
--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451971.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 6: Fund Management 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III: LP 
Fund Management 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner will be owned independently from Deutsche Bank and its board of directors will be comprised of 
entirely independent directors. The Manager is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank. 
Brief biographies of the proposed directors of the General Partner are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the 
General Partner, and biographies of the current members of the Secondary Team are set out below. 
Secondary Team 
The Secondary Team is comprised of 10 investment professionals dedicated to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonfi, have worked together since 2007. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108840 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255024 
EFTA01451971

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451972.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 6: Fund Management 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III: LP 
Exhibit 18: Secondary Team 
kit 
Charles Smith - Managing Director, Co-Head of 
Secondary Private Equity (London) 
■ Charles Smith is co-head of Secondaries and a 
member of DBPE's Executive Committee and 
Global 
Investment 
Committee. 
Charles 
is 
responsible 
for 
the 
worldwide 
origination. 
investment and distribution activities of the DB 
Secondary Opportunities Funds. 
■ He co-founded the Secondaries Team in 2006. 
Previously he was Head 
of UK 
Corporate 
Investments and was involved in the reorganisation 
of the proprietary Private Equity portfolio (E5.1bn) of 
Deutsche Bank AG in the UK and US from 2003 to 
2006. 
■ From 1992 to 2003, Charles worked in the Mergers 
& Acquisitions Divisions of Bankers Trust and 
Deutsche Bank in London and New York. He 
carried out 30 cross-section and cross-country 
transactions totalling a volume of over US$15bn. He 
has held the position of Co-Head of the Technology. 
Media and Telecommunications Segment within the 
M&A Group. 
■ Education: MA. Cambridge University. 
Ita 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli - Managing Director, Global Head 
DB Private Equity, Co-Head of Secondary Private 
Equity (London) 
■ Carlo Pirzio-Biroli is the Global Head of DBPE and 
a member of its Executive Committee and Global 
Investment Committee. Carlo is the co-head of 
Secondaries with responsibility for the worldwide 
origination, investment and distribution activities of 
the DB Secondary Opportunities Funds. 
■ He co-founded the Secondaries Team in 2006 after 
being 
involved in 
the 
reorganisation of the 
proprietary Private Equity portfolios (E5.1bn) of 
Deutsche Bank AG in the UK and US from 2003 to 
2006. 
■ Previously, Carlo was CEO of CDB Web Tech SpA, 
a listed venture capital fund-of-funds. As Executive 
Officer Corporate Initiatives at General Electric 
Corp., Fairfield (CT), he managed cross-divisional 
projects and, as a Consultant at Boston Consulting 
Group in New York, he advised Fortune-500 clients. 
He also served as an officer in the Italian navy. 
■ Education: 
MBA. 
Columbia 
Business 
School: 
Laurea (MSc equivalent) University of Rome. 
Chi Cheung - Director (London) 
■ Based in London, Chi is responsible for identifying and analysing secondary investment opportunities and leading 
the implementation and management of transactions. 
■ Chi joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 working as an Associate in Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory and was involved in the reorganisation of the proprietary Private Equity portfolio (€5.1bn) of 
Deutsche Bank AG in the UK and US from 2003 to 2006. 
■ Previously, he completed an internship with the Debt Markets division of Merrill Lynch, London. and a two-year 
German Bankkaufmann apprenticeship with Deutsche Bank AG London. 
■ Education: MA. Cambridge University. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0108841 
SDNY_GM_00255025 
EFTA01451972

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451973.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Exhibit 19: Secondary Team (continued) 
Adam Gram/ - Director (New York) 
■ Based in New York, Adam is responsible for identifying and analysing secondary investment opportunities and 
leading the implementation and management of transactions. 
■ He joined Deutsche Bank in 2007 in his current capacity. Previously he was at Pomona Capital focusing on 
secondary private equity transactions and buy-out co-investments. 
■ Prior to Pomona, he executed direct private equity investments in venture and private equity companies as a 
senior vice president in the Private Equity Division of Lehman Brothers and at the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate 
of the Soros Funds. Previously he also worked as an analyst in technology investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
■ Education: BA. Colgate University. 
Francesco Rigamonti - Director (London / Milan) 
■ Based in Milan. Francesco is responsible for identifying and analysing secondary investment opportunities and 
leading the implementation and management of transactions. 
■ He joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy and was involved in the 
reorganisation of the proprietary Private Equity portfolio (€5.1bn) of Deutsche Bank AG from 2003 to 2006 with a 
focus on the restructuring and harvesting of MGPE Italy's portfolio investments. 
■ Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, where he focused on restructurings. 
■ Education. MA, Milan University. 
The senior team is supported by a team of analyst to vice president level professionals who are responsible for the 
analysis of transaction opportunities and for supporting the senior professionals in the origination and execution of 
transactions. These junior professionals typically have two to three years of experience from a leading investment bank 
prior to recruitment into the Secondary Team. 
Investment Committee 
The Manager will establish an investment committee (the 'Investment Committee') that will evaluate investment 
opportunities for the Fund. The Investment Committee, in addition to other matters, will (i) evaluate the investment 
universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, divest or 
manage portfolio investments, and (iv) advise on the investment strategy of the Fund. The Investment Committee will 
consist of at least three members and will be responsible for approving investment decisions for the Fund, in accordance 
with the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with 
decisions being made on a unanimous basis. From time to time, and as appropriate, the Manager may invite additional 
persons as observers to the Investment Committee. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108842 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255026 
EFTA01451973

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451974.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
It is intended that the Investment Committee will initially consist of Charles Smith. Carlo Pirzio-Biroli. Chi Cheung. Adam 
Graev and Francesco Rigamonti (biographies above) together with another senior independent member of the DB PE 
team. Andreas Schmidt. 
Andreas Schmidt, Managing Director, Head of Primary Private Equity Investing 
■ Based in Cologne. Andreas Schmidt leads DB PE's primary private equity investment team globally and is a member 
of DB PE's executive committee and global investment committee. He is also a member of the investor advisory 
boards of several private equity funds. 
■ From 2006 to 2008. Andreas worked as an investment professional for CAM Private Equity in Cologne. Prior to this 
he was a management consultant at the Boston Consulting Group advising German and international firms on asset 
management issues as well as international private equity funds on strategic due diligence of German firms. 
■ Andreas started his professional career as assistant to the management board of Gelling Group and subsequently 
assumed responsibility for its private equity investments as investment manager. 
■ Education: business engineering at the University of Karlsruhe (TH). 
Confrdenbal Private Placement Memorandurn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108843 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255027 
EFTA01451974

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451975.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108844 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255028 
EFTA01451975

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451976.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108845 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255029 
EFTA01451976

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451977.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Sunmary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the subscription agreements relating to the purchase of Interests. both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. 
To the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents. the provisions of the Fund Documents will prevail. 
stalritI tent* 
The Fund 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP, an English limited partnership. 
Investment Objective 
The General Partner 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in 
the US and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar 
structures) on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, a 'Fund Secondary'), (ii) 
the acquisition of investment interests in portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market (each such investment interest, a "Direct Secondary'), and (iii) co-investments in 
individual portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-
investment, a to -Investment'). Fund Secondaries, Direct Secondaries and Co-Investments 
may be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. 
Leonardo Secondary Opportunities Fund III (GP) Limited, an unaffiliated special purpose 
entity established in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company, will serve as a general 
partner of the Fund (the 'General Partner'). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will 
appoint the Manager to manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Leonardo Secondary Opportunities Fund III (Alternate GP). LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership (the 'Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in 
accordance with the Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage. operate or 
administer the business or affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108846 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255030 
EFTA01451977

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451978.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
The Manager 
Commitments 
The following summary makes reference to the Manager (as defined below) being authorised 
by the UK Financial Conduct Authority to the extent required by the EU Alternative Investment 
Fund Managers Directive and its implementing legislation in the UK (the 'AIFM 
Authorisation"). Although the Manager has applied for the AIFM Authorisation, as of the 
date of this Memorandum, the Manager has not yet received the AIFM Authorisation. The 
First Closing (as defined below) will not occur prior to the date on which the Manager has 
received the AIFM Authorisation. 
Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited. or an affiliate within the Deutsche 
Bank Group that is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(including to the extent required by the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(the 'AIFMD') and its implementing legislation in the UK), and in the US by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "Manager"), will provide portfolio management, risk management 
and administrative services to the Fund, including investigating, analysing, structuring and 
negotiating potential investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and 
advising the Fund as to disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and 
disposition decisions. The Manager will be the Fund's "AIFM" (as defined in the AIFMD) and 
will assume responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion of the General 
Partner and the Second GP, will take all actions in respect of the Fund that constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will satisfy from the 
priority profit share that the General Partner receives in respect of the Fund. 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund (-Commitments") of USS1 billion, 
although the Manager may accept aggregate Commitments less than, or in excess of, this 
amount. In order to subscribe for an Interest, a prospective Limited Partner must execute a 
deed of adherence and provide documentation to the Manager in order to satisfy its 
'customer due diligence' obligations. The Manager may accept or reject a subscription for an 
Interest. 
Nth mum Commitment 
The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund (collectively, the ' imited 
Partners' and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP, the "Partners') is 
USS5 million, although the Manager may accept Commitments of lesser amounts. 
0B investment 
On admission to the Fund, each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund 
equal to 0.01% of its Commitment. The remaining 99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn 
down by the Manager from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund (each an 
'Advance"). 
Subject to the ongoing uncertain implications of the Volcker Rule, Deutsche Bank intends to 
participate directly or indirectly in the Fund's investment programme in an amount up to 2.9% 
of the aggregate Commitments. In particular, this intention is subject to Deutsche Bank AG or 
its affiliates having the right to reduce their direct or indirect participation in the Fund's 
investment programme in order to comply with applicable lawee, and provided further that the 
aggregate participation of Deutsche Bank and its affiliates will not exceed US$29 million. 
. 2 The amount of the anticipated investment by Deutsche Bank could be in excess of that winch wdl be permitted under the Bank Holding Company Act of 
1956, as amended (the 'BIC Act), as further amended by Section 819 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
("Dodd-Frank', also known as the 'Volcker Rule'. Please refer to the risk factor entitled 'Dodd-Frank wall Sheet Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
and the Volcker Rule' in Section 8: Risk Factors of this Memorandum for a discussion of potential limitations on the amount of Deutsche Bank's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108847 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255031 
EFTA01451978

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451979.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill, LP 
Management and 
Employee Investors 
Closings 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
Drawdowns 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, certain individuals working for or with the private 
equity business of Deutsche Bank AG ("DB PE') or the Manager, as well as certain other 
employees of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates, may invest in the Fund, indirectly through one or 
more Feeder Funds (as defined below) created for the purpose (each. an "Executive Fund 
Partner). An Executive Fund Partners Commitments will not be subject to any General 
Partner's Share or Carried Interest (as such terms are defined below). 
The Manager will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the 'First Closing") as soon as 
practicable following the date on which 75% of aggregate commitments to DB SOF II have 
been invested, committed or reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the 
obligations of DB SOF II. From time to time after the First Closing one or more additional 
closings may be held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First 
Closing, a 'Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 18 months 
after the First Closing (the 'Final Admission Date"), provided that the Manager may extend 
the Final Admission Date with the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (as defined 
below). 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner) generally will participate in the investments, if any, made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of Partners admitted in 
prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at the higher of the 
preferred return rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time. generally upon 12 
business days' prior written notice. 
investment in the Fund and other potential risks to the Fund and/or Investors resulting from US banking laws end regulations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108848 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255032 
EFTA01451979

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451980.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill. LP 
Investment Period 
Reinvestment 
Key Person Event 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the later of (a) the date on which the 
investment period of DB Secondary Opportunities Fund II, L.P ("DB SOF II") expires and (b) 
the date of the First Closing, and will expire at the end of the calendar quarter in which the 
earliest of the following occurs (the 'Investment Period'): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed for 
investment. used to pay expenses and liabilities. or formally reserved for such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any time during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period following a key person 
event (as described below)). After the end of the Investment Period, the Fund will not make 
new portfolio investments, but may (i) fund existing obligations to make contributions or 
advances in respect of any investment, (ii) complete investments that were in process as of 
the end of the Investment Period, and (iii) fund follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Co-Investments, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, or 
Direct Secondaries and (iv) continue to draw down Commitments to pay liabilities and 
ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partners Share. 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment received by the Fund 
within thirteen months of the date on which such investment was made, but only to the extent 
of capital invested by the Fund in such investment: (ii) following the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in Investment Period" above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Direct Secondaries and Co-Investments: and (iii) distributions made to the Partners to the 
extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of the General Partners Share (as defined 
below) or pay organisational expenses or Fund expenses. 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith. Carlo Pirzio-Biroli. Adam Graev. Chi 
Cheung and Francesco Rigamonti (with such persons, and any replacement key persons. 
being the "Key Persons"). The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or 
more qualified replacements for such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement 
will become a Key Person with the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (a) (i) either Charles Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli (the 'Principals") or (ii) three Key Persons cease for any reason, to devote such 
business time as is reasonably necessary to the affairs of the Fund, or (b) either Principal 
ceases to devote substantially all his business time (excluding such business time that is 
required for certain activities related to his employment by Deutsche Bank AG and its 
affiliates) to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as defined below) 
or Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the DB Secondaries Funds, any Complementary 
Fund (as defined below) and any successor fund. The Investment Period may be reinstated 
(x) at any time with the consent of 6634% in interest of the Limited Partners or (y) if the 
requisite number of qualified replacements for the Key Persons are approved within 120 days 
of the Investment Period being suspended, provided that the Investment Period will terminate 
automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108849 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255033 
EFTA01451980

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451981.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Diversification 
Indebtedness 
Hedging 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee and following the Final Admission Date 
(i) no more than 5% of the aggregate Commitments will be invested in any single Co-
Investment, (ii) no more than 20% of the aggregate Commitments will be invested in any 
single Fund Secondary or Direct Secondary and (iii) no more than 15% of the aggregate 
Commitments invested in Co-Investments will be made on a primary basis. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the Fund's 
expenses or the General Partners Share in advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control. may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings including its 
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions. such as hedging for currency. interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of derivative transactions. 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
Confrdenbal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108850 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255034 
EFTA01451981

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451982.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
General Partner's 
Share 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner a profit share (the 'General Partner's Share"). 
Advances will be made against the General Partner's Share quarterly from drawdowns of the 
Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other proceeds received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and each investor in 
a Feeder Fund (other than an Executive Fund Partner): 
(i) 
during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum, reduced by the Applicable Points and 
the Incentive Points (as defined below) as of the date of determination, of (a) the 
Commitment of such Limited Partner or (b) the commitment (or equivalent) of such 
Feeder Fund investor: 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% per annum, 
reduced by the Applicable Points and the Incentive Points (as defined below) as of the 
date of determination, of the aggregate, as of the end of the Investment Period, of such 
Limited Partners or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or 
equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested in portfolio investments, and 
(b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has reasonably reserved for 
portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an investor in a Feeder Fund's 'Invested 
Capital'): and 
(iii) for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term (including any 
extension thereof), the greater of (a) 90% of the annual profit share, in respect of such 
Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately preceding year, and 
(b) 0.25% of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investors Invested Capital. 
'Applicable Points' means with respect to (i) a Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (ii) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment (or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (a) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than US$50 million, zero 
basis points, (b) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or more but less than 
US$100 million, 10 basis points, and (c) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$100 
million or more, 20 basis points. 
'Incentive Points' means with respect to (i) a Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) 
that is admitted to the Fund or (ii) an investor in a Feeder Fund that is admitted to such 
Feeder Fund, in each case (a) after the First Closing, zero basis points, and (b) at the First 
Closing. 5 basis points. 
The General Partner will not receive any General Partner's Share with respect to the Special 
Limited Partner or any Executive Fund Partner. 
The General Partners Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 'Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees". 
Conbdential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108851 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255035 
EFTA01451982

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451983.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-to-day services to the Fund, including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in connection with its 
operations, including: fees, costs and expenses of third parties, including without limitation tax 
advisors and counsel, related to the purchase, structuring, holding and sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed); expenses incurred in connection with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of accountants, counsel, 
administrators, depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax filings and accounts, 
and including such fees, costs and expenses paid to the General Partner, the Second GP, the 
Manager and any of their respective affiliates for services rendered to the Fund on an arm's-
length basis and which may otherwise have been performed by an external party; costs and 
expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting (but not the ancillary 
expenses incurred by Limited Partners travelling to the annual meeting); litigation expenses 
and other extraordinary expenses. 
Transaction, Break-Up 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates may charge 
and Other Fees 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees, advisory fees, break-up 
fees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any related 
expenses, VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Manager or its affiliates in 
connection with unconsummated transactions, will be applied to reduce the General Partner's 
Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated among the Fund and any related co-
investing entities on the basis of capital committed by each to the relevant investment. 
General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if necessary. 
Fund Advisory 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three voting members 
Committee 
appointed by the Manager (the "Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an investor in any 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor affiliated with the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or Deutsche Bank). Feeder Funds and 
Parallel Funds will not have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right 
to appoint one or more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and 
as the chairman, of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet 
at least annually following the Final Admission Date, or before the Final Admission Date at 
the discretion of the Manager, and as required to consult with the Manager as to potential 
conflicts of interest and certain other matters. The Fund will reimburse the Fund Advisory 
Committee members for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Conftdenbal Private Placement Memorandurn 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108853 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255037 
EFTA01451983

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451984.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Alternative Vehicles 
Parallel Funds 
Feeder Funds 
Side Letters 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an 'Alternative Vehicle') if, in the judgement of the Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Alternative Vehicle generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund (except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. The profits and losses of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds (each a 
'Parallel Fund') to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. Any 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
The General Partner or the Manager intends to establish one or more feeder funds which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate the investment 
requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors in a Feeder Fund will be 
treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant Parallel Fund, as the case may 
be. 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing the 
General Partners Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a 'Side Letter"). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are. or alter or supplement the terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favourable to the recipient than those 
offered to any other Limited Partner. including with respect to (i) economic arrangements 
(including alternative fee or other compensation arrangements). (ii) opting out of particular 
investments. (iii) reporting obligations of the Fund. (iv) transfer to affiliates. (v) co-investment 
opportunities. (vi) withdrawal events. (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments. (viii) indemnification arrangements. (ix) dispute resolution 
processes or (x) any other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling a 
Limited Partner to opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund. any election 
to opt out or withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partners pro 
rata interest in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future investments 
(in the case of a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partners 
investment results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govem solely with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. Any additional rights established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented. in a Side Letter with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a Commitment equal to 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final Admission Date. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108855 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255039 
EFTA01451984

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451985.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Default 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions, including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% and (ii) 8%. 
Term 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject to up to five 
consecutive additional one-year extensions as determined by the Manager. 
Currency 
The Fund will be denominated in US dollars. 
Tax Considerations 
The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for US federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund generally will not be subject to US federal income tax. 
and each Partner subject to US tax will be required to include in computing its US federal 
income tax liability its allocable share of the items of income. gain, loss. deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether and to what extent distributions are made by the Fund to 
such Partner. See Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations — Certain Tax 
Considerations of this Memorandum. It is expected that annual US federal tax information 
from portfolio investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to 
incorporate such information into its annual US federal tax information and to distribute such 
information to its investors prior to April 15 each year. As a result. investors will likely be 
required to obtain extensions for filing US federal, state and local income tax retums each 
year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. 
Investors, in 
particular non-US and US tax-exempt Investors, are strongly urged to consult their 
own tax advisers concerning the tax consequences of making an investment in the 
Fund, in light of their particular circumstances. 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: This summary was not intended or written to be used, and it 
cannot be used by any taxpayer, for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed 
on the taxpayer under US federal tax law. 
This summary was written to support the 
promotion or marketing of the Fund. Each taxpayer should seek advice based on the 
taxpayer's particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
ERISA Considerations 
Investment in the Fund is generally open to institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the US Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by 'benefit plan investors" (within the meaning 
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. See Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations — Certain Tax Considerations of this Memorandum. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult its own advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
Conftdenbal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108857 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255041 
EFTA01451985

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451986.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III: LP 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Interest 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts of interest. 
The offering involves potential conflicts of interest between the Manager and Deutsche Bank 
and its affiliates, the Manager and the Limited Partners. and between other parties involved 
with the Fund and its investments. The Manager and parties related to it, including Deutsche 
Bank. engage in a broad spectrum of investment and financial activities. some of which may 
compete with the Fund. In the future, there may arise instances where the interests of the 
Manager and related parties, including Deutsche Bank, conflict with the interests of the Fund, 
Parallel Funds and the Limited Partners. 
See Section 8: Risk Factors and Section 9: 
Conflicts of Interest of this Memorandum. 
Each Investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks and conflicts prior to 
purchasing an Interest. 
Special Counsel to the 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. 
Manager 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Depositary 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and US counsel by the Manager in 
connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, it does not represent or owe 
any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such 
retention. 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. KPMG or Ernst & Young 
LLP. 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
State Street Trustees Limited, an AIFMD-compliant depositary, will be appointed by the Fund 
prior to the First Closing. As of the date of this Memorandum, State Street Trustees Limited 
has not yet been formally appointed to this role. The First Closing will not occur prior to the 
date on which State Street Trustees Limited has been formally appointed as the Fund's 
depositary and fund administrator. 
Confrdential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108858 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255042 
EFTA01451986

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451987.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108859 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255043 
EFTA01451987

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451988.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108861 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255045 
EFTA01451988

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451989.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
identify sufficient secondaries investment opportunities or that it will be able to acquire sufficient secondaries investments 
on attractive terms. 
Risks of investing on a secondary basis in real estate and real estate-related assets 
Secondary investments in investment funds that invest in real estate and real estate-related assets are subject to various 
risks, including adverse changes in national or international economic conditions, adverse local market conditions, the 
financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes in the availability or terms of financing, changes 
in interest rates, exchange rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses, environmental laws and 
regulations, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, energy prices, changes in the relative 
popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to acquire properties, risks due to dependence on 
cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of certain construction materials, as well as acts of 
God, uninsurable losses, war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes. volcanoes or floods and other factors which are 
beyond the control of an investor. 
Multiple levels of expense 
The Fund and the underlying private equity funds in which it invests impose management and/or administrative costs, 
expenses and performance allocations. This will result in greater expense to the Investors than if such costs, expenses 
and allocations were not charged by the Fund and Investors were able to invest directly in the underlying private equity 
funds in which the Fund invests or the portfolio companies of those underlying funds. 
Contingent liabilities associated with investment fund interests acquired in secondary 
transactions 
Where the Fund acquires an interest in an investment fund in a secondaries transaction, such Fund may acquire 
contingent liabilities of the seller of the interest. More specifically, where the seller has received distributions from the 
relevant private equity fund and, subsequently, that private equity fund recalls one or more of these distributions, the 
Fund (as the purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are attributable and not the seller) may be obliged to 
return monies equivalent to such distributions to the private equity fund. While the Fund may, in tum, make a claim 
against the seller for any such monies so paid to the private equity fund, there can be no assurances that the Fund would 
prevail on such claim. 
Underlying funds invest independently 
The underlying funds in which the Fund will invest generally invest wholly independently of one another and may at times 
hold economically offsetting positions. To the extent that such underlying funds hold such positions, considered as a 
whole they may not achieve any gain of loss despite incurring fees and expenses in connection with such positions. In 
addition, a manager of such an underlying fund may be compensated based on the performance of its investments. 
Accordingly, there may often be times when a particular manager may receive incentive compensation in respect of its 
investments for a period even though the value of such underlying funds overall depreciated during such period. 
Investors will not have any direct interest in a portfolio investment 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a direct or indirect offering of interests in portfolio investments. Investors 
will not be limited partners in the underlying funds in which the Fund will invest, will have no direct interest in such 
underlying funds and will have no voting rights in, or standing or recourse against. any such funds. Moreover, none of 
the Investors will have the right to participate in the control, management or operations of any such underlying fund or 
have any discretion over the management of any such underlying fund by reason of their investment in the Fund. 
Confrdenbal Private Placement Memorandurn 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108864 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255048 
EFTA01451989

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451990.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill, LP 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Fund's Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time borrow funds to make investments on a leveraged basis. The interest expense and other 
costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by income from investments purchased by the 
Fund. Gains realised with borrowed funds may cause the value of the portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster 
rate than would be the case without borrowings. If, however, investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the 
value of the portfolio held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if 
the investments fail to perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in the Fund would be subordinated to such 
leverage, which would compound any such adverse consequences. Further, to the extent income received from 
investments is used to make interest and principal payments on the Fund's borrowings, Investors may be allocated 
income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of cash received by them in distributions. Investors will be aware that the 
stability of certain financial markets has deteriorated in recent years. These and other unforeseeable factors may affect 
the ability of the Manager to find and/or secure finance for suitable investment opportunities for the Fund. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance data relating to the DB Secondaries Funds 
presented herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the Interests is as of September 30, 
2013 (unless noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current position. Such data has not been 
audited or otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as representative of the returns that may 
be achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AIMR) standards. 
No assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the DB Secondaries Funds would be suitable for the Fund. Past performance is not an 
indication of future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns which may be experienced by 
Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment opportunities against other investors, including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments. many of which (i) have financial and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund, (ii) may make competing offers for investment opportunities that are identified by the Fund 
and (iii) may be willing to offer terms more favourable than those offered by the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase. thus reducing the number of opportunities available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated. or to meet the Fund's return objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful and consequently the Fund may not be able to recover such costs. which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and obligations of the Fund, Investors must rely 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108866 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255050 
EFTA01451990

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451991.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investors Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be reduced. which will limit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures. to enable the Fund to comply with the recently enacted US 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investors undrawn commitment to the Fund), during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment Period. 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic, financial and other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and, accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgement and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors. including the nature of private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables, and limited sources of useful valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be realised. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realised with respect to the investments. Valuation uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Tax risks 
The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund, the General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests, there is a risk that the relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximise pre-tax returns that result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108868 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255052 
EFTA01451991

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451992.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the Manager but without regard to the taxation. 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund, its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such junsdictions and the countries through which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to efficiently realise income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face unfavourable tax treatment in such jurisdictions 
that may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. 
Annual tax information 
It is expected that annual US federal tax information from the Fund Secondaries will not be received in sufficient time to 
permit the Fund to incorporate such information into its annual US federal tax information and to distribute such 
information to its Investors prior to April 15 each year. As a result Investors will likely be required to obtain extensions 
for filing US federal, state and local income tax returns each year. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitrnents to such entities), partnerships, joint ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, structuring or operation, or relationships with co-
venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may be impacted by other parties if made on a joint 
venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g. where a co-venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where the Fund is liable for actions of such co-
venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-venturer, co-investor or partner operates a project, 
the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-venturer, co-investor or partner. While the Manager will 
seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the Fund, such actions or omissions may not be sufficient to 
protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, co-investors, partners or counterparties may default on their 
contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's investments. Any such default would likely have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to Investors. In addition, the Fund may co-invest with other 
parties, including entities within the Deutsche Bank Group, through partnerships, joint-ventures or other entities. Under 
such circumstances, there is the possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such co-investor 
may have economic or business interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. In addition, the 
Fund may, in certain circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108869 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255053 
EFTA01451992

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451993.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate in existing investments of the Fund, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. 
Although such Investors will contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify, and hold harmless, the General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager and each of their 
respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each of the current and former officers, 
directors, employees, managers, agents of any of the General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager and each of their 
respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each person serving, or who has served, 
as a member of the Fund Advisory Committee (and, with respect to claims or damages arising out of or relating to such 
service only, the Investor that such person represents and each of such Investors officers, directors, employees, 
partners, members, managers, agents and other representatives); and any other third party designated by the General 
Partner as a covered person who serves at the request of the General Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on 
behalf of the Fund from and against any liabilities, actions, proceedings, claims, costs, demands and expenses to which 
they may become subject by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, unless such liabilities, actions, proceedings, 
claims, costs, demands and expenses result from certain conduct of such indemnified person as specified in the Fund 
Partnership Agreement. Indemnification of these indemnified persons may impair the financial condition of the Fund and 
its ability to acquire investments or otherwise achieve its investment objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the 
Investors may be required to return certain distributions for the purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, 
subject to certain limitations. 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term instruments pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns eamed by direct investors in the underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. Any decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. 
The Fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that they have received distributions from the Fund, 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to return certain distributions for the purpose 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108870 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255054 
EFTA01451993

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451994.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund, including any investments made by the Fund, are available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular assets, such as the asset representing the 
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases. the information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. 
In addition, the Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments: however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments. and the Fund may incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in countries that are considered *emerging markets'. 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in emerging markets countries. For example, 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in countries outside the United States, the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ significantly from those practised in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently realise income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organisations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such organisations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees, the repatriation of capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special counsel to the Manager and may act as counsel to underlying private 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108871 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255055 
EFTA01451994

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451995.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
equity funds in which the Fund invests in connection with their organisation. offering and ongoing investment activities. 
The Fund and the Manager have acknowledged and agreed that, in certain instances. Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. as 
counsel to an underlying private equity fund in which the Fund invests, may have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager 
if a conflict arises between the Fund and such underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain 
additional counsel. Separate counsel has not been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest 
extent permitted by law. Debevoise & Plimpton LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the 
Investors as a group in connection with its role as special counsel to the Manager. 
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a "Side Letter). Any such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in the subscription agreements relating to the 
purchase of Interests. Any such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates, (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events. (iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favourable than those offered to 
any other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase any other Limited Partners' pro 
rata interest in the Fund. 
It is the Manager's policy to treat Limited Partners fairty. Consistent with this policy and applicable rules and regulations, 
the terms negotiated with individual Limited Partners may vary for a number of reasons, including a Limited Partners 
regulatory and/or tax status or other requirements or policies applicable to it, the amount of a Limited Partners 
commitment to the Fund, a Limited Partners overall commercial relationship with the Manager or any member of the 
Deutsche Bank Group, and the nature of a particular investment. 
Part C — General risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets. prevailing economic conditions. investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that, in recent years, the stability of certain financial markets has significantly deteriorated, certain 
market participants are in financial distress. the availability of credit has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain circumstances. has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP. These factors include interest rates, inflation, 
deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price of securities and participation by other investors in the financial 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108872 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255056 
EFTA01451995

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451996.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill, LP 
markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to provide financing at current or historic valuation levels to 
private equity. Instability in the securities. currency, commodity and other markets may also increase the risks inherent 
in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns.
Inflation and deflation: Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any instruments in which the Fund has invested. or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. 
Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g. infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to other assets. such as (historically) gold. which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sell certain investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and. therefore, there may be limited cash available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall, reducing the revenues generated by. and so the value of, such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating costs and expenses associated with any 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterised by a tightening of money supply and credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments, and so limit the number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid, preventing the Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in US dollars but the Fund may make and 
realise investments in currencies other than US dollars and, as a result, the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximise US dollar revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance, however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference currency is a currency other than US dollars. their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the value of the US dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of converting US dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years. disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund on less favourable terms. In addition, 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108873 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255057 
EFTA01451996

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451997.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
because purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically require acquisition financing to fund a 
portion of the purchase price, these conditions may adversely affect the availability of favourable exit opportunities for 
such investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability to implement its investment strategy 
and generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the debt markets could have an adverse 
impact on the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the Dodd-Frank Act (defined below), and under other 
international bank regulatory frameworks, such as Basel Ill, banking organisations and other financial institutions are 
required to hold additional regulatory capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage and other similar tests. The 
timing, scope and cumulative effect of these regulatory developments is not fully known, but they may result in lenders 
being less willing and able to extend credit to borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs to lenders, which are 
passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. In addition, as noted below, under the Volcker Rule (defined below), the Fund 
may be prohibited from borrowing from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates. 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the Volcker Rule 
Deutsche Bank is subject to a broad array of US and German banking laws and regulations. As a result of both 
Deutsche Bank's investment in the Fund, if any, and the Manager being an affiliate of Deutsche Bank, the Fund and the 
Manager also are likely to be subject to the banking laws and regulations that are applicable to Deutsche Bank. Such 
laws and regulations may, among other things, impose restrictions on the types and amounts of investments that the 
Fund may make, the types of activities in which the Fund may engage and the amount of influence and control the 
Manager and the Fund may have over the operations of the Fund's portfolio companies. Thus, though Deutsche Bank 
intends to commit capital to the Fund, its ability to do so will depend on the operation of such laws and regulations. 
For example, in the United States, Deutsche Bank is treated as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding 
Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the 'BHC Act'). Deutsche 
Bank has elected to be treated as a financial holding company within the meaning of the BHC Act. To comply with the 
BHC Act. and the rules applicable to financial holding companies and their affiliates, the Fund may be required to 
dispose of investments within 10 years of their acquisition or to obtain US regulatory approval for an extension. If it were 
to apply for an extension, there is no guarantee that an extension would be obtained. Furthermore, Deutsche Bank may 
choose not to seek an extension if doing so would, in Deutsche Bank's view, lead to certain adverse consequences to 
Deutsche Bank. 
In addition, certain bank regulatory limits may apply to Deutsche Bank, its affiliates and the Fund on an aggregate basis. 
As a result, investments made by Deutsche Bank in the ordinary course of business may limit the investments or the size 
of the investments the Fund can make or the degree of influence and control the Manager and the Fund may have with 
respect to an investment. As a result of such limitations, the Fund may be required to invest in a manner that would be 
less advantageous than it if were not subject to such laws and regulations and some otherwise suitable investments may 
not be available to the Fund. or may be unprofitably disposed of by, the Fund. 
In addition to these limits and restrictions, new laws have been enacted in the United States and Europe that govern 
banks and their affiliates. Changes in applicable banking laws or regulations or in the interpretation or application thereof 
could require the Fund to dispose of some or all of its investments under unfavourable market conditions, thus causing 
the Fund to recognise a loss that it might not otherwise have recognised, and could cause the Manager to discontinue 
activities with respect to certain of the investment activities of the Fund. The discontinuance of such activities by the 
Manager could have a material adverse effect on the Fund. 
One significant new law was enacted in the United States on July 21, 2010, when President Obama signed into law the 
US Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the 'Dodd-Frank Act'), certain provisions of which 
will apply new capital, prudential, credit and other new limits to bank holding companies and financial holding companies. 
The full scope. nature and extent of these new limits — and any potential impact on the Fund — are to be determined by 
regulations, some of which have only recently been finalised and are. therefore, subject to ongoing analysis following the 
recent completion of certain aspects of the rulemaking process. 
Volcker Rule 
Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act established a new section 13 of the BHC Act, commonly referred to as the "Volcker 
Conhdential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108874 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255058 
EFTA01451997

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451998.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Rule'. Among other things, the Volcker Rule generally prohibits "banking entities' from sponsoring, or investing in. 
'covered funds' except to the extent permitted pursuant an available exemption. In addition, a 'banking entity" and its 
affiliates are prohibited from entering into certain transactions with (such as extending credit to or purchasing assets 
from) any 'covered fund' that the banking entity sponsors. organises and offers or for which it serves, directly or 
indirectly, as investment manager, investment adviser or commodity trading adviser. 
Although Deutsche Bank is a German banking corporation, it is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of the 
BHC Act. As a consequence. Deutsche Bank and each of its subsidiaries and affiliates (including the Manager) are 
"banking entities' for purposes of the Volcker Rule and, therefore, subject to its requirements. In addition, it is anticipated 
that the Fund will be offered to US residents on a private placement basis and will constitute a 'covered fund' pursuant to 
the Volcker Rule. As a consequence. the Manager will be required to comply with the requirements of the so-called 
'asset management exemption' under Section 
.11 of the rules to implement the Volcker Rule (the "Implementing 
Regulations"). 
The applicable US federal regulators have only recently issued final versions of the Implementing Regulations and 
these final rules are still being reviewed and analysed. In conjunction with the issuance of the final rules, US federal 
regulators have given banking entities until July 2015 to come into compliance with them; during this period, Deutsche 
Bank will analyse the final rules and devise the appropriate compliance strategy. 
If the Manager determines that the investments of the Fund present a conflict for or impair the ability of Deutsche Bank or 
any of its affiliates to conduct its business, in order to accommodate the compliance of Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
with the Volcker Rule and the Implementing Regulations. Deutsche Bank and its affiliates (including the Manager) may 
discontinue activities with respect to certain of the investment activities of the Fund. As a result, the Fund may not be 
able to take advantage of Deutsche Bank's platform to the same extent as if the Volcker Rule and the Implementing 
Regulations did not apply. 
In addition, the Volcker Rule would impose material restrictions on the ability of a banking entity to provide financial 
support to, or enter into certain other arrangements that would be "covered transactions" (as defined in Section 23A of 
the US Federal Reserve Act of 1914, as amended) with or for the benefit of. a private fund. These restrictions will limit 
extending credit to or purchasing assets from a private fund. Accordingly, the Deutsche Bank Group likely will be 
prohibited from providing loans or other credit support to the Fund (or to other entities for the benefit of the Fund) and 
may be prohibited from guaranteeing the clawback obligation of the Special Limited Partner. The Fund (and any fund 
structuring vehicles and feeders) will also not be permitted to include the Deutsche Bank name (or any variation thereon), 
in their respective names. 
The foregoing is not an exhaustive discussion of the potential risks the Dodd-Frank Act and the Volcker Rule pose for the 
Deutsche Bank Group, the Fund, the General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager and the Investors. Moreover, the 
final Implementing Regulations may impose unforeseen burdens on, and may result in significant changes in the 
activities of, the Fund, the Manager and Deutsche Bank and its affiliates. Each Investor should consult its own legal 
counsel to determine how it could be impacted by the various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Volcker Rule and 
other changes to US and German banking laws. 
Deutsche Bank Investment Limitations 
The asset management exemption under the Volcker Rule limits any investment by Deutsche Bank and its affiliates in a 
covered fund to not more than 3% of the fund's total ownership interest or invested capital (the 'per-fund investment 
limit'). In addition, total investments in covered funds relying on the asset management exemption by Deutsche Bank 
and its affiliates are limited to not more than 3% of Deutsche Bank's Tier 1 capital (the "aggregate investment limit'). To 
the extent Deutsche Bank and its affiliates have already made investments in covered funds organised and offered in 
reliance on the 'asset management exemption' equal to or exceeding 3% of its Tier 1 capital, then Deutsche Bank will be 
prohibited from making further investments in covered funds under the 'asset management exemption,' including the 
Fund, notwithstanding the per fund investment limit. 
While Deutsche Bank intends to commit up to the lesser of 2.9% of the aggregate Commitments and $29 million to the 
Fund, Deutsche Bank has yet to determine whether any such investment will be permitted under the aggregate 
investment limit. 
In addition, because the US regulators have yet to issue final Implementing Regulations and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108875 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255059 
EFTA01451998

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01451999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01451999.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
interpretive guidance, any such determination, once made, will be subject to change to the extent required under the final 
Implementing Regulations. While the General Partner and the Manager will endeavour to minimise the impact on the 
Fund and the assets held by the Fund, Deutsche Bank's interests in determining and implementing any resultant actions 
may, depending on the final Implementing Regulations. conflict with the interests of the Fund, and the Fund and the 
Investors may be adversely affected by such actions. If Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates are required to withdraw their 
investment in the Fund in whole or in part, the consent of the Fund or the Limited Partners will not be required. 
Banking laws and regulations 
In addition to the Dodd-Frank Act, the Fund may be subject to provisions of US and German banking laws and 
regulations and various other laws and regulations applicable to banks and bank holding companies generally, as a 
result both of Deutsche Bank's investment in the Fund Of any), and the Manager being an affiliate of Deutsche Bank. 
Such laws and regulations may. among other things, impose restrictions on the types and amounts of investments that 
the Fund may make and on the types of activities in which the Fund may engage. In addition, the Fund may be affected 
by rules to be issued by US federal banking, securities and commodities regulators under the Dodd-Frank Act and other 
US laws that will, among other things, prohibit conflicts of interest and material exposures to high-risk assets and high-
risk investment strategies by banking entities, such as Deutsche Bank. and the funds with which they are affiliated or to 
which they provide services. It is not certain whether and in what form such rules will be adopted or the impact such rules 
will have on the Fund, the Manager, or Deutsche Bank and the relationship among the three. 
To comply with the BHC Act, in addition to other laws and regulations, the Fund may be required to dispose of 
investments within 10 years of their acquisition or to obtain US regulatory approval for an extension. If it were to apply 
for an extension, there is no guarantee that an extension would be obtained. Furthermore. Deutsche Bank may choose 
not to seek an extension if doing so would, in Deutsche Bank's view, lead to certain adverse consequences to Deutsche 
Bank. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner. the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti-money laundering steps. Where the General Partner. the Second 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor must indemnify the Fund against any loss 
suffered. 
Existing and Potential Regulation of Placement Agents and Political Contributions 
Investors should be informed that US state and local governments, and their related public investment systems (e.g., 
public retirement and pension systems) have adopted or may adopt regulations and policies, respectively, targeting the 
use of placement agents (including intemal marketing and investor relations personnel) when marketing investment 
opportunities and advisory services to such entities, and the payment of political contributions in connection with 
marketing funds and services. Although these regulations may include exceptions for the Manager. the General Partner. 
the Second GP, their respective advisers whose primary responsibilities are investment management, for the use of 
external placement agents registered as broker-dealers with the SEC and the US Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority, or where other criteria are satisfied, there can be no assurance that the Manager, the General Partner, the 
Second GP and/or their respective advisers or personnel will qualify for such exceptions. If Interests are sold to public 
investment systems in jurisdictions subject to placement agent and/or political contribution regulations. and/or to public 
investment systems that have their own placement agent, solicitation. and political contribution policies and related 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108876 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255060 
EFTA01451999

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452000.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
disclosure requirements, the Manager, the General Partner, the Second GP and/or their respective advisers and/or 
personnel may be required to register as placement agents, lobbyists, or other designation, comply with specific 
reporting requirements, and/or conform to certain conduct restrictions and guidelines. It is likely that such registration and 
associated reporting and compliance requirements will increase the costs and expenses associated with operating the 
Fund and may prevent the Manager, the General Partner, the Second GP and their respective advisers from operating 
the Fund and attracting investors in the manner and on the terms envisaged in this Memorandum. The Manager, the 
General Partner, the Second GP or their respective advisers or personnel's failure to comply with applicable state or local 
government regulations could also subject them to civil and/or criminal fines and/or penalties, or make contracts with the 
Fund voidable. 
Similarly, public investment systems have retained and may reserve the right to cease funding drawdown by, and 
withdraw from, the Fund and/or pursue other remedies as a result of the Manager, the General Partner, the Second GP. 
their respective advisers or their personnel's failure to satisfy their obligations under state and local law or to adhere to an 
investors existing or prospective policies. An investors exercise of its withdrawal rights on the basis of the Fund's non-
compliance with state or local regulations or with its own policies could result in other investors in the Fund being 
required to fund additional drawdowns by the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts. targeted returns, illustrative returns, estimates, objectives, beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
may be materially different from the forward looking information. 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108877 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255061 
EFTA01452000

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452001.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Section 9: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108878 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255062 
EFTA01452001

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452002.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108879 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255063 
EFTA01452002

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452003.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
The Manager and its affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of investment activities. In the future, there may arise 
instances where the interests of the Manager and its affiliates conflict with the interests of Investors or with those of other 
parties to the contemplated transactions. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager and their affiliates to identity and manage all such conflicts of interest The 
General Partner and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential significant conflicts of interest. methods of valuation and certain other matters in accordance with the 
Fund Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been advised by counsel that 
disclosure of such potential or actual conflict of interest is. or may reasonably be. prohibited for regulatory or legal 
reasons (in which case, where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be 
consummated). 
Subject to any special requirements for dealing with particular conflicts of interest outlined below, any actual or potential 
conflicts of interest of the Manager or DB PE which relate to the Fund will be discussed and resolved on a case-by-case 
basis. 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of the conflicts of interest described. Any 
restrictions on the activities of DB PE and its personnel described herein and/or set out in the Fund Documents may not 
apply to any other business lines, teams or groups within Deutsche Bank. 
Investors can check the following website for updates to the Deutsche Bank conflicts of interest policies: 
https://www.db.conVen/contentkonflicts_of interest_policy.htm 
Part A — Conflicts of interest relating to Deutsche Bank 
It is intended that if material issues involving actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund and 
the interests of Deutsche Bank and/or DB PE are identified. such issues will be referred by the General Partner or the 
Manager, if appropriate. to the Fund Advisory Committee, unless the General Partner or the Manager has been advised 
by counsel that disclosure of such conflicts or potential conflicts is. or is reasonably likely to be. prohibited for regulatory 
or legal reasons (in which case. where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved. the applicable transaction may not 
be consummated), or as otherwise set out in the Fund Documents. However, the Manager will not be able to control 
actions by its affiliates, which may have an adverse effect on the Fund. 
The following is not an exhaustive list of potential conflicts associated with the other activities of Deutsche Bank, and 
there is no assurance that investments made by Deutsche Bank or its clients will not adversely affect investments of the 
Fund. 
Deutsche Bank's other activities and investments 
Deutsche Bank is a global financial institution. of which DB PE is a part. Deutsche Bank, together with its affiliates. 
officers. employees and agents. is engaged on a worldwide basis in a broad spectrum of investment and financial 
activities, including, without limitation, wholesale and retail banking. lending. equity investing, financial and merger and 
acquisition advisory, underwriting, investment management. asset management, brokerage, trustee. custodial and 
similar activities. In the course of engaging in these activities. Deutsche Bank is and may in the future be a competitor of 
the Fund. and its interests may conflict with the interests of the Fund and its Investors. These conflicts could include, 
among other things, instances where Deutsche Bank is an investor (or clients of Deutsche Bank are engaged) in 
competing private equity investments or in other private equity investments. Deutsche Bank will be under no obligation 
to refer such opportunities to the Fund or refrain from investing in them or referring them to other clients. In the event 
Conhdential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108880 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255064 
EFTA01452003

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452004.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Bank Group may become aware will be offered to the Fund, nor is there any assurance that suitable assets will not be 
acquired by other investment platforms sponsored, managed or advised by DB PE. Deutsche Bank. any of its affiliates or 
by clients of the Deutsche Bank Group. 
In order to assure a fair and equitable allocation of investment opportunities among investment platforms. including the 
Fund. DB PE may allocate investment opportunities among investment platforms in accordance with allocation policies 
and procedures that are designed to allocate investments fairly on an investment-by-investment basis. These policies 
and procedures are based on the applicable investment guidelines of such investment platforms. portfolio diversification 
requirements and other appropriate factors. The Fund may only be part of an allocation for investment opportunities 
determined to be within the bounds of the Fund's investment objectives. Conflicts may arise in determining whether a 
potential investment meets the investment objectives of the Fund or other investment platforms. Due to the allocation 
process, some investments that may meet the Fund's investment objectives may be allocated to other investment 
platforms in their entirety or in part on a pro-rated basis. 
In the event that a conflict of interest does arise, the Manager will endeavour to ensure that it is resolved fairly. However, 
there can be no assurance that such conflicts will be resolved favourably to the Fund or that the Fund's investments 
would not be adversely affected. 
Fees for services 
Deutsche Bank and its affiliates may be retained and remunerated by the Fund for the provision of financial advisory, 
debt structuring, placement, underwriting, and other investment banking services or trading activities, or other services of 
the type typically provided by third parties. In addition, the Deutsche Bank Group may receive investment banking or 
other fees from portfolio companies or other parties involved in transactions in which the Fund invests. The Fund will not 
participate in any such fees. and, subject to the Fund Partnership Agreement, such fees will not be offset against or 
applied to reduce the General Partner's Share otherwise payable. 
Transactions between the Fund and Deutsche Bank 
The Fund may. under certain circumstances, be offered an opportunity to make an investment in connection with a 
transaction in which Deutsche Bank, any of its affiliates or any of their respective clients is expected to participate or in a 
company in which Deutsche Bank, any of its affiliates or any of their respective clients has already made, or concurrently 
will make, an investment. In connection with such investments. the Fund. each of the DB Secondaries Funds. and any 
entity in the Deutsche Bank Group may have conflicting interests and investment objectives. In certain circumstances, 
the Fund's investment may be the investment that is necessary to consummate the transaction. The Fund may also face 
conflicts of interest in connection with any purchase or sale transactions (involving an investment by the Fund) with 
Deutsche Bank. any of its affiliates or any of their respective clients, including with respect to the consideration payable 
to. and the obligations of, Deutsche Bank. any such affiliate or any such client. Conflicts may also arise in cases where 
the Fund may make an investment, the proceeds of which are used to liquidate an investment of Deutsche Bank, any of 
its affiliates or any of their respective clients. In doing so. the Fund would reduce or eliminate the exposure of Deutsche 
Bank. any such affiliate or any such client but would increase the Fund's and its Investors' exposure. Finally, in 
connection with the disposition of any investment by the Fund, the Fund may sell such investment to an entity in the 
Deutsche Bank Group. Any such disposition may, in turn, give rise to conflicting interests between the Fund and such 
Deutsche Bank Group entity. 
Entities within the Deutsche Bank Group may refer investment opportunities to the Fund. Any fees payable to such an 
entity for the referral of an investment opportunity will not be borne by the Fund, except where approved by the Fund 
Advisory Committee. 
Debt workouts 
If an underlying fund invests in an entity in which the Fund or any entity within the Deutsche Bank Group holds 
investments. or to which either the Fund or any entity within the Deutsche Bank Group has made loans, and such entity 
encounters financial problems, decisions over the terms of any workout will raise conflicts of interest (including conflicts 
Conbdential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108882 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255066 
EFTA01452004

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452005.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
over proposed waivers and amendments to debt covenants). For example. a debt holder may be better served by a 
liquidation of the issuer in which it will be paid in full. whereas an equity holder might prefer a reorganisation that could 
create value for the equity holders. 
Brokerage activities 
Entities within the Deutsche Bank Group will be authorised to engage in transactions in which Deutsche Bank or any of 
its affiliates acts as a broker for the Fund and for another person who is a counterparty in the transaction. In any such 
event, Deutsche Bank or any of its affiliates may receive commissions from, and have potentially conflicting divisions of 
loyalties and responsibilities regarding, both parties to these types of transactions. 
Securities transactions 
The Fund may enter into transactions in loans, securities, derivative instruments or other investments in which an entity 
within the Deutsche Bank Group serves as the counterparty, principal or agent. Deutsche Bank or any of its affiliates 
may, from time to time, act as principal for its own account in connection with investment transactions by the Fund, 
including selling securities as principal to, and buying securities as principal from, the Fund. Deutsche Bank or any such 
affiliate may retain any profits that it may make in any such transaction. The Fund may also execute the purchase and 
sale of securities through Deutsche Bank or any of its affiliates as agent and may pay commissions to Deutsche Bank or 
any of its affiliates. Deutsche Bank or any such affiliate may retain any commissions, remuneration, or other profits 
which may be made in any such transaction. The Fund is unable to predict the volume of such transactions that may be 
effected. 
Part B — Conflicts of interest relating to DB Private Equity and the Fund 
Management of the Fund 
The Manager (and its respective affiliates and team members) will devote such time to the management of the Fund as 
each, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to carry out the operations of the Fund effectively. The Manager may, in 
addition to the Secondary Team, instruct individuals from across the DB PE platform to assist with the Fund's investment 
activities and to serve on the Investment Committee. The Manager and its team members, including members of the 
Investment Committee who are part of the Secondary Team, may also work on projects for its affiliates, Deutsche Bank 
and other investment platforms and conflicts of interest may arise in allocating management time, services or functions 
among such affiliates, Deutsche Bank and other investment platforms. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Members of the management team of DB PE may invest personal funds directly or indirectly into the Fund or through 
other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions may be influenced by the presence of their investment, and 
may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain members of the Secondary Team and certain affiliates of Deutsche Bank to receive the 
economic benefit of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create an incentive for the Manager 
to make more speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make in the absence of such 
Carried Interest. The existence of Carried Interest may result in conflicts of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be the case in the absence of performance-
Confrdential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108863 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255067 
EFTA01452005

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452006.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
based compensation, or to take action that may increase the short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund and the interests of Deutsche Bank and/or DB 
PE (unless the General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure of such conflicts or potential 
conflicts is. or is reasonably likely to be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in which case, where the conflict 
cannot be satisfactorily resolved. the applicable transaction may not be consummated). The Fund Advisory Committee 
will be comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any duties to other Investors. whether 
individually or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108884 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255068 
EFTA01452006

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452007.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108885 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255069 
EFTA01452007

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452008.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108886 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255070 
EFTA01452008

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452009.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108887 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255071 
EFTA01452009

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452010.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFMD 
Authorisation of the Manager 
The following sections of this Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations of this Memorandum make 
reference to the Manager being authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority to the extent required by the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive and its implementing legislation in the UK (the 'AIFM Authorisation') 
and its steps to comply with obligations arising therefrom. Although the Manager has applied for the AIFM Authonsation, 
as of the date of this Memorandum, the Manager has not yet received the AIFM Authorisation. 
Valuation 
The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance with The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 
on a fair value principle, based on US GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 820 Fair Value 
Measurement. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritises sources and valuation techniques. Accordingly 
the Fund will be valued at an 'exit price' which is the value that would be received on selling the investment in an orderly 
transaction, between market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a Valuation Committee to 
perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant investment specialists, together with acquisition 
information that has been gathered to understand each individual Investment. The Valuation Committee comprises of 
individuals not directly associated with the Fund, such as the responsible finance manager, the DB PE Chief Financial 
Officer and the DB PE Chief Operating Officer. Given the inherent challenges of establishing valuations for illiquid 
investments, periodic reviews and detailed assessments of the underlying investments will be undertaken to ensure the 
Valuation Committee has a sufficient understanding to reasonably assess and ensure the information they are provided 
with is fair and accurate. The Valuation Committee members, its terms of reference and the Manager's valuation policy 
will be periodically assessed and internally audited to ensure compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 9: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies established by Deutsche Bank in relation to 
conflicts of interest For example, DB PE may sponsor or advise various investment vehicles, including separate 
accounts. (together with the Fund, the 'Investment Platforms"), some of which may have overlapping investment 
strategies and investment committee members with those of the Fund. DB PE will allocate investment opportunities 
among the Investment Platforms on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable investment guidelines of such Investment Platforms. 
portfolio diversification requirements and other appropriate factors. 
In addition, as described more fully in Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions, the Manager has a clear and 
defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement which would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such Limited Partner vis-à-vis the 
other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited Partner will require the consent of the affected Limited 
Partner. 
Liquidity management 
The investment strategy of the Fund is aligned to the liquidity profile of the Fund and the redemption parameters. Except 
in extraordinary and very limited circumstances, Limited Partners will not have the ability to withdraw from the Fund or 
redeem their Interests. As such, the Manager does not propose to adopt a liquidity management system and procedures 
as described in the AIFMD given that the liquidity is naturally aligned to that of the Investors due to the Fund being 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108888 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255072 
EFTA01452010

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452011.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III: LP 
closed-ended and the investment strategy focussing on illiquid private equity investments. 
Manager's professional liability risk 
The Manager will cover its professional liability risks through the provision of own funds in accordance with the AIFMD. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, established under the laws of England and Wales. The Fund Partnership 
Agreement will be governed by English law and all parties to the agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of 
England and Wales have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Fund Partnership Agreement and the documents to be entered into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English limited partnership and will become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement constituting 
the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited partners and will not be certificated but will be recorded on the 
register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day 
operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is actionable in England. To enforce that obligation. an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England. in which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognised by the English courts it must, inter alia. be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English law as competent to do so. its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy and it must not have been obtained by fraud. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets 
which are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
Any changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ on behalf 
of the Fund as well as any right of the reuse of 
collateral or any guarantee granted under the 
leveraging arrangement. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
the Fund. 
Not applicable. 
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
Partner. 
In each annual report. 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
In each annual report. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255073 
DB-SDNY-0108889 
EFTA01452011

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452012.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal: ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III: LP 
Depositary Agreement 
State Street Trustees Limited, in its capacity as the Fund's depositary, (the 'Depositary') has been appointed as the 
depositary for the Fund in compliance with the requirements of the AIFMD as further described in the depositary 
agreement, to be entered into at or around the date of the First Closing, among the Depositary, the Manager and the 
Fund (the "Depositary Agreement"). 
In consideration for the services to be performed by the Depositary, the Fund will pay to the Depositary such fees as 
agreed between the Fund and the Depositary and for which the Depositary will provide monthly invoices. 
It is intended that title to the Fund's assets will ordinarily be registered directly in the name of the Fund and that the Fund 
will not invest in financial instruments that are required to be held in custody within the meaning of Article 21(8)(a) of the 
AIFMD. As such, the Depositary does not envisage delegating any safekeeping function with respect to the Fund's 
assets or entering into any arrangement to contractually discharge itself of liability in accordance with Article 21(13) of 
the AIFMD (as transposed into UK law). Notwithstanding such intention, there is the possibility that applicable law or 
regulations from time to time in force may require title to some or all of the Fund's assets to be registered in the name of 
the Depositary or its delegates. In either such event. the Depositary may wish to delegate its safekeeping function with 
respect to such asset(s) to one or more sub-custodians and may wish to enter an arrangement to contractually discharge 
itself of liability. Investors will be informed of any arrangement for the Depositary to contractually discharge itself of 
liability, and any increase to the depositary fees being charged as a result, in accordance with the disclosure 
requirements under the AIFMD. 
The liability of the Depositary will, in principle, not be affected by any delegation(s) of its custody function and the 
Depositary will be liable to the Fund or its investors for the loss of financial instruments held in custody by the Depositary 
or a third party to whom the custody of financial instruments has been delegated. The Depositary may discharge its 
responsibility in case of a loss of a financial instrument (i) in the event it can prove that the loss has arisen as a result of 
an external event beyond its reasonable control, the consequences of which would have been unavoidable despite all 
reasonable efforts to the contrary; (ii) where it has contractually discharged its responsibility in compliance with article 
21(13) of the AIFMD; or (iii) where the laws of a third country require that certain financial instruments be held by a local 
entity and there are no local entities that satisfy the delegation requirements of article 21(11) of the AIFMD and the 
conditions set out under article 21(14) of the AIFMD are met. The Depositary will be liable to the Fund for any loss or 
liability incurred by the Fund as a direct consequence of the Depositary's negligence or intentional failure to properly fulfil 
its obligations pursuant to the AIFMD. In the absence of negligent or intentional failure to properly fulfil such obligations, 
the Depositary will not be liable to the Fund or any other person with respect to any act or omission in connection with 
the services provided under the Depositary Agreement. Under no circumstances will the Depositary be liable to the Fund 
or any other person for indirect or consequential damages or losses arising out of or in connection with the performance 
or non-performance by the Depositary of its duties and obligations. 
Under the Depositary Agreement, the Fund undertakes to indemnify the Depositary, its directors, officers, employees and 
agents and hold the Depositary, its directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from and against all expenses, 
claims, damages, losses. commitments, costs. disbursements, taxes and other liabilities incurred or suffered by the 
Depositary resulting directly or indirectly from the Depositary carrying out its obligations under the Depositary Agreement, 
except to the extent the Depositary is expressly stated to be liable pursuant to the terms of the Depositary Agreement. 
The Depositary Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales and may be terminated by either party giving 
to the other not less than one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days' notice in writing (or in certain other circumstances 
as specified in the Depositary Agreement). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as of the date of this Memorandum, State Street Trustees Limited has not yet been 
formally appointed to act as the Depositary. 
Administration Agreement 
State Street Bank and Trust Company, in its capacity as the Fund's fund administrator, (the °Administrator) has been 
appointed as the fund administrator for the Fund pursuant to the terms of the administrative services agreement, to be 
entered into at or around the date of the First Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund (the 'Administration 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108890 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255074 
EFTA01452012

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452013.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal: ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III: LP 
Agreement'). 
In consideration for the services to be performed by the Administrator, the Fund will pay to the Administrator such fees as 
agreed between the Fund and the Administrator. In addition. the Administrator will be paid certain fixed fees for the 
preparation of financial reports and investor services. account maintenance and investor transaction fees, in each case 
charged at normal commercial rates as set out in the Administration Agreement and payable monthly in arrears. 
The Administrator will be without liability for any loss, liability, claim or expense suffered or incurred by the Fund, the 
General Partner, or the Manager except to the extent caused solely by its own fraud, gross negligence or wilful 
misconduct or that of its agents or employees and in particular (but without limitation) the Administrator will not be liable 
for any loss or damage which may be sustained in the holding or sale of any investment in the Fund. 
The Fund will indemnify and hold harmless and keep the Administrator indemnified out of the assets of the Fund against 
all actions. proceedings. claims and demands (including reasonably and properly incurred costs and expenses incidental 
thereto) which may be made against, suffered or incurred by the Administrator in respect of any loss or damage suffered 
by any party in connection with the performance by the Administrator of its duties otherwise than to the extent directly 
caused by the Administrator or any of its personnel's fraud. gross negligence or wilful misconduct under the 
Administration Agreement. 
The Administration Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and may be terminated by either party 
giving to the other not less than one hundred eighty (180) calendar days' notice in writing (or in certain other 
circumstances as specified in the Administration Agreement). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as of the date of this Memorandum, State Street Trustees Limited has not yet been 
formally appointed to act as the Administrator. 
Head Office 
For the purposes of the AIFMD, the head office of the Fund shall be the Manager's office. 
Securities law matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any other US or non-US securities laws, 
including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered and sold without registration in reliance upon the 
exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the US only to US Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement representations, including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the Securities Act and any applicable state or non-
US securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Disclosure under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D of the Securities Act. Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D of the 
Securities Act, certain events under Rule 506(d) of Regulation D that occurred before September 23, 2013 are required 
to be disclosed to Investors. Pursuant to this disclosure requirement, please note the following: 
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and regulatory investigations into research 
and analysts practices. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ('DBSI') reached a settlement agreement with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New York 
Attorney General, and with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108891 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255075 
EFTA01452013

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452014.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
the terms of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million. 
Further, in December of 2006, Deutsche Asset Management DA Management') settled proceedings with the New York 
Attorney General and the Illinois Security Department on behalf of Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. and 
Deutsche Asset Management. Inc. regarding allegations of improper market-timing trading at DA Management. and at 
the legacy Scudder and Kemper organizations prior to their acquisition by DA Management. in April 2002. Under the 
terms of the settlements. DA Management agreed to pay a total of $128.3 million. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act"), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally. these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchasers interest in the securities, and any contracts. arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances, the Fund may be required to aggregate its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, together with such other parties. to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organised outside the US and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the US. will not be required to register under the Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the Fund 
will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Fund will rely on the exemptions 
contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 3(c)(7) excludes 
from the definition of investment company issuers whose outstanding securities are owned exclusively by "qualified 
purchasers", as defined under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the staff of the SEC 
in respect of a non-US fund, such as the Fund, to require that only the US Investors therein must be qualified 
purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and undertakings from US Investors to ensure that the 
conditions of these exemptions are met 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the US to Investors other than US persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Ad) and US residents in offshore transactions that meet the requirements of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (an "Eligible Non-US Investor") or (ii) to Investors whose participation would not 
require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act (an 
'Eligible US Investor) (Eligible Non-US Investors and Eligible US Investors. together, `Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject to certain restrictions, and an Investors ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ati initio and will not be honoured by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of an Interest held by or on behalf of a US 
person who is not an Eligible US Investor at the time it purchases such Interest to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108892 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255076 
EFTA01452014

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452015.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal: ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III: LP 
Certain Investors. including Deutsche Bank (to the extent Deutsche Bank or any of its affiliates is able to make an 
investment in the Fund in accordance with applicable law, including the Volcker Rule). may be subject to the BHC Act. 
and thus may be required to limit their ownership or voting participation in certain circumstances. Special provisions will 
be provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement to assist such Investors in remaining compliant with the relevant 
provisions of the BHC Act and the regulations implementing the BHC Act, and interpretations of such statutory and 
regulatory provisions. 
Further, as described in greater detail above, the operations of the Fund may be affected by the relevant provisions of 
the BHC Act and the related rules and regulations. As described above, Dodd-Frank Act amended the BHC Act, 
including by incorporating the Volcker Rule's restrictions and limitations on banking organisations like Deutsche Bank 
sponsoring and investing in private equity funds. Many provisions of the BHC Act, including the Volcker Rule, have yet to 
be implemented by regulatory agencies, a process that is expected to continue over the next several years. The Dodd-
Frank Acts amendments to the BHC Act and the various implementing regulations could adversely affect the ability of 
the Fund to make certain investments, likely will restrict investment in the Fund by Deutsche Bank and other banking 
organisations and may prohibit or limit certain other transactions between the Fund and Deutsche Bank and the 
Manager. 
US Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the Manager does not imply any specific level of skill or training nor does it imply any endorsement, 
approval or certification of the Manager by the SEC. 
US Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
The Manager (as defined herein) has previously submitted to the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC') 
a notice of claim of fund of funds no-action relief pursuant to CFTC No-Action Letter No. 12-38 dated November 29, 2012 
(the -CFTC No-Action Letter') in respect of certain other funds managed by the Manager. The CFTC No-Action Letter 
permits a commodity pool operator (*CPO") of a fund of funds to treat funds that meet the requirements of the CFTC No-
Action Letter as exempt pools for purposes of CFTC registration requirements until the date that is six months following 
the date that the Division of Swap Dealer and Intermediary Oversight of the CFTC issues revised guidance (the 'Further 
Guidance") on the application of the de minimis thresholds under CFTC rule 4.13(a)(3) (or the compliance date stated in 
the Further Guidance, if later). Although the CFTC No-Action Letter required that claims for relief thereunder be made 
prior to December 31, 2012, CFTC staff have provided informal guidance that the relief under the CFTC No-Action Letter 
can continue to be claimed pending the release of such Further Guidance. Accordingly, the Manager intends to claim 
similar relief under the CFTC No-Action Letter in respect of its operation of the Fund. 
Following the release of the Further Guidance. the Manager will review such Further Guidance and determine available 
options with respect to the operation of the Fund in accordance with CFTC regulations. Depending on the content of the 
Further Guidance, the Manager may file with the National Futures Association (the 'NFA") notices of exemption from 
registration with the CFTC as a CPO with respect to the Fund pursuant to CFTC rule 4.13(a)(3). On the basis of the 
Managers claim for relief under the CFTC No-Action Letter (and. if applicable at a later time, as a result of the Managers 
reliance on the rule 4.13(a)(3) exemption from registration as a CPO). the Manager would not be required to deliver a 
CFTC disclosure document to Investors, nor would it be required to provide Limited Partners with certified annual reports 
that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules applicable to registered CPOs. In addition, by virtue of its claim for relief 
under the CFTC No-Action Letter (and, if applicable at a later time, its reliance on CFTC rule 4.13(aX3)). the Manager 
would be exempt pursuant to CFTC rule 4.14(a)(5) from registration with the CFTC as a commodity trading advisor 
("CTA") with respect to advice that it provides to the Fund, and as such will not be required to satisfy certain disclosure 
and other requirements under CFTC rules. The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon 
the adequacy or accuracy of an offering memorandum. Consequently. the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this 
offering or this Memorandum. 
In such circumstances, the Manager would seek to qualify for the exemption under CFTC rule 4.13(aX3) (and. 
correlatively, the exemption under CFTC rule 4.14(a)(5)) with respect to the Fund on the basis that (a) interests in the 
Fund are exempt from registration under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended and are offered and sold without 
Conhdential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108893 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255077 
EFTA01452015

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452016.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
marketing to the public in the US. (b) participation in the Fund is limited to accredited investors or qualified eligible 
purchasers and (c) each of the Fund's direct or indirect investments in commodity interest positions are limited such that 
either (1) the aggregate initial margin, premiums and, for retail FOREX transactions (as defined in 17 CFR 5.1(m)), 
required minimum security deposit to establish such positions, determined at the time the most recent position is 
established. will not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the portfolio after taking into account unrealised profits and 
unrealised losses on any such positions it has entered into or (2) the aggregate net notional value of such positions. 
determined at the time the most recent position is established, will not exceed 100% of the liquidation value of the 
portfolio, after taking into account unrealised profits and unrealised losses on any such positions it has entered into. 
If the Manager relies on the exemption from CPO registration under CFTC rule 4.13(aft3), an Investor that has a 25% or 
greater interest in the Fund and that owns or controls commodity futures or futures option contracts subject to CFTC 
position limits would be required to aggregate such positions, for CFTC position limit purposes, with any direct or indirect 
positions of the Fund in such contracts. In the future, similar aggregation requirements will be applicable to positions in 
certain swaps that are economically equivalent to commodity futures and futures options positions. Investors should 
consult their own legal advisors with respect to the potential application of position aggregation and reporting 
requirements to their ownership or control of commodity interest contracts. 
Certain ERISA considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the US Department of Labor (*DOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their legal advisers. 
This Memorandum is not intended or written to be used, and it cannot be used, by any taxpayer for the purpose of 
avoiding penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer under US federal income tax law. This Memorandum was 
written to support the promotion or marketing of the Fund. Each taxpayer should seek advice based on the taxpayer's 
particular circumstances from an independent tax adviser. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorising an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
standards under ERISA; (ii) whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA. including whether the investment is prudent in light of limitations on the marketability of the Interests; (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA; and (iv) whether the investment will give rise to a -prohibited 
transaction' within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the 'Code). In analysing the prudence of an investment in the Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a *publicly offered security nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, the assets of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that (i) ownership of each class of equity interest in the entity by "Benefit Plan Investors' (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 25% of the total value of such class of equity interest then outstanding, 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the '25% Test"): or (ii) the entity is an 'operating company.' including 
a 'venture capital operating company". The term Benefit Plan Investor means: (i) an *employee benefit plan" within the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108894 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255078 
EFTA01452016

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452017.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of ERISA; (ii) a 'plan, account or arrangement" within 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code; and (iii) any entity whose underlying assets include 'plan 
assets' by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g.. an entity of which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not satisfy any exception under the DOL regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets (or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute 'plan assets" for purposes of ERISA. In this connection, the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required to report on Form 5500 Annual Retum/Report 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried interest set forth in Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 'eligible indirect compensation' for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: This Memorandum was not intended or written to be used, and it cannot be used 
by any taxpayer, for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer under US federal 
tax law. This Memorandum was written to support the promotion or marketing of the Fund. Each taxpayer 
should seek advice based on the taxpayer's particular circumstances from an independent tax adviser. 
Certain US federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain US federal income tax considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the US federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on laws, including the Code, regulations and other 
authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive 
effect. The US federal income taxation of partnerships and partners is extremely complex, involving, among other things. 
significant issues as to the character, timing of realisation and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors are urged to 
consult their own tax advisers prior to investing in the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the 
case of Investors subject to special rules under US federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities, life 
insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and non-US Investors), with reference to any special issues that investment 
in the Fund may raise for such persons. The activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor in 
the Fund may affect the tax consequences to such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for US federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to US federal income tax. Instead, each Investor that 
is subject to US tax will be required to take into account its distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each item of 
the Fund's income, gain, loss, deduction or credit. It is possible that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising from the 
Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors with the 
information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to file their US federal income tax retums. However. 
Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and may need 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108895 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255079 
EFTA01452017

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452018.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal: ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III: LP 
to file for extensions. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are US corporations will not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-US 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-
US corporations treated as 'passive foreign investment companies" (4 PFICs"). 
A US Investors share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest charge and could be characterised as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a US Investor (or, in the case of a US Fund Secondary, such 
US Fund Secondary) makes a 'qualified electing fund' ("QEF') election with respect to a PFIC, the US Investor would in 
general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's current income and net capital gains (losses are 
not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and ordinary income treatment described above. A OEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognised by a US Investor, and in particular may result 
in a US Investor recognising income subject to tax prior to the receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. There 
can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or indirectly 
invests. US Investors may be required to file an annual report with respect to any investment made by the Fund 
(including indirectly through a Fund Secondary) that is treated as a PFIC. 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-US 
corporations treated as 'controlled foreign corporations" ("CFCs'). A US Investor could have current inclusions of certain 
undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund of an 
interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a CFC could be characterised as a dividend or ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations, 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and source rules for US federal income tax purposes. 
Restrictions on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as 'miscellaneous itemised deductions", rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) may not be permitted to claim, or may be limited in claiming, a 
US federal income tax deduction for such expenses. In the case of investments in limited liability companies and other 
entities treated as partnerships for US federal income tax purposes that are engaged in trade or business ("Operating 
Partnerships'), the 'passive activity loss" and 'at-risk' rules could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such 
investments and the portion of the Fund's expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organisational 
expenses rateably over 15 years, or it may elect to capitalise such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering 
expenses, including placement fees. A non-corporate taxpayer is not permitted to deduct 'investment interest' expense 
in excess of -net investment income." This limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-
corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to finance its investment in the Fund or the deductibility of its share of 
interest expense (if any) of the Fund. Deductions and losses arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited 
or disallowed under other rules. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. Certain organisations generally exempt from US federal income 
tax, including ERISA plans, are subject to the tax on unrelated business taxable income ('UBTI"). UBTI arises primarily 
as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried on, income from property as to which there is acquisition 
indebtedness and certain insurance income received from or attributable to CFCs. 
The Manager anticipates that in order for the Fund to pursue certain investment opportunities. the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108896 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255080 
EFTA01452018

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452019.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
by the Manager or its affiliates. or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors in whole or in part. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential tax-exempt Investors. the Fund 
may offer a "blacker" structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-US Investors. Below is a discussion of certain US federal income tax considerations applicable to a non-resident 
alien individual or non-US corporation that is considering an investment in the Fund and does not purport to address all 
of the US federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular Investor. This discussion does not 
address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to non-US Investors subject to special rules under US federal 
income tax laws, such as non-US governments. trusts, former US citizens or residents, and individual non-US Investors 
that have a 'tax home' in the US. Non-US Investors are urged to consult with their own tax advisers with reference to 
their specific tax situations. The discussion assumes that a non-US Investor is not and will not be engaged in a trade or 
business within the US, has and will have no US source income, other than as a result of its investment in the Fund, and 
in the case of a non-US individual, has not been (and will not be) present in the US for 183 days or more in any taxable 
year. 
Interest, dividends. etc. A non-US Investor is subject to US federal withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any US source interest (subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-US person that invests in a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for US federal income tax purposes) "engaged in 
trade or business within the United States" is itself considered to be engaged in trade or business within the US and is 
subject to US federal income tax (including, possibly, in the case of a non-US corporation, the "branch profits' tax). 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the US trade or business (*ECI'). A non-US person that fails to file a timely US federal 
income tax return in respect of its ECI may subsequently be precluded from claiming deductions related to the ECI and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain investment opportunities. it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
ECI. In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is engaged in trade or business within the US. the 
following may be considered ECI to a non-US Investor: 
■ the non-US Investor's share of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit derived from the investment 
(whether or not distributed) as determined under US federal income tax rules (including interest allocation rules) 
generally applicable to non-US persons (which may produce a result different from merely applying US tax rates to 
the non-US Investors share of the net income of the Operating Partnership); 
■ the non-US Investors share of any gain realised by the Fund upon the disposition of the investment; and 
■ the portion of any gain realised by the non-US Investor upon the disposition of its Interest that is attributable to the 
investment. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be considered ECI to non-US Investors 
in whole or in part. 
A non-US Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a maximum rate of 35% for a non-US corporation and 
39.6% for a non-US individual. It is possible that in any given year the tax withheld on ECI with respect to a non-US 
Investor may be in excess of that Investors US federal income tax liability for the year. In such event, the non-US 
Investor would be entitled to a refund of the overpayment. 
A non-US corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits tax on its ECI. The branch profits tax is a tax 
on the "dividend equivalent amount' of a non-US corporation, which is approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's earnings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated as reinvested in the US. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum US federal income tax rate on ECI from 35% to 54.5%. Some US income tax 
treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced rates of. the branch profits tax for 'qualified residents" of the treaty country. 
The branch profits tax is payable by the non-US Investor and not collected by way of withholding. If sufficient interest is 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
102 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108897 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255081 
EFTA01452019

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452020.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
indicated by potential non-US Investors, the Fund may offer a 'blocker" structure through which such Investors may 
invest in the Fund. 
US real property holding corporations. If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in stock 
or certain other securities of a US corporation that constituted a "United States real property holding corporation* 
("USRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-US Investor from the disposition of such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. 
Certain US Investors will be required to file Form 8865. Return of US Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign 
Partnerships, reporting transfers of cash or other property to the Fund and information relating to the Fund. including 
information relating to the Investors Interest and allocations of the items of Fund income, gains, losses. deductions and 
credits to the Investor and, in some circumstances, the names and addresses of certain of the other Investors. A US 
Investor may be required to file Form 926. Return by a US Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting 
certain transfers of cash or other property to foreign corporations. In addition, certain US Investors may be required to 
disclose on Form 8938. Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets. information with respect to their Interest. 
Investors that fail to comply with these reporting requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If US federal tax rules relating to "reportable transactions" are applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments), Investors that are required to file US federal income tax returns (and. 
in some cases. certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain Investors) would be required to disclose to the US 
Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain 
documents and other records related thereto. Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an 
Interest is a reportable transaction, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, 
an Interest could become a reportable transaction for Investors in the future. for example if the Fund generates certain 
types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction 
undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on 
taxpayers who fail to comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt Investors) that are, directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Foreign account tax compliance. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code ("FATCA") generally 
impose a 30% withholding tax regime with respect to (i) certain US source income (including interest and dividends) and 
gross proceeds from any sale or other disposition after December 31, 2016. of property that can produce US source 
interest or dividends ("withholdable payments") and (ii) "passthru payments" (generally, withholdable payments and 
payments that are attributable to withholdable payments) made by foreign financial institutions ('FFIs'). As a general 
matter. FATCA was designed to require US persons' direct and indirect ownership of certain non-US accounts and non-
US entities to be reported to the IRS. The application of the FATCA withholding rules will be phased in beginning July 1. 
2014. with withholding on foreign passthru payments made by FFIs taking effect no earlier than 2017. 
The US has entered into bilateral agreements with respect to FATCA ("IGAs") with both the United Kingdom and the 
Cayman Islands. which adopt a government-to-government approach to reporting FATCA information. An FFI that 
satisfies the eligibility, information reporting and other requirements of an applicable IGA generally is not subject to the 
regular FATCA reporting and withholding obligations discussed below. Instead, the FFI generally would report FATCA 
information to the local tax authorities, who in tum will report such information to the IRS. However. it is not clear 
whether either of these IGAs would apply to the Fund. In particular, no implementing legislation. regulations or other 
guidance relating to the IGA entered into between the United States and the Cayman Islands (the 'Cayman IGA") has 
yet been promulgated by the government of the Cayman Islands. Rules implementing the Cayman IGA may change 
whether the Cayman IGA applies to the Fund and how FATCA information will be reported under the Cayman IGA. As a 
result, the following discussion assumes that the Fund will not be subject to an IGA. 
Under FATCA, withholdable payments and passthru payments made to the Fund generally will be subject to a 30% 
withholding tax unless an agreement (an "FFI Agreement') is in effect between the Fund (or the Manager or one of its 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
103 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108898 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255082 
EFTA01452020

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452021.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
affiliates on behalf of the Fund) and the IRS. An FFI Agreement would require the Fund (or the Manager or one of its 
affiliates on behalf of the Fund) to report to the IRS information about its US Investors and certain US persons that 
indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-US Investor. and to comply with other reporting, verification, due 
diligence and other procedures established by the IRS. including a requirement to seek waivers of non-US laws that 
would prevent the reporting of such information. The IRS may terminate the FFI Agreement if the IRS notifies the Fund 
that it is out of compliance with the FFI Agreement and the Fund does not remediate the compliance failure. Under the 
Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to provide such information and comply with such procedures 
as required for the Fund to comply with an FFI Agreement, including in the case of a non-US Investor, to provide 
information regarding certain US direct and indirect owners of the Investor. The failure of an Investor to comply with 
these requirements may also result in adverse consequences applying to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. Although it is expected that an application to enter into an FFI Agreement will be submitted to the IRS on 
behalf of the Fund, no assurance can be given that the Fund will be able to satisfy the conditions for entering into and 
complying with an FFI Agreement (for example, if Investors do not provide the required information). 
Even if the Fund is subject to an FFI Agreement. an Investors share of withholdable payments (whether or not 
distributed) and distributions to an Investor that are treated as 'foreign passthru payments" generally will be subject to a 
30% withholding tax (a) if the Investor fails to provide information or take other actions required for the Fund to comply 
with the FFI Agreement including, in the case of a non-US Investor, providing information regarding certain US direct and 
indirect owners of the Investor (and, in certain circumstances. obtaining waivers of non-US law to permit such reporting), 
or (b) if the Investor is an FFI. unless the Investor (i) is subject to an FFI Agreement. (ii) establishes that an exemption 
applies or (iii) is required to comply with FATCA under an applicable IGA. 
An Investor or the Fund may be able to obtain a credit for or refund of any amounts withheld, depending on the Investors 
and the Funds particular situations. FATCA may also apply to certain non-US entities held by or affiliated with the Fund 
if they receive withholdable payments or passthru payments. Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other 
disposition of an interest in a partnership is unclear, it is possible that the gross proceeds of the sale or other disposition 
by an Investor of an Interest will be subject to tax under FATCA. 
The above discussion of FATCA is based in part on recently issued United States Treasury Regulations, which are 
subject to uncertain interpretation and reserve on certain aspects of the FATCA rules that may be relevant to the Fund 
(such as, for example, the definition of 'foreign passthru payment'). Similar FATCA considerations would generally apply 
to any non-US Fund Secondary in which the Fund invests. 
Certain US state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the US state and local tax consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to US state and local taxation, and tax return filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding US state and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things, significant issues as to the character, timing of realisation and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such that it ceases to be one of making 
Conhdential Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108899 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255083 
EFTA01452021

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452022.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterised as a trading rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead, the income and capital gains or losses of the Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose, HM Revenue & Customs generally regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which reflects the Investor's profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or Direct Secondary Investment is itself treated as tax transparent for UK tax purposes (as 
in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look through that investment to its underlying assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part of a trade (e.g.. financial traders. such as 
banks). may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK through a UK representative. which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances, the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investors liability to UK corporation tax or income tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
return correctly and validly, HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax retum a unique taxpayer reference ("UTR') number for each Investor. 
Prospective investors should. therefore, be aware that an investment in the Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue & Customs or (b) provide the General Partner with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns. 
Taxation of UK resident investors 
income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of one-ninth of net dividends paid by UK and (in certain 
cases) non-UK companies and received directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of investments. However, no UK 
resident Investor will be able to obtain a repayment of the tax credit in respect of such dividends. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e.g., debenture interest) received directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an appropriate double tax treaty. 
Under the European Union Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the Taxation of Savings Income each European Union 
member state is required to provide to the tax authorities of another European Union member state details of payments 
of interest or other similar income paid by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected by such a person for, an 
individual resident in that other member state. However, for a transitional period. Austria, Luxembourg and certain 
associated and dependent territories of European Union member states may instead apply a withholding system in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
105 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108900 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255084 
EFTA01452022

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452023.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
relation to such payments. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal proceeds realised on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets amongst the Investors, there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 ( together 
the 'Offshore Fund Rules') may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 'offshore fund". The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as a "reporting fund' or 'non-reporting fund' 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals 
Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily resident individuals should note that, in certain circumstances, gains of non-
UK resident companies in which the Fund has made an investment may be treated as accruing to such individual 
Investors. 
UK resident companies 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be "controlled foreign companies" for UK tax purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealised gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realising profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets, including those which are subject to the loan relationship' 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009, generally on a basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts. 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. An Investors actual share in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies 
Investors who are exempt from UK tax on income or gains should not be charged UK tax on income or gains made by 
the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from such income at source. Interest income 
Conhdential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108901 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255085 
EFTA01452023

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452024.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Certain Investors may, however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may, however. be liable to UK tax in the hands of an individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years. if realised during the period of absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade, whether carried on within or outside the UK, to whom different UK tax considerations apply. 
inheritance tax 
A limited partnership interest in an English limited partnership carrying on business in the UK is regarded as an asset 
located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. This means that on the death of an Investor, inheritance tax could 
be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in relation to an Interest held on trust, for example on the death of a 
beneficiary of an interest in possession trust or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the distribution of all or any part of an 
Interest from the trust or on the trusts ten year anniversaries. 
UK Consultation on Taxation of Partnerships 
The UK Government has published a consultation on certain aspects of the tax rules applicable to partnerships and 
partnership profit-sharing arrangements that may affect the tax treatment outlined in this summary. Following the 
completion of the consultation, the UK Government has indicated that it intends to introduce legislation effecting any 
changes to be made to the existing rules, to take effect from 6 April 2014 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in. the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or investments. Tax conventions between such 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce or eliminate certain of these taxes. Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with respect to such taxes. subject to applicable 
limitations. 
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash distribution. To the extent that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle. The tax consequences in the case of an alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle. 
Confrdenbal Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108902 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255086 
EFTA01452024

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452025.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
This page has been intentionally left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
108 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108903 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255087 
EFTA01452025

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452026.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Appendices 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108904 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255088 
EFTA01452026

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452027.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Appendix 'I Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of. an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition, holding and disposition of an Interest, including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other formality prescribed in such jurisdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor may not reproduce or distribute this Agreement or 
any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents, where such disclosure would violate the securities laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD, the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM is the Manager, itself an EU AIFM. Each 
Member State of the European Economic Area is adopting or has adopted legislation implementing the AIFMD into 
national law. Under the AIFMD, marketing to any investor domiciled or with a registered office in the European 
Economic Area will be restricted by such laws and no such marketing shall take place except as permitted by such laws. 
Prior to implementation of the AIFMD into national law, the Interests may only be offered and issued in accordance with 
applicable laws in relevant member states, and potential investors should ensure they are able to subscribe for an 
interest in the Partnership in accordance with those laws. 
Pre-AIFM Authorisation Marketing 
This Memorandum makes reference to the Manager being authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority to the 
extent required by the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive and its implementing legislation in the UK (the 
'AIFM Authorisation'). 
Although the Manager has applied for the AIFM Authorisation. as of the date of this 
Memorandum, the Manager has not yet received the AIFM Authorisation. 
In the event that this Memorandum is distributed in the following jurisdictions prior to the date on which the Manager has 
received the AIFM Authorisation, such distribution shall be in accordance with the following requirements. 
Finland 
This Memorandum does not constitute a prospectus under Finnish Investment Funds Act (48/1999, as amended), the 
Finnish Securities Market Act (746/2012, as amended) or the Prospectus Directive (2003/71/EC, as amended). The 
Interests may only be marketed in Finland in circumstances that do not require the publication of a prospectus in 
accordance with the Finnish Investment Funds Act, the Finnish Securities Markets Act, or the Prospectus Directive. 
The Netherlands 
The Interests will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the Netherlands other than solely to qualified investors, 
within the meaning of article 1:1 of the Netherlands Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
110 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108905 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255089 
EFTA01452027

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452028.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
In respect of the offering, the Manager does not require a license pursuant to the Financial Supervision Act and is not 
subject to market conduct supervision of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and prudential supervision 
of the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.). 
Norway 
The Fund is not an investment fund regulated under the Norwegian Investment Funds Act of 2011 and has neither been 
registered with or approved by the Norwegian authorities as an investment fund, nor has this document or any 
prospectus been filed or approved under the public offer rules in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 2007. 
Therefore, the Fund is not under public supervision in Norway. Investors should consider possible tax implications and if 
necessary consult their own tax advisers before investing in the Fund. This Memorandum must not be copied or 
otherwise distributed by the recipient. 
Sweden 
In Sweden this Memorandum will not be used directly or indirectly, for an offer for subscription or purchase or issue 
invitations to subscribe for or buy Interests or distribute any draft or final document in relation to any such offer, invitation 
or sale except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of 
the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw. (lag (1991:980) om handel med Mansiella instrument)). 
United Kingdom 
This Memorandum is distributed by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited of Winchester House. 1 
Great Winchester Street, London. EC2N 2DB. This Memorandum is not available for general distribution in. from or into 
the United Kingdom because the Fund is an unregulated collective investment scheme whose promotion is restricted by 
sections 238 and 240 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. When distributed in. from or into the United 
Kingdom, this Memorandum is only intended for persons having professional experience of investing in unregulated 
schemes, high net worth companies. partnerships, associations or trusts and personnel of any of the foregoing having 
professional experience of investing in unregulated schemes (each within the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001). persons outside the European Economic Area 
receiving it electronically, persons outside the United Kingdom receiving it non-electronically and any other persons to 
whom it may be communicated lawfully. No other person should act or rely on it. Other persons distributing this 
Memorandum in. from or into the United Kingdom must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so. 
Post-AIFM Authorisation Marketing 
To the extent that this Memorandum is distributed to recipients in the European Economic Area following the date on 
which the Manager has received the AIFM Authorisation, such distribution shall be in accordance with the following 
requirements. 
Eligible Investors 
The Interests are only available for purchase by professional investors, being investors that are considered to be a 
professional client or are, on request, treated as a professional client, within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC (MiFID). In addition: 
In Finland, this Memorandum shall not constitute a "Prospectus" under the prospectus directive, the Finnish Securities 
Markets Act or the Finnish Investment Funds Act and the Interests will not be made available to any Finnish investors 
who do not qualify as professional investors under the Finnish Investment Funds Act. 
In the Netherlands, the Interests will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, other than solely to qualified investors, 
within the meaning of article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financleel toezicht). 
In Portugal, the Fund will constitute an alternative investment fund (Organismo de investimento alternativo), pursuant to 
Decree-Law no. 63-A/2013. of 10 May. No authorisation has been obtained or has been requested from the Securities 
Market Commission (Cornissao do Mercado de Valores Mobiliarios) for the marketing of the Interests referred to in this 
Memorandum, therefore the same cannot be offered to the public in Portugal. Accordingly, no Interests have been or 
Conhdential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108906 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255090 
EFTA01452028

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452029.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
may be offered or sold to investors other than qualified investors, as defined in Article 30 of the Portuguese Securities 
Code (C6digo dos Valores Mobiliarios). 
In the United Kingdom, when distributed in, from or into the United Kingdom, this Memorandum is only intended for 
persons having professional experience of investing in unregulated schemes. high net worth companies, partnerships. 
associations or trusts and personnel of any of the foregoing having professional experience of investing in unregulated 
schemes (each within the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) 
(Exemptions) Order 2001), persons outside the European Economic Area receiving it electronically, persons outside the 
United Kingdom receiving it non-electronically and any other persons to whom it may be communicated lawfully. 
AUSTRALIA 
Notice to Residents of Australia 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus or product disclosure statement for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) of Australia (the "Corporations Act"). Any offer or invitation made in this Memorandum is only an offer or invitation 
to make offers where the offer or invitation does not need disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act. 
No offer or application made following the receipt of this Memorandum will be considered unless the offer or invitation 
does not need disclosure to investors under Chapter 60 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act. 
Without limitation to the above. no otter or invitation may be made unless: 
• 
the minimum amount payable for the limited partnership interests on acceptance of the offer by the offeree or 
invitee is at least AS500,000: or 
• 
• 
the amount payable for the limited partnership interests on acceptance of the offer by the offeree or invitee, 
together with the amounts previously paid by the offeree or invitee for limited partnership interests of the same 
class in the fund, equals at least A$500,000: or 
it appears from a certificate given by a qualified accountant no more than 2 years before the offer is made that 
the offeree or invitee has net assets of at least AS2.5 million or has had a gross income for each of the last 2 
financial years of at least P3250.000; or 
• 
the offeree or invitee is a 'professional investor', as defined in section 9 of the Corporations Act. 
The Fund is not a registered scheme or registered as a foreign company in Australia. Neither the Australian Securities 
and Investments Commission nor any other similar authority in Australia has reviewed or in any way approved this 
document or the merits of investing in the Fund. 
This document contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial 
situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or investment 
advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this document is 
appropriate to their needs. objectives and circumstances. and, if necessary. seek expert advice on those matters. 
Confrdenbal Private Placement Memorandurn 
112 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108907 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255091 
EFTA01452029

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452030.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
BAHRAIN 
The Memorandum has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. 
No offer to the public to purchase the Interests will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Memorandum is intended 
to be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to. or shown to the public generally. 
CANADA 
The Interests may not be offered or sold. and this Memorandum may not be delivered. in Canada or to a resident in 
Canada. unless and until this Memorandum is accompanied by an appropriate Canadian wrapper. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
Interests may be beneficially owned by persons resident, domiciled, established, incorporated or registered pursuant to 
the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Fund, however, will not undertake business with the public in the Cayman Islands. 
'Public' for these purposes does not include a sophisticated person, a high net worth person, a company, partnership or 
trust of which the shareholders, unit holders or limited partners are each a sophisticated person, a high net worth person 
any exempted or ordinary non-resident company registered under the Companies Law (as amended) or a foreign 
company registered pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Law (as amended) or any such company acting as 
general partner of a partnership registered pursuant to the provisions of the Exempted Limited Partnership Law (as 
amended) or any director or officer of the same acting in such capacity or the trustee of any trust registered or capable of 
registering pursuant to the provisions of the Trusts Law (as Revised). 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCE CENTRE 
This Memorandum relates to a Fund which is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority ('DFSA'). 
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Memorandum or other documents in connection with this 
Fund. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved this Memorandum or any other associated documents nor taken any 
steps to verify the information set out in this Memorandum, and has no responsibility for it 
This Memorandum is intended for distribution only to Persons of a type specified in the DFSA's Rules (i.e. • Professional 
Clients") and must not, therefore, be delivered to, or relied on by, any other type of Person. This document is for the 
exclusive use of the persons to whom it is addressed and in connection with the subject matter contained therein. 
The Interests to which this Memorandum relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective 
purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
HONG KONG 
Important: If the Investor is in any doubt about the contents of this Memorandum, it should consult its broker, bank 
manager, solicitor, professional accountant. financial advisor or other professional advisor. 
The Fund has not been authorised by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission and no person may issue, or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation, or 
document relating to the Interests, which is directed at. or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the 
public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the 
Interests which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that 
ordinance. 
This Memorandum is intended solely for the use of the person to whom it has been delivered for the purpose of 
evaluating a possible investment by the recipient in the Interests described herein and is not to be reproduced or 
distributed to any other persons (other than professional advisors of the prospective investor receiving this 
Memorandum). 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
113 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108908 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255092 
EFTA01452030

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452031.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum has not been approved by the Israel Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli 
residents in a manner that will not constitute "an offer to the public" under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities 
Law, 5728-1968 (the 'Securities Law") or section 25 of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, 5754-1994 (the 'Joint 
Investment Trusts Law"), as applicable. The Interests are being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors 
or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those categories of investors listed in the First Addendum (the 
'Addendum") to the Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors"), namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds. 
provident funds, insurance companies, banking corporations (purchasing Interests for themselves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), portfolio managers (purchasing Interests for themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated 
Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Interests for themselves), members of the Tel-Aviv 
Stock Exchange (purchasing Interests for themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters 
(purchasing Interests for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the capital market, an entity which is 
wholly-owned by Sophisticated Investors, corporations (other than formed for the specific purpose of an acquisition 
pursuant to an offer) with shareholder equity in excess of NIS 50 million, and individuals in respect of whom the terms of 
item 9 in the Schedule to the Regulation of Investment Counselling, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management 
Law, 5755-1995 (the 'Investment Advice Law") hold true and who are investing for their own account, each such 
Sophisticated Investor as defined in the said Addendum, as amended from time to time, and which/who in each case has 
provided written confirmation that it/he/she qualifies as a Sophisticated Investor and that it/he/she is aware of the 
consequences of such designation and agrees thereto: in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private 
placement or other exemptions of the Securities Law, the Joint Investment Trusts Law and any applicable guidelines, 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Memorandum may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to any other person other 
than those to whom copies have been sent. Any offeree who purchases an Interest is purchasing such Interest for its 
own benefit and account and not with the aim or intention of distributing or offering such Interest to other parties (other 
than, in the case of an offeree which is a Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking corporation, portfolio 
manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing an 
Interest for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). 
Nothing in this Memorandum should be considered 
investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Investment Advice Law. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a locally licensed investment counsel prior to 
making the investment. As a prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this Memorandum a recipient may be required by the 
Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Interests for its own account or, where 
applicable, for other Sophisticated Investors. 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the 
Interests offered hereby. nor does it constitute an offer to sell to or solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or 
persons in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful, or in which the person 
making such otter or solicitation is not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to whom it is unlawful to make such 
offer or solicitation. 
JAPAN 
The Interests. which fall under "securities" as set out in Article 2. Paragraph 2, Item 6 of the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act (the "FIEA"), have not been and will not be registered for a public offering in Japan pursuant to Article 4, 
Paragraph 1 of the FIEA. Accordingly. the Interests will not be directly or indirectly offered or sold in Japan or to a 
resident of Japan except pursuant to the private placement exemption as set out in Article 2. Paragraph 3. Item 3 of the 
FIEA and/or any other applicable rules or regulations. As used in this paragraph. the term "resident of Japan' means a 
natural person having his/her place of domicile or residence in Japan. or a juridical person having its main office in Japan 
as defined in Article 6, Paragraph 1, Item 5. of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Interests have not been licensed for offenng 
in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti govemment agency. The offering of the 
Interests in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore. restricted in accordance with Decree 
Conhdential Private Placement Memorandum 
114 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108909 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255093 
EFTA01452031

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452032.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Law No. 31 of 1990 and the implementing regulations thereto (as amended) and Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws 
thereto (as amended). No private or public offering of the Interests is being made in Kuwait. and no agreement relating 
to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or inducement activities are being 
used to offer or market the Interests in Kuwait. 
NEW ZEALAND 
This Memorandum is not a registered prospectus, investment statement or an authorised advertisement and has not 
been registered, filed with or approved by any New Zealand regulatory authority under or in accordance with the 
Securities Act 1978 (the 'Securities Act 1987') (or any other relevant New Zealand law). This Memorandum has been 
prepared solely for, and the offer made in it is made solely to: 
• 
persons whose principal business is the investment of money or who, in the course of and for the purposes of 
their business. habitually invest money, or 
• 
persons who are each required to pay a minimum subscription price of at least NZ$500.000 for the Interests 
before the allotment of those Interests; or 
• 
persons who are eligible persons within the meaning of section 5(2CC) of the Securities Act 1978, and 
(together. 'Specified NZ Investors') 
and such persons are the only persons who are able to subscribe for Interests under the terms of this offer. 
This Memorandum and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale of the Interests may not be 
circulated or distributed in New Zealand. nor may the Interests be offered to any person in New Zealand, other than to 
Specified NZ Investors or in circumstances that do not constitute an offer of securities to the public within the meaning of, 
or are otherwise exempt from, the Securities Act 1978. 
PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
The Interests are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the 
People's Republic of China (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special 
Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as permitted by the securities or funds laws of the People's 
Republic of China. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED ON AN EXCLUSIVE BASIS TO THE SPECIFICALLY INTENDED RECIPIENT 
THEREOF, UPON THAT PERSON'S REQUEST AND INITIATIVE, AND FOR THE RECIPIENT'S PERSONAL USE 
ONLY. 
NOTHING IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES, IS INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE, SHALL BE TREATED AS 
CONSTITUTING OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE, ANY OFFER OR SALE OF SECURITIES IN THE STATE 
OF QATAR OR IN THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE OR THE INWARD MARKETING OF AN INVESTMENT FUND OR 
AN ATTEMPT TO DO BUSINESS. AS A BANK, AN INVESTMENT COMPANY OR OTHERWISE IN THE STATE OF 
QATAR OR IN THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE.
THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE UNDERLYING INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED, REGISTERED OR 
LICENSED BY THE QATAR CENTRAL BANK, THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE'S REGULATORY AUTHORITY, THE 
QATAR FINANCIAL MARKETS AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER REGULATOR IN THE STATE OF QATAR.
THIS DOCUMENT AND ANY RELATED DOCUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE 
QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE'S REGULATORY AUTHORITY OR THE QATAR CENTRAL BANK. 
RECOURSE AGAINST THE FUND, AND THOSE INVOLVED WITH IT, MAY BE LIMITED OR DIFFICULT AND MAY 
HAVE TO BE PURSUED IN A JURISDICTION OUTSIDE QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
115 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108910 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255094 
EFTA01452032

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452033.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered, sold or delivered to any person for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea, except as otherwise permitted under 
applicable Korean laws and regulations, including the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act and the 
Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and the decrees and regulations thereunder. By the purchase of the Interests, the 
relevant holder thereof will be deemed to represent and warrant that if it is in Korea or is a resident of Korea, it purchased 
the Interests pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. 
SWITZERLAND 
The distribution of Interests in Switzerland will be exclusively made to. and directed at, qualified investors (the "Qualified 
Investors"). as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended ("CISA") and its 
implementing ordinance. Accordingly, the Fund has not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority (FINMA). This Memorandum and/or any other offering materials relating to the Interests may be 
made available in Switzerland solely to Qualified Investors. 
TAIWAN 
The Interests will not be issued in Taiwan, the Republic of China. The offering of the Interests has not been and will not 
be registered with the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan. the Republic of China pursuant to relevant securities 
laws and regulations and may not be offered or sold in Taiwan, the Republic of China through a public offering or in 
circumstance which constitutes an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan. the Republic 
of China that requires a registration or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan. the Republic of 
China. No person or entity in Taiwan, the Republic of China has been authorized to offer or sell the Interests in Taiwan. 
the Republic of China. 
TURKEY 
No information in this Memorandum is provided for the purpose of offering, marketing and sale by any means of any 
capital market instruments and services in the Republic of Turkey. Therefore, this Memorandum may not be considered 
as an offer made or to be made to residents of the Republic of Turkey in the Republic of Turkey. Accordingly, neither 
this Memorandum nor any other material may be utilized in connection with any offering to the public within the Republic 
of Turkey without the prior approval of the CMB. However, according to Article 15 (d) (ii) of the Decree No.32 there is no 
restriction on the purchase or sale of capital market instrument by residents of the Republic of Turkey, provided that: they 
purchase or sell such instrument in the financial markets outside of the Republic of Turkey: and such sale and purchase 
is made through banks, and/or licensed brokerage institutions in the Republic of Turkey. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
This Memorandum is strictly private and confidential and is being issued to a limited number of institutional and individual 
investors who qualify as one of the following types of investors (being those investors referred to in Emirates Securities 
and Commodities Authority ('ESCA-) Board Resolution No. 13 of 2013 amending ESCA Resolution No. 37 of 2012): 
(a) 
financial portfolios owned by federal or local government entities; 
(b) 
companies, corporations or authorities whose purpose is to invest in securities; and 
(c) 
investment managers authorised to make and implement investment decisions. 
No Interests have been or are being publicly offered, sold, promoted or advertised in the United Arab Emirates ('UAE') in 
accordance with ESCA Board Resolution No. 37 of 2012 Concerning the Regulations as to Mutual Funds. The Interests 
will be sold outside the UAE and are not part of a public offering. The Fund, the Fund's promoter in the UAE. this 
Memorandum and the relevant documents have not been reviewed. approved or licensed by the UAE Central Bank, 
ESCA or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. This Memorandum is strictly 
private and confidential and has not been reviewed. deposited or registered with any licensing authority or governmental 
agency in the UAE. 
This Memorandum must not be shown, made available or provided to any person other than the original recipient and 
may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. The Interests may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to 
Conhdential Private Placement Memorandum 
117 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108912 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255096 
EFTA01452033

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452034.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
the public in the UAE. If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum you should consult an authorised 
financial adviser.
UNITED STATES 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any of the states, 
nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in the US 
or to or for the account or benefit of any 'US Person' except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state laws. 
The Interests are being offered outside the US pursuant to the exemption from registration under Regulation S under the 
Securities Act and inside the US in reliance on Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and Section 4(2) 
thereof. 
There is no public market for the Interests and no such market is expected to develop in the future. The Interests offered 
hereby are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as permitted 
under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. 
The Fund has not been and will not be registered under the Investment Company Act pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 3(c)(7). which excludes from the definition of Investment company' a privately offered fund that is organised 
outside the US and whose US person security holders consists exclusively of 'qualified purchasers', as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the 1940 Act. 
The Fund may arrange or permit the private placement in the US of a portion of the Interests under the exemption 
provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder to US Persons that are 
"accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation 0 under the Securities Act) and 'qualified purchasers' (as 
defined in Section 2(aX51) of the Investment Company Act), under restrictions and other circumstances designed to 
preclude a distribution that would otherwise require registration of the Interests under the Securities Act, cause the Fund 
to become subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act, oblige the Fund or the Manager to 
comply with requirements under the US Commodity Exchange Act or cause the assets of the Fund to be "plan assets" 
for the purposes of ERISA including presentation by such investors. prior to the delivery to them of Interests, of 
subscription documentation containing specified representations and agreements. 
The Fund will not accept any subscriptions from investors that are employee benefit plans subject to Title I of ERISA. 
certain tax qualified plans subject to Section 4975 of the Code or other entities deemed to hold assets of such plans 
(together, "Benefit Plan Investors") if after such subscription the Interests held by Benefit Plan Investors would be 25 per 
cent or more of the total outstanding Interests. If the Interests held by Benefit Plan Investors were to exceed this 25 per 
cent limit. the Fund's assets might be considered "plan assets" under ERISA, which could result in adverse 
consequences to the Fund, the Manager and the fiduciaries of the Benefit Plan Investors. 
For residents of all US states: 
In making an investment decision. Investors must rely on their own examination of the Fund, the General Partner, the 
Manager and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
These securities are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except with the prior written consent of the 
Manager, which it may withhold as described herein, and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state 
securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. Investors in the Fund should be aware that they may be 
required to bear the financial risk of this investment for an indefinite period of time. 
For residents of New Hampshire: 
Please refer to the legend on page hi of this Memorandum. 
For residents of Florida: 
Please refer to the legend on page iii of this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
118 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108913 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255097 
EFTA01452034

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452035.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
URUGUAY 
The sale of the Interests qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of Uruguayan law 18.627. The Fund 
represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Interests to the public in Uruguay. 
except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Uruguayan laws and regulations. 
The Interests are not and will not be registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay. 
Confrdenbal Private Placement Memorandurn 
119 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108914 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255098 
EFTA01452035

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452036.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
The General Partner and the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, may collect non-public personal information from the 
Investors in the course of its business. The confidentiality and privacy of such information is respected by the General 
Partner and the Manager and a high priority is placed on maintaining the confidentiality and security of such confidential 
information. This privacy notice explains certain policies and practices that have been put in place to ensure the privacy 
of such non-public personal information. 
Confidential information regarding the Investors may be collected by the General Partner or the Manager from the 
following sources: information provided verbally, electronically or in writing, including information provided on 
subscription documents and other forms furnished by the Investors; information that is generated in the course of the 
business of the Fund, such as financial statements; and information that may be received from third parties. 
Generally, neither the General Partner nor the Manager will provide customer information to outside firms, organisations 
or individuals except in furtherance of the normal course of business of the Fund, the General Partner or the Manager, or 
as otherwise permitted or required by law. In the course of business of the Fund, the General Partner or the Manager 
may provide confidential nonpublic information about the Investors to firms that assist it in its business, such as the 
administrator and certain agents. The General Partner or the Manager may also provide the names and addresses of 
the Investors to one or more third party service providers and to their affiliates for the purpose of providing financial 
information to the Investors in connection with the usual administration of the client relationship. The General Partner or 
the Manager will require third party service providers to protect the confidentiality of such confidential nonpublic 
information and to use the information only for the purpose for which the disclosure is made. 
Such confidential non-public information will be stored on Investment Café. an electronic portal. Investment Café will 
serve as the principal means of communication with Investors regarding the Fund. and will be the means of distribution of 
capital call notices and quarterly reports to Investors. among other things. In addition. Investment Café will serve as a 
database for Deutsche Bank's internal management purposes, including for the purpose of monitoring the Deutsche 
Bank investment products in which an Investor has invested and the value of such investments. As a result. such 
information is expected to be shared worldwide within the Deutsche Bank Group. 
The General Partner and the Manager will share information about the Investors only (i) with those persons who will be 
providing services to the Fund, (ii) with senior management personnel and (iii) as otherwise required or permitted by law. 
The General Partner and the Manager maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect each Investor's 
personal non-public information and, in particular, to ensure that only the appropriate Deutsche Bank personnel are able 
to access confidential information relating to an Investor. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, the General Partner and the Manager may from time to time share information about 
Investors with affiliates of the Manager for the purposes of: (i) supervising and supporting the management of the 
Investors business relationship; (h) allowing Deutsche Bank management (or its duly authorised designees) to provide 
general support, customer service and marketing for all of Deutsche Bank's clients globally; and/or (iii) allowing Deutsche 
Bank Legal and Compliance to analyse regulatory and legal risk that may impact an Investor. Deutsche Bank's other 
clients or Deutsche Bank. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandurn 
120 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108915 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255099 
EFTA01452036

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452037.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING REGULATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investors subscription for an Interest and any funds received will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgement of the Manager or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must, notwithstanding any obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply, report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities pursuant to applicable law. 
3RD EU ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING DIRECTIVE 
The Manager and the Fund currently have a legal obligation to ask their clients (including Investors) questions regarding 
their identities, addresses, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorised signatories, beneficial 
owners or control structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti-
money laundering regulations require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change, such 
clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) and provide the Manager with relevant documentation to 
verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the benefit of, any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or US sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
US Treasury Department (collectively, the `Sanction Regulations'). The Manager and its designee may undertake their 
own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investors representations and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds an 
Interest, may seek to verily that neither the Investor nor any person holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is subject 
to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. The Manager also may be required in the future to obtain additional 
disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations, the Manager may be obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investors investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
121 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108916 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255100 
EFTA01452037

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452038.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25% Test 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Advance 
An amount equal to 99.99% of a Limited Partners Commitment which may be drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund. 
AIFMD 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. 
Alternative Vehicle 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the right, in connection 
with any investment, to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited Partners to be made. 
Applicable Points 
With respect to (i) a Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) and its Commitment or (ii) an 
investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment (or equivalent) to such Feeder Fund: (a) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than US$50 million, zero basis points, (b) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or more but less than US$100 million, 10 
basis points, and (c) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$100 million or more, 20 
basis points. 
Benefit Plan Investor 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
BHC Act 
Carried Interest 
CFCs 
US Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs (iii) and (iv) of 
the "Distributions' paragraph of Section 7: Summary of Principal Terms and Conditions. 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
CFTC 
The US Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
Closing 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit additional 
Investors. 
Code 
The US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Co-Investment 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund 
sponsors. 
Commitment 
A Limited Partner's commitment to the Fund. 
Complementary Fund 
A multiple third party investor fund with investment objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to specific asset 
categories or strategies, including, without limitation. RE SOF. 
Confdenbal Private Placement Memorandum 
122 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108917 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255101 
EFTA01452038

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452039.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Covered Person 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors. officers, partners, members. 
employees or agents of each of them, and such other persons as are approved by the 
Manager. 
CPO 
A 'commodity pool operator' for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(aX3). 
DB Capital 
The legacy private equity business of Deutsche Bank. 
DB PE 
The private equity business of Deutsche Bank.
DB Secondaries 
DB SOF. DB SOF D and DB SOF II, collectively. 
Funds 
DB SOF 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising Fund A, Fund B and Fund C). 
DB SOF D 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D. L.P. 
DB SOF II 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP. 
Deutsche Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG. 
Deutsche Bank Group 
Deutsche Bank. together with its affiliates. 
Direct Secondary 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the secondary market. 
Dodd-Frank Act 
US Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
DOL 
US Department of Labor. 
dollars or USS 
US dollars. 
DPI 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
ECI 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
ECON 
European Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs. 
Eligible Non-US 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Investor 
Eligible US Investor 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-US Investors and Eligible US Investors. 
Employee Investors 
The Management Investors and certain other employees of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates. 
ERISA 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
Exchange Act 
The US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
123 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108918 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255102 
EFTA01452039

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452040.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Executive Fund 
Partner 
FAICA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
A Feeder Fund through which certain individuals working for or with DB PE or the Manager, 
as well as certain other employees of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates, may invest in the Fund. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. 
FFI 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
FFI Agreement 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Final Admission Date 
The last date on which Investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
First Closing 
The date on which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
FSMA 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Fund A 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
Fund B 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
Fund C 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C. LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
Fund Advisory 
The advisory committee, comprising representatives of certain Investors, established by the 
Committee 
Fund to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential conflicts of interest, 
methods of valuation and certain other matters. 
Fund Documents 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect of the Fund. 
Fund Partnership 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund. 
Agreement 
Fund Secondary 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund, feeder fund or other similar structure). 
Fund Sponsor 
A general partner, manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
General Partner 
Leonardo Secondary Opportunities Fund (GP) Limited, an unaffiliated special purpose entity 
to be established in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company, in its capacity to act as a 
general partner of the Fund. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The profit share distributed to the General Partner by the Fund. 
Gross IRR 
Gross Internal Rate of Retum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
124 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108919 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255103 
EFTA01452040

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452041.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
NAV 
As defined in Appendix 5: Important Performance Information. 
Net IRR 
Net Internal Rate of Return. 
NFA 
The US National Futures Association. 
Offshore Fund Rules 
The UK Finance Act 2008 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009. 
Operating 
Partnerships 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Parallel Fund 
A parallel fund established by the General Partner or the Manager to accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. 
Partners 
The Limited Partners together with the General Partner. 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Principals 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith. 
Professional Investor 
An investor who is considered to be a *professional client" or may, on request, be treated as a 
'professional client' within the meaning of Annex II to the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive. 
QEF 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
RE SOF 
Real Estate Secondary Opportunities Fund, LP and its feeder funds. 
RVPI 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Sanction Regulations 
Collectively UK sanctions. UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or US sanctions administered by 
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Treasury Department. 
SEC 
The US Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Second GP 
Leonardo Secondary Opportunities Fund (Alternate GP), LP, an unaffiliated special purpose 
vehicle to be established in Delaware, in its capacity to act as a general partner of the Fund 
(but see Section 7: Summary of Terms and Conditions for the description of the limited role 
of the Second GP). 
Secondary Team 
The DB PE investment team headed by the Principals. 
Securities Act 
The US Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Side Letter 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing the General Partner's 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
SOF III or the Fund 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
126 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108921 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255105 
EFTA01452041

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452042.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Special Limited 
Partner 
Such person or persons designated by the Manager to receive Carried Interest. 
Subsequent Closing 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First Closing. 
Partner 
NPI 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
UBTI 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UK 
The United Kingdom. 
US 
The United States of America. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Volcker Rule 
The provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act which will eventually, subject to certain exceptions, 
prohibit banking entities (including Deutsche Bank) and their subsidiaries and affiliates from 
engaging in proprietary trading and from sponsoring or investing in private funds such as the 
Fund. 
withholdable 
payments 
As defined in Section 10: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Conbdential Private Placement Memorandum 
127 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108922 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255106 
EFTA01452042

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452043.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
opinion of the Manager, an impact on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of public stocks in 
the portfolio have been adjusted to their September 30. 2013 trading price. 
Except where designated as 'net*, the projected returns and financial information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the DB Secondaries Funds or the relevant deaUportfofio. Gross cash flows do not take into 
account deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive distributions, or other potential 
expenses such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant reduction against the gross 
returns. 
The projected cash flows and other retum and financial information in this Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including (without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only as of the date indicated: it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain "forward-looking statements.' These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, the plans, projections, objectives, expectations and intentions of the DB 
Secondaries Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not historical facts. These 
statements are based on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and 
changes in circumstances. many of which are beyond the control of the DB Secondaries Funds and the Manager. Actual 
results may differ materially and adversely from these expectations due to changes in. among other things, global, 
political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance and projected performance of the DB Secondaries Funds is not an indication of the future 
performance of either the DB Secondaries Funds or the Fund.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
129 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108924 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255108 
EFTA01452043

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452044.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Legal Advisers 
to the Manager 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Secondary Opportunities 
Manager 
Deutsche Alternative Asset 
Fund Ill, LP 
Management (Global) Limited 
Winchester House 
Great Winchester Street 
London. EC2N 2DB 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Administrator 
Gresham Street 
London, EC2V 7NQ 
Any of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, 
KPMG or Ernst & Young LLP. 
Depositary 
State Street Bank and 
Trust Company 
One Lincoln Street 
Boston, Massachusetts 02111 
State Street Trustees Limited 
Churchill Place 
London E14 5HJ 
Confslential Private Placement Memorandum 
130 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108925 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255109 
EFTA01452044

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452045.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the board of directors of the General Partner 
Alan Turner is a Cayman attorney originally from the UK who has been in practice in the Cayman Islands for over 25 
years. He is the managing partner of Turners and is also the managing director of Turners Management Ltd. a Cayman-
based corporate management business which provides registered office services and directors to Cayman registered 
entities. Alan is a director of multiple Cayman entities and he has over 10 years' experience providing director services 
to complex Cayman based entities. He attends board meetings of various Cayman entities on a regular basis and 
frequently acts as chairperson of such meetings. Alan also has many years of restructuring experience. 
Ian Ross is a Chartered Accountant and has been a member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland since 
1976. Mr Ross left Scotland in 1977 and spent the next 10 years working in the Middle East as Senior Manager for 
Deloitte. He specialised in the audit of financial institutions and was a member of the team advising the Ruler of Abu 
Dhabi on his worldwide investments. Mr Ross accepted the position of Financial Controller of Walkers in the Cayman 
Islands in 1986 and remained there until 2003. Mr Ross has since 2003 worked with Turners and Tumers Management 
Ltd. He acts as a director of several Cayman based entities and his extensive auditing and accounting experience has 
proved very valuable to client entitles 
Kirsten Le Pape graduated with an Accounting degree from Averett University, Virginia, USA in 1991. In 2007, Kirsten 
joined Turners Management as Senior Accountant. She oversees the corporate management for clients of Turners 
Management Ltd. Kirsten's daily duties includes liaising with clients who maintain their registered office in the Cayman 
Islands, providing corporate secretary and director services, preparing minutes for annual general and statutory meetings 
and filing returns. Kirsten's experience as an accountant has proved invaluable to clients for whom she provides director 
services. 
Lawrence Edwards is founder and managing director of Delta Group Limited (www.dettagroup.ky). a Cayman Islands 
headquartered investment management and financial services group. Delta Group provides asset management and 
advisory, corporate finance, and fiduciary services to the alternative investment industry and includes a specialist division 
focused on the secondary, special opportunity and distressed market sectors. During his career Lawrence has acted in a 
management or fiduciary capacity for over 200 investment clients and overseen the retum of approximately US$6 billion 
in capital. Prior to founding Delta Group he had an international advisory career with PricewaterhouseCoopers for 17 
years. latterly as co-head of their corporate finance and advisory practice in the Cayman Islands. Lawrence is a Fellow of 
the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a qualified member of the Association of Business Recovery 
Professionals and the International Association of Restructuring, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Professionals. He is a 
resident in the Cayman Islands. 
Confrdenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
131 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108926 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255110 
EFTA01452045

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452046.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill. LP 
Appendix 8 Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
This Memorandum makes reference to the Manager being authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority to the 
extent required by the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive and its implementing legislation in the UK (the 
'AIFM Authorisation'). 
Although the Manager has applied for the AIFM Authorisation, as of the date of this 
Memorandum, the Manager has not yet received the AIFM Authorisation. On and from the date the Manager receives 
the AIFM Authorisation, it will be required to manage the Fund in accordance with the AIFMD. At that time, this 
Memorandum must disclose certain prescribed information. The following table indicates where the required information 
is located within this Memorandum. 
Information to be disclosed 
AIFMD relevant article 
Section where disclosed in 
Memorandum 
General Fund Information 
Investment strategy and objectives of the AIF 
Art 23(1Xa) 
Section 1: Executive Summary; 
Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms; 
Section 5: Secondary 
Opportunities Fund III; 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions 
Information on where master AIF is established and 
where the underlying funds are established 
Art 23(1Xa) 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions 
Types of assets in which the AIF may invest and 
the techniques it may employ and all associated 
risks 
Art 23(1Xa) 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Section 5: Secondary 
Opportunities Fund III; 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions; 
Section 8: Risk Factors 
Applicable investment restrictions 
Art 23(1Xa) 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions 
Circumstances in which the AIF may use leverage, 
restrictions on using leverage, the types and 
sources of leverage permitted and the associated 
risks 
Art 23(1Xa) 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions; 
Section 8: Risk Factors 
Maximum level of leverage which the AIFM is 
entitled to employ on behalf of the AIF 
Art 23(1Xa) 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions 
Procedures by which the AIF may change its 
investment strategy or investment policy, or both 
Art 23(1Xb) 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions 
Description of the main legal implications of the 
contractual relationship entered into for the purpose 
of investment 
Art 23(1Xc) 
Section 8: Risk Factors: 
Section 10: Certain Legal, 
ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Identity of the AIFM, the AlPs depositary, auditor 
and any other service providers and description of 
their duties 
Art 23(1Xd) 
Section 1: Executive Summary; 
Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms; 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
132 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0108927 
SDNY_GM_00255111 
EFTA01452046

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452047.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions; 
Section 10: Certain Legal, 
ERISA and Tax Considerations; 
Appendix 6: Directory. 
Description of how the AIFM is protected against 
potential professional liability risks 
Art 23(1Xe) 
Section 10: Certain Legal, 
ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Description of any delegated management 
functions by the AIFM, identity of the delegate and 
description of conflicts of interest 
Art 23(1)(f) 
N/A. 
Description of the AIF's valuation procedure 
Art 23(1X9) 
Section 10: Certain Legal, 
ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Description of the AIF's liquidity risk management 
Art 23(1Xh) 
Section 10: Certain Legal, 
ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Description of all fees, charges and expenses and 
of the maximum amounts thereof which are directly 
or indirectly bome by investors 
Art 23(1Xi) 
Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms; 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions; 
Section 8: Risk Factors: 
Section 10: Certain Legal, 
ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Description of how the AIFM ensures a fair 
treatment of investors and a description of any 
preferential treatment or the right to obtain 
preferential treatment obtained by any investor 
Art 23(1)(j) 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions 
Latest annual report 
Art 23(1Xk) 
N/A. 
Procedure and conditions for the issue and sate of 
Interests 
Art 23(1XI) 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions 
Latest net asset value of the AIF 
Art 23(1Xm) 
N/A. 
Historical performance of the AIF, where available 
Art 23(1Xn) 
N/A. 
Identity of the prime broker and a description of any 
material arrangements of the AIF with its prime 
brokers and the way the conflicts of interest in 
relation thereto are managed 
Art 23(1X0) 
N/A. 
Description of how any changes to liquidity or 
leverage provisions of the AIF will be disclosed to 
investors 
Art 23(1Xp) 
Section 7: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions; 
Section 10: Certain Legal, 
ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The current risk profile of the AIF and the risk 
management systems employed by the AIFM to 
manage those risks 
Art 23(4) 
Section 5: Secondary 
Opportunities Fund III 
Conflicts of Interest 
Conflicts of Interest of the AIFM 
Art 12(1Xd), Art 14(2) 
Section 9. Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
133 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0108928 
SDNY_GM_00255112 
EFTA01452047

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452048.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IX LP 
Net asset value 
The net asset value per unit or share of the AIF 
Art 19(3) 
N/A 
Depositary 
Any arrangement made by the depositary to 
contractually discharge itself of liability and any 
changes with respect to depositary liability 
Art 23(2) 
Section 10: Certain Legal. 
ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Delegation of functions of the depositary 
Art 21(11) 
Section 10: Certain Legal. 
ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Discharge of liability of the depositary for loss by a 
third party to whom custody of financial instruments 
has been delegated 
Art 21(14)(b) 
Section 10: Certain Legal, 
ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Provision in the contract with the depositary on the 
possibility of transfer and reuse of AIF assets 
Art 23(1Xo) 
N/A. 
Information about any transfer of liability to the 
prime broker that may exist 
Art 23(1Xo) 
N/A. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
134 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108929 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255113 
EFTA01452048

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452049.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
DeAM Investor Services, Inc. 
345 Park Avenue 
New York. NY 10154-0010 
Attention: 
Adam Grew 
Tel: 
Europe. Mena And Asia Pacific 
Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London 
EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom 
Attention: 
Charles Smith 
Tel: 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli: 
Tel: 
Confrdenbal Private Placement Memorandum 
135 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255114 
DB-SDNY-0108930 
EFTA01452049

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452050.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
London 
Tr) op' cro 
Pacs an
• 
Dwight Asa( It Vs/LAO litenoposet %set 
the *ow ',arum 
and ocoon rnowytort otoottot. cord/oaf by Octavio Bet 
of 
ta, nd es stbotilhnot C,Nrin rod b. ;toad ['woof.. Ane &Weak. Muroran tortoni. or :antes* be ono at own 1/490 onto., tat ISIS 
sionohod to clams prawn: to to =ma airootrent dins man* a othot docutncotorton atom to such Roans a Ina 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0108931 
SDNY_GM_00255115 
EFTA01452050

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452051.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
[This Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108932 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255116 
EFTA01452051

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452052.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
APPENDIX B 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 108934 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255118 
EFTA01452052

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452053.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
[This Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108935 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255119 
EFTA01452053

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452054.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Draft-18 December 2013 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
Dated 1 
 20141 
THE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY U.S. STATE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES 
LAWS 
IN 
RELIANCE 
UPON 
EXEMPTIONS 
FROM 
THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS. 
INTERESTS MUST BE ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND ARE SUBJECT 
TO SIGNIFICANT RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY. INTERESTS MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED, SOLD, ASSIGNED OR 
TRANSFERRED AT ANY TIME EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES 
ACT, ANY APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS 
PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT, 
INCLUDING 
SECTION 
10.1(a) 
HEREOF. 
THEREFORE, PURCHASERS OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE 
RISK OF THEIR INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
5049-5934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108938 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255120 
EFTA01452054

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452055.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
ARTICLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1.1 
Definitions 
1.2 
Name and Registered Principal Place of Business.  
1.3 
Purposes. 
1.4 
Registration Pursuant to the Act 
1.5 
Term. 
1.6 
Fiscal Year. 
1.7 
Powers 
1.8 
Specific Authorisation.  
1.9 
Amendment and Restatement of Agreement; Admission of Limited 
Partners.  
1.10 
Expenses.  
1.11 
Register. 
ARTICLE II 
THE GENERAL PARTNER 
2.1 
Management of the Fund, etc 
2.2 
Reliance by Third Parties 
2.3 
Conflicts of Interest, etc. 
2.4 
Liability of the General Partner and Other Covered Persons. 
2.5 
No Exclusion for Breach of Regulation 
2.6 
Removal of the General Partner 
2.7 
Bankruptcy, Dissolution or Withdrawal of the General Partner 
2.8 
Payment by the General Partner of its Private Debts 
ARTICLE III 
THE LIMITED PARTNERS 
3.1 
No Participation in Management; Voting, Notifications etc.  
3.2 
Limitation of Liability 
3.3 
No Priority.  
3.4 
ERISA Partners and Public Plan Partners 
3.5 
Limited Partners Subject to the Bank Holding Company Act. 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108937 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255121 
EFTA01452055

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452056.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
3.6 
Insolvency, Dissolution or Withdrawal of a Limited Partner 
3.7 
Advisory Committee 
3.8 
Regulatory Matters 
ARTICLE IV 
INVESTMENTS 
4.1 
Portfolio Investments. 
4.2 
Investment Restrictions 
4.3 
Plan Assets. 
4.4 
Temporary Investments. 
4.5 
Related Investment Funds 
ARTICLE V 
COMMITMENTS; CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
Capital Contributions 
5.2 
Commitments 
5.3 
Loans 
5.4 
Loan Advances 
5.5 
Repayment of Unused Loans 
5.6 
Partners Excused from Advancing Loans 
5.7 
Defaulting Partners.  
5.8 
Suspension and Early Termination of Investment Period 
ARTICLE VI 
PARTNER ACCOUNTS; DISTRIBUTIONS; ALLOCATIONS; WITHHOLDING 
6.1 
Partner Accounts 
6.2 
Distributions Attributable to Portfolio Investments 
6.3 
Tax Distributions. 
6.4 
General Distribution Provisions 
6.5 
Distributions in Kind 
6.6 
Negative Partner Accounts. 
6.7 
No Withdrawal of Capital or Repayment of Loans. 
6.8 
U.S. Tax Matters 
6.9 
Withholding. 
6.10 
Structuring of Investments 
6.11 EU Savings Directive 
iii 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108938 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255122 
EFTA01452056

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452057.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
ARTICLE VII 
APPOINTMENT OF THE MANAGER; GENERAL PARTNER'S SHARE 
7.1 
Appointment of the Manager 
7.2 
Regulated Activities 
7.3 
General Partner's Share. 
7.4 
Drawings by GP Ltd. 
7.5 
Allocation of Profits 
7.6 
Removal of the Manager 
ARTICLE VIII 
BOOKS AND RECORDS; REPORTS TO PARTNERS; ETC. 
8.1 
Maintenance of Books and Records. 
8.2 
Audits and Reports 
8.3 
Annual Meeting.  
8.4 
Tax Information. 
ARTICLE IX 
INDEMNIFICATION 
9.1 
Indemnification of Covered Persons 
9.2 
Return of Certain Distributions to Fund Indemnification 
9.3 
Other Sources of Recovery. 
9.4 
Indemnification Agreements for Covered Persons 
ARTICLE X 
TRANSFERS; SUBSEQUENT CLOSING PARTNERS 
10.1 
Transfers by Partners. 
10.2 
Subsequent Closing Partners 
ARTICLE XI 
DISSOLUTION AND WINDING UP OF THE FUND 
11.1 
Dissolution. 
11.2 
Winding Up 
11.3 
Clawback. 
11.4 
Dissolution. 
iv 
60496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108939 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255123 
EFTA01452057

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452058.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
ARTICLE Xil 
AMENDMENTS; POWER OF ATTORNEY 
12.1 
Amendments. 
12.2 
Power of Attorney 
ARTICLE XIII 
MISCELLANEOUS 
13.1 
Notices.  
13.2 
Interpretation 
13.3 
Table of Contents and Headings 
13.4 
Successors and Assignees. 
13.5 
Severability.  
100 
13.6 
Further Actions.  
100 
13.7 
Determinations of the Partners 
100 
13.8 
Non-Waiver 
101 
13.9 
Applicable Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
101 
13.10 Confidentiality.  
101 
13.11 Survival of Certain Provisions 
103 
13.12 Waiver of Partition 
104 
13.13 Entire Agreement; Most Favoured Nations Provision 
104 
13.14 VAT. 
106 
13.15 No Third Party Beneficiaries. 
106 
13.16 Set-off.  
106 
13.17 Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements 
106 
13.18 Non-Recognition of Trust Arrangements. 
107 
13.19 Counsel.  
107 
13.20 Currency 
107 
13.21 Deed. 
107 
13.22 Counterparts; Signatures 
107 
13.23 Agent for Service. 
107 
Exhibit 1 
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
v 
5049690401 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108940 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255124 
EFTA01452058

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452059.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
This AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
of Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP, an English limited partnership (the "Fund"), is 
executed on In by and among Leonardo Secondary Opportunities Fund III (GP) 
Limited, as a general partner of the Fund, Leonardo Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
(Alternate GP), LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as a general partner of the Fund, the 
Special Limited Partner, the Initial Limited Partner, the Manager (solely for the purpose 
of agreeing to the provisions of this Agreement that contain rights, obligations or duties 
of the Manager, so as to benefit from such rights and to assume and be bound by such 
obligations and duties, but the Manager shall not thereby become or be deemed a partner 
of the Fund) and the other Persons that have adhered to this Agreement from time to time 
as limited partners of the Fund. Capitalised terms used herein without definition have the 
meanings specified in Section 1.1. 
RECITALS• 
WHEREAS, the Fund has been registered as an English limited partnership under 
the Act on ICI with registered number [o] and since its formation has been governed by 
the limited partnership agreement of the Fund, dated [el (the "Original Agreement") 
between Leonardo III Initial GP Limited, as the initial general partner, the General 
Partner and the Initial Limited Partner. On or about [0] the initial general partner was 
replaced by the General Partner as the general partners of the Fund; and 
WHEREAS, the General Partner and the Initial Limited Partner desire to amend 
and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety and to enter into this Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree to continue the Fund and 
hereby amend and restate the Original Agreement, which is replaced and superseded in 
its entirety by this Agreement, as follows: 
1.1 
forth below: 
ARTICLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Definitions. As used herein the following terms have the meanings set 
"Act" shall mean the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 of the United 
Kingdom, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"Additional Payment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2(b). 
"Additional Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.13(6). 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108941 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255125 
EFTA01452059

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452060.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Adjustment Date" shall mean the last day of each Fiscal Year and any 
other date that the General Partner determines in its good faith and reasonable 
discretion to be appropriate for an interim closing of the Fund's books. 
"Advisers Act" shall mean the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as 
amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. 
"Advisory Committee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(a). 
"Advisory Committee Indemnitee" shall mean a Person serving, or who 
has served, as a member of the Advisory Committee (and, with respect to Claims 
or Damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Limited Partner or 
the investor in a Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund, as the case may be, that nominated 
such Person and each of such Limited Partner's or investor's officers, directors, 
employees, partners, members, managers, agents and other representatives). 
"Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, a Person that 
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled 
by, or is under common control with, the Person specified, provided that Portfolio 
Companies (and portfolio companies of any Alternative Investment Vehicles), 
Portfolio Investments (and portfolio investments of any Alternative Investment 
Vehicles) and Related Investment Funds shall be deemed not to be "Affiliates" of 
the Manager, the General Partner or the Fund. For the purposes of this definition, 
(a) the term "control" and its corollaries means (1) the direct or indirect ownership 
of in excess of 50% of the equity interests (or interests convertible into or 
otherwise exchangeable for equity interests) in a Person or (ii) the possession of 
the direct or indirect right to vote in excess of 50% of the voting Securities or 
elect in excess of 50% of the board of directors or other governing body of a 
Person (whether by Securities ownership, contract or otherwise) and (b) unless the 
General Partner determines otherwise, a limited partnership will be deemed to be 
"controlled" by its general partner. 
"Affiliated Partner" shall mean, subject to Section 7.6(i), an Executive 
Fund Partner (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Special Limited Partner) 
and any other Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) that is an Affiliate of 
Deutsche Bank. 
"Agreement" shall mean this Amended and Restated Limited Partnership 
Agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
"Alternative Investment Vehicle" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 4.5(d). 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108942 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255128 
EFTA01452060

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452061.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Annual Meeting" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.3. 
"Applicable Points" shall mean (a) with respect to (i) a Limited Partner 
(other than a Feeder Fund) whose Commitment is less than $50 million and (ii) an 
investor in a Feeder Fund whose commitment (or equivalent) to such Feeder Fund 
is less than $50 million, zero basis points, (b) with respect to (0 a Limited Partner 
(other than a Feeder Fund) whose Commitment is $50 million or more but less 
than $100 million and (ii) an investor in a Feeder Fund whose commitment (or 
equivalent) to such Feeder Fund is $50 million or more but less than $100 million, 
basis points; and (c) with respect to (0 a Limited Partner (other than a Feeder 
Fund) whose Commitment is $100 million or more and (ii) an investor in a Feeder 
Fund whose commitment (or equivalent) to such Feeder Fund is $100 million or 
more, 20 basis points. 
"Authorised Person" shall mean a Person who is an authorised person for 
the purposes of FSMA and whose Part 4A permission under FSMA includes 
'managing an AIF'. 
"Available Assets" shall mean, as of any date, the excess of (a) the cash, 
cash equivalent items and other Temporary Investments held by the Fund over 
(b) the sum of the amount of such items as the General Partner determines in its 
reasonable discretion and in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the 
payment of the Fund's expenses, liabilities and obligations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, drawings on account of the General Partner's Share), 
(whether fixed or contingent, current or future) other than the Loans, or for the 
establishment of appropriate reserves for such expenses, liabilities and obligations 
as may arise, including the maintenance of adequate working capital for the 
continued conduct of the Fund's investment activities and operations and amounts 
in respect of the exercise price of options, warrants and similar securities or 
instruments purchased or received or anticipated to be purchased or received in 
connection with Portfolio Investments. 
"BHC Act" shall mean the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as 
amended from time to time. 
"BHC Partner" shall mean a Limited Partner that (a) is subject to the 
BHC Act or is directly or indirectly "controlled" (as that term is defined in the 
BHC Act) by a company that is subject to the BHC Act and (b) so indicates in its 
Deed of Adherence or otherwise in a writing acknowledged by the General 
Partner on or before the Closing at which such Limited Partner is admitted to 
the Fund as a BHC Partner. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108943 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255127 
EFTA01452061

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452062.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Business Day" shall mean any day other than (a) Saturday and Sunday 
and (b) a day on which banks located in London, United Kingdom are required or 
authorised by law to remain closed. 
"Capital Contribution" shall mean, with respect to any Partner, the 
aggregate amount contributed to the capital of the Fund by such Partner, being the 
aggregate amount contributed by such Partner pursuant to Section 5.1. 
"Claims" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(a). 
"Closing" shall mean the Initial Closing and any subsequent closing of the 
sale of Interests or any interests in any Parallel Fund in accordance with Section 
10.2 or the equivalent section of the partnership agreement or other governing 
documents of such Parallel Fund. 
"Code" shall mean the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
from time to time. 
"Co-Investment" shall mean a co-investment by the Fund (directly or 
indirectly) in a Portfolio Company alongside one or more private equity fund 
sponsors (and any Follow-On Investments in any such co-investment, but not 
including any Direct Secondary) as reasonably determined by the Manager as the 
context requires. 
"Co-Investment Fund" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 4.5(b)(i). 
"Co-Investors" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5(bXii). 
"Commitment" shall mean, with respect to any Partner, the amount of 
such Partner's commitment to the Fund as set forth in the Deed of Adherence of 
such Partner as accepted by the Manager and as set forth in the Register (or, in the 
case of the General Partner, as set forth in the Register only), as such amount may 
be decreased in connection with a Transfer by such Partner pursuant to Section 
10.1, increased by such Partner pursuant to Section 10.2 or as otherwise adjusted 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, which aggregate amount shall 
include the amount contributed by such Partner as a Capital Contribution and the 
amount of the Loans agreed to be advanced by such Partner to the Fund. 
"Complementary Fund" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(e). 
"Covered Person" shall mean the General Partner, the Manager and each 
of their respective Affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the 
Fund; each of the current and former officers, directors, employees, managers, 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108944 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255128 
EFTA01452062

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452063.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP 111 - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
agents (other than any Placement Agents) of any of the General Partner, the 
Manager and each of their respective Affiliates who have acted directly or 
indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each Advisory Committee Indemnitee; and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a Covered Person who 
serves at the request of the General Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly 
on behalf of the Fund. 
"Damages" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(a). 
"DB Private Equity" shall mean the private equity platform of the Asset 
and Wealth Management division of Deutsche Bank. 
"Deed of Adherence" shall mean the deed of adherence executed by a 
Limited Partner in connection with its admission as a limited partner to the Fund. 
"Default" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(a). 
"Defaulted Amount" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(b). 
"Defaulted Commitment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5.7(c). 
"Defaulting Partner" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(a). 
"Deutsche Bank" shall mean Deutsche Bank AG. 
"Direct Secondary" shall mean an investment interest held by the Fund 
(directly or indirectly) in a portfolio of direct private equity assets (and any 
Follow-On Investments in any such investment interest, but not including any Co-
Investment) as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"Disabling Conduct" shall mean, (a) with respect to any Person other than 
voting members of the Advisory Committee (in their capacity as such), a material 
violation of this Agreement by such Person that, if curable, is not cured within (i) 
days after a written notice describing such violation has been given to such 
Person or (ii) 60 days after such Person acquires actual knowledge of such 
violation; such Person's conviction of a felony or a wilful violation of law by such 
Person; fraud, wilful misconduct, bad faith or Gross Negligence by or of such 
Person; or reckless disregard of duties by such Person in the conduct of such 
Person's office and (b) with respect to each voting member of the Advisory 
Committee (in their capacity as such), fraud or wilful malfeasance by or of such 
member. 
"Distributable Cash" shall mean cash received by the Fund from the sale 
or other disposition of, or dividends, interest or other income from or in respect 
60496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108945 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255129 
EFTA01452063

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452064.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
"Excused Partner" shall mean, with respect to any Direct Secondary or 
Co-Investment, the Limited Partner that, pursuant to Section 5.6, has been 
excused from advancing a Loan. 
"Executive Fund Partner" shall mean the Special Limited Partner and each 
other Feeder Fund formed by the General Partner, the Manager or an Affiliate of 
the Manager to provide employees of the Manager and its Affiliates with the 
opportunity to invest indirectly in the Fund. 
"Existing Fund" shall mean each of DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, 
L.P., DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., DB Secondary Opportunities 
Fund C, L.P. and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P., each a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership, and SOF II. 
"FCA" shall mean the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (and 
any successor body). 
"FCA Handbook" shall mean the Handbook of rules and guidance of the 
FCA in force from time to time. 
"FCA Rules" shall mean the rules of the FCA as set forth in the FCA 
Handbook, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"FCC" shall mean the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, or any 
governmental entity that succeeds to the powers and functions thereof 
"FCC Rules" shall mean the rules, regulations or written policies of the 
FCC (a) that limit or restrict ownership in Media Companies on the basis of 
ownership in other Media Companies or under which the Fund's ownership of a 
Media Company may be attributed to the Limited Partners (or a Limited Partner's 
ownership of another Media Company may be subject to limitation or restriction 
as a result of the ownership by the Fund of such Media Company or another 
Media Company), including the rules, regulations or written policies of the FCC 
that provide for the insulation from such attributable interests in Media 
Companies, or (Li) that limit or restrict ownership of Media Companies by Non-
U.S. Persons (as defined by the FCC), as such rules, regulations or written 
policies may be modified from time to time. 
"Fee Income" shall mean 100% of the sum of all directors' fees, 
transaction fees, investment banking fees, break-up fees, advisory fees, 
monitoring fees or other similar fees received by the Manager or any of its 
Affiliates (or, if any Existing Funds, Related Investment Funds, Successor Funds 
or Other Accounts have made an investment in a Direct Secondary or a Co-
Investment, the Fund's pro 'via share of such fees based on the capital invested in 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108947 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255131 
EFTA01452064

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452065.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
such Direct Secondary or Co-Investment by the Fund and such other Persons) for 
services provided by the General Partner, the Manager, any Key Person or by 
employees of the Manager or an Affiliate of the Manager providing such services 
under the supervision of any Key Person in connection with the consummation, 
holding or disposition of a Direct Secondary or Co-Investment or the termination 
of an unconsummated Direct Secondary or Co-Investment, net of any 
unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Manager or any of its Affiliates in 
connection with the consummation, holding or disposition of a Portfolio 
Investment or the termination of an unconsummated investment; and, for the 
avoidance of any doubt, such fees shall not include any fees received directly or 
indirectly from a Direct Secondary or Co-Investment, proposed Direct Secondary 
or Co-Investment or any other Person in respect of any investor or potential 
investor other than the Fund in such Direct Secondary or Co-Investment or 
proposed Direct Secondary or Co-Investment, or the capital provided or proposed 
to be provided by any investor or potential investor other than the Fund. For these 
purposes, directors' fees shall include any options, warrants and other non-cash 
compensation paid, granted or otherwise conveyed for services as members of 
boards of directors of Portfolio Companies received by the Manager or any of its 
Affiliates, including any employees thereof. Fee Income shall not include any 
fees paid to the Manager or any of its Affiliates if such fees were paid for 
investment banking or other services actually rendered as part of the regular 
business of the Manager or any of its Affiliates. All fees shall be calculated 
exclusive of VAT and expenses shall include any associated irrecoverable VAT. 
"Feeder Fund" shall mean the Special Limited Partner and each other 
Limited Partner designated as a 'Feeder Fund' by the General Partner. 
"Feeder Fund Investor" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
13.13(c). 
"Final Admission Date" shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar 
month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later date 
as determined by the Manager and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
"Fiscal Year" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.6. 
"Follow-On Investment" shall mean a Direct Secondary or Co-Investment 
that is an investment by the Fund in a Portfolio Company in which the Fund, 
directly or indirectly (other than through a Fund Secondary) holds Securities at 
the time of such investment as reasonably determined by the Manager as the 
context requires. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108948 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255132 
EFTA01452065

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452066.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Fund Secondary" shall mean (a) an interest held directly or indirectly by 
the Fund in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a 
fund of funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone 
transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired in a single transaction, in 
each case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, 
provided that any interest referred to in clause (a) shall be in a fund structure that 
either has an investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on 
investments) or has drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of its 
aggregate commitments, and provided that any portfolio of interests referred to in 
clause (b) shall be in fund structures that in the aggregate have drawn down or 
committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided 
further that the aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) shall be 
deemed to equal the amount drawn down in such fund structure. 
"Gazette" shall have the meaning set forth in section 10(2) of the Act. 
"General Partner" shall mean, subject to Section 2.1(b), each of GP Ltd, 
GP LP and/or any additional or successor general partner admitted to the Fund as 
a general partner thereof in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in each 
case in its capacity as a general partner of the Fund, in each case as the context 
requires, and shall exclude any Person that ceases to be a general partner of the 
Fund in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
"General Partner Expenses" shall mean the costs and expenses incurred by 
the General Partner in providing for its normal operating overhead, including 
directors' fees, rent and other expenses incurred in maintaining the General 
Partner's place of business, but not including Organisational Expenses. 
"General Partner's Share" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 7.3(a). 
"GP Draw Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(a). 
"GP LP" shall mean Leonardo Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
(Alternate GP), LP, a special purpose vehicle that is not an Affiliate of Deutsche 
Bank and that is established in Delaware as a limited partnership, and/or any 
successor thereto admitted to the Fund as a general partner thereof in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement, in each case in its capacity as a general partner 
of the Fund. 
"GP Ltd" shall mean Leonardo Secondary Opportunities Fund III (GP) 
Limited, a special purpose entity that is not an Affiliate of Deutsche Bank and that 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108950 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255134 
EFTA01452066

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452067.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
is established in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company, and/or any 
successor thereto, in each case in its capacity as a general partner of the Fund. 
"CPS Start Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(a). 
"Gross Negligence" shall have the meaning given to the concept of "gross 
negligence" as understood and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State 
of Delaware in the United States of America. 
"Incentive Points" shall mean with respect to a Limited Partner (other than 
a Feeder Fund) or an investor in a Feeder Fund, in either case that is admitted to 
the Fund or a Feeder Fund, as applicable, (a) after the Initial Closing, zero basis 
points and (b) at or prior to the Initial Closing, 5 basis points. 
"Indebtedness" shall mean (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money and 
all other similar obligations contingent or otherwise, including all indebtedness or 
similar obligations incurred under, in respect of or evidenced by notes, bonds, 
debentures, surety bonds, letters of credit, hedges and other similar financial 
contracts (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any deferred consideration 
payable by the Fund or any Person controlled by it in connection with any 
Portfolio Investment) and (b) all guarantees of indebtedness or the obligations of 
others of the type described in clause (a) above. 
"Initial Closing" shall mean the closing of the sale on the date hereof of 
one or more Interests pursuant to one or more Deeds of Adherence and the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement on the date hereof. 
"Initial Limited Partner" shall mean Deutsche Asset Management Group 
Limited. 
"Interest" shall mean, with respect to any Partner, the interest of such 
Partner in, or with respect to, the Fund in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, including such Partner's share in the profits and the capital of the 
Fund, such Partner's Capital Contribution, Loans, if any, and all other rights and 
obligations (including its Commitment) that such Partner has in, or with respect 
to, the Fund. 
"Invested Capital" shall mean, with respect to (a) any Limited Partner 
(other than a Feeder Fund) as of any date, an amount equal to the aggregate of (i) 
the Loans advanced by such Limited Partner in respect of Portfolio Investments, 
and (it) an amount, if any, equal to such portion of such Limited Partner's 
Remaining Commitment that has been reserved for investment in Portfolio 
Investments and (b) any investor in a Feeder Fund as of any date, an amount equal 
to the aggregate of (0 the commitment (or equivalent) advanced, directly or 
60496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108951 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255135 
EFTA01452067

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452068.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
indirectly, in respect of Portfolio Investments and (ii) an amount, if any, equal to 
such portion, of such investor's unfunded commitment (or equivalent) that has 
been reserved for investment, directly or indirectly, in Portfolio Investments. 
"Investment Company Act" shall mean the U.S. Investment Company Act 
of 1940, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. 
"Investment Management Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 7.1(c). 
"Investment Objectives" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. 
"Investment Period" shall mean the period commencing on the later of (a) 
the date on which the investment period of SOF II expires and (b) the date of the 
Initial Closing, and continuing until the end of the calendar quarter in which the 
earliest of the following occurs: (i) the date on which 100% of aggregate 
Commitments have been invested, committed for investment, used to pay 
expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for such purpose, (ii) the fourth 
anniversary of the Final Admission Date and (iii) the date of any permanent 
suspension or early termination of the Investment Period pursuant to Section 5.8. 
"Key Persons" shall mean Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Adam 
Graev, Chi Cheung and Francesco Rigamonti, and shall include such other 
individuals who shall from time to time be approved as Qualified Replacements. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any individual who has been replaced by a Qualified 
Replacement pursuant to Section 5.8 shall no longer be a Key Person. 
"LIBOR" shall mean the British Bankers' Association Interest 
Settlement Rate for three month U.S. dollars (or any successor thereto) 
displayed on the appropriate page of the Reuters screen at or about 11.00 a.m. 
(London time) on the relevant date or, if such page or such service ceases to 
be available, such other page or such other service for the purpose of 
displaying the British Bankers' Association Settlement Rate as the Manager 
shall reasonably select. 
"Limited Partner" shall mean a Person admitted as a limited partner of the 
Fund, which Person has been listed in the Register, and shall include such 
Person's successors and permitted assignees to the extent admitted to the Fund as 
limited partners in accordance with the terms hereof, in its capacity as a limited 
partner of the Fund, and shall exclude any Person that ceases to be a Partner in 
accordance with the terms hereof. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108952 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255136 
EFTA01452068

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452069.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Loan" shall mean, with respect to any Partner, the interest-free loan 
subordinated to the other obligations of the Fund in accordance with Section 5.3, 
advanced pursuant to a single Drawdown or the aggregate amount of loans so 
advanced, as the context may require, by such Partner to the Fund pursuant to this 
Agreement (other than Additional Payments and any other amounts specifically 
excluded from "Loans" as provided in this Agreement). 
"Majority (or other specified percentage) in Interest" shall mean Limited 
Partners, other than Defaulting Partners and any other Limited Partners expressly 
excluded in this Agreement, that at the time in question have combined aggregate 
Commitments in excess of 50% (or equal to or greater than such other specified 
percentage) of all Commitments, other than the Commitments of Defaulting 
Partners and any other Limited Partners expressly excluded in this Agreement, 
provided that, for the purposes of this definition, where an Affiliated Partner is 
expressly excluded in respect of the determination of a Majority (or other 
specified percentage) in Interest, such exclusion shall also include such portion of 
each Feeder Fund's Commitment that is attributable to investors of such Feeder 
Fund who would be Affiliated Partners if they were Limited Partners. 
"Manage?' shall mean Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited, an English limited company, or an Affiliate thereof, in either case in its 
capacity as the manager of the Fund, and any of their respective successors or 
assignees, as the case may be. 
"Marketable Securities" shall mean Securities that are (a) tradable on an 
established U.S. national or non-U.S. securities exchange, (b) reported through 
NASDAQ or a comparable established non-U.S. over-the-counter trading system 
or (c) otherwise traded over-the-counter or purchased and sold in transactions 
effected pursuant to Rule I 44A under the Securities Act, in each case that the 
General Partner determines in good faith are marketable at a price approximating 
their Value within a reasonable period of time and are not subject to restrictions 
on transfer (taking into account only such Securities) under the Securities Act or 
other applicable securities laws or subject to contractual restrictions on transfer. 
"Material Adverse Effect" shall mean (a) a violation of a statute, rule, 
order, directive, regulation of a U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. governmental 
authority or stock exchange regulatory organisation applicable to a Partner that is 
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on a Portfolio Investment or 
any Affiliate thereof or on the Fund, any Related Investment Fund, the General 
Partner, the Manager or any of their respective Affiliates or on any Partner or any 
Affiliate of any such Partner, (b) an occurrence that is reasonably likely to subject 
a Portfolio Investment or any Affiliate thereof or the Fund, the General Partner, 
the Manager or any of their respective Affiliates or any Partner or any Affiliate of 
any such Partner, to any material non-tax regulatory requirement to which it 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DEt-SDNY-0108953 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255137 
EFTA01452069

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452070.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
would not otherwise be subject, or that is reasonably likely to materially increase 
any such regulatory requirement beyond what it would otherwise have been, (c) a 
violation of any written investment policy of a Limited Partner that the General 
Partner has agreed in writing on or prior to the date of such Limited Partner's 
admission to the Fund is likely to have a material adverse effect on such Limited 
Partner (and such policy remains in effect as of the date on which a determination 
of Material Adverse Effect is being made) or (d) an occurrence that is reasonably 
likely to result in any Securities or other assets owned by the Fund being deemed 
to be "plan assets" under ERISA or that is reasonably likely to result in a 
"prohibited transaction" under ERISA. 
"Media Company" shall mean any Person that, directly or indirectly, 
owns, controls or operates a broadcast radio or television station, a cable 
television system, or a "daily newspaper" (as such term is defined in 
section 73.3555 of the FCC's rules and regulations, as amended from time to 
time), a "multipoint distribution service," any other communications facility 
operated pursuant to a license granted by the FCC and subject to the provisions of 
section 310(b) of the Communications Act, or any other business that is subject to 
the FCC Rules. 
"NASDAQ" shall mean the automated screen-based quotation and trade 
execution system operated by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or any successor 
thereto. 
"Non-Defaulting Partners" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.7(b). 
"Non-Plan Party" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(a). 
"Organisational Expenses" shall mean all costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with the formation and organisation of the Fund and the General 
Partner, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, including out-of-
pocket legal, accounting, printing, travel and filing fees and expenses; but not 
including Placement Fees. 
"Original Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals 
hereto. 
"Other Accounts" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a). 
"Parallel Fund" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5(c). 
"Partner Account" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108954 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255138 
EFTA01452070

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452071.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
"Partners" shall mean the General Partner and the Limited Partners. 
"Partnership Law" shall mean the Act and the Partnership Act 1890 of the 
United Kingdom (insofar as it applies to limited partnerships established under 
the Act) in each case as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"Period" shall mean, for the first Period, the period commencing on the 
date of the Initial Closing and ending on the next Adjustment Date; and for each 
subsequent Period shall mean the period commencing on the day after an 
Adjustment Date and ending on the next Adjustment Date. 
"Person" shall mean any individual, association or entity, including a body 
corporate, association (whether incorporated or unincorporated), company of any 
kind and with or without limited liability, partnership of any kind including a 
limited partnership and a limited liability partnership, joint-stock company, trust, 
government or governmental agency or authority. 
"PF1C" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.10(e). 
"Placement Agent" shall mean any placement agent so designated by the 
General Partner or the Manager. 
"Placement Fees" shall mean the fees and any interest on any deferred fees 
charged by any Placement Agent and other similar fees in connection with the 
marketing and sale of Interests. 
"Portfolio Company" shall mean a vehicle (including a company) in which 
an investment is made and continues to be held by the Fund, whether directly or 
indirectly, but excluding any intermediate vehicle in which a Fund Secondary, 
Direct Secondary, Co-Investment or Temporary Investment is made, whether 
directly or indirectly, as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context 
requires. 
"Portfolio Investment" shall mean each Direct Secondary, Fund 
Secondary and Co-Investment (other than a Temporary Investment) made by the 
Fund as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"Pre-Removal Investments" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 7.6(0. 
"Principals" shall mean Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith and such other 
individuals who shall from time to time be approved as Qualified Replacements. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any individual who has been replaced by an approved 
Qualified Replacement pursuant to Section 5.8 shall no longer be a Principal. 
50496004v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108955 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255139 
EFTA01452071

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452072.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Proceeding" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(a). 
"Public Plan Partner" shall mean a Limited Partner that (a) (i) is a 
governmental plan or a church plan within the meaning of sections 3(32) and 
3(33), respectively, of ERISA and (ii) so indicates on its Deed of Adherence or 
otherwise in a writing acknowledged by the General Partner on or before the date 
at which such Limited Partner is admitted to the Fund or (b) is designated by the 
General Partner in writing on or before the date at which such Limited Partner is 
admitted to the Fund as a Public Plan Partner. 
"Qualified Replacement" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.8(aXii). 
"Register" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.11. 
"Registrar" shall mean the Registrar of Limited Partnerships in England 
and Wales. 
"Regulated Activities Order" shall mean the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 of the United Kingdom, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"Related Investment Funds" shall mean all Co-Investment Funds, Parallel 
Funds and Alternative Investment Vehicles established by the General Partner, 
the Manager or any of its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement or the governing 
document of the relevant Co-Investment Fund, Parallel Fund or Alternative 
Investment Vehicle, as the context requires. 
"Remaining Commitment" shall mean, with respect to any Partner, the 
amount of such Partner's Commitment, determined at any date, that has not been 
contributed to the Fund as a Capital Contribution or advanced to the Fund as a 
Loan, and increased by all distributions from the Fund to such Partner and all 
repayments of such Partner's Loans in each case to the extent (a) repaid without 
being used by the Fund pursuant to Section 5.5, (b) as provided in Section 4.1(c), 
(c) returned in connection with the admission of a Subsequent Closing Partner to 
the Fund or a subsequent closing partner (or similar member) to any Parallel 
Fund, or (d) used to fund drawings on account of the General Partner's Share or to 
pay Fund Expenses (other than the repayment of principal amounts of 
Indebtedness used to fund the acquisition cost of Portfolio Investments) or 
Organisational Expenses, and to the extent that the General Partner identified such 
amounts to the Limited Partners in writing as increasing the Remaining 
Commitment at the time of, or within a reasonable period of time following, the 
relevant distribution, provided that if the date of determination with respect to a 
Partner is after delivery of a Drawdown Notice but before the related Drawdown 
5049030401 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108958 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255140 
EFTA01452072

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452073.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Date, at no time shall the aggregate amount of (i) the amount specified in the 
relevant Drawdown Notice and (ii) the amount required to be paid pursuant to any 
other Drawdown Notices outstanding prior to such Drawdown Date exceed such 
Partner's Remaining Commitment as of the date of such determination. 
"Removal Conduct" shall mean with respect to any Person (including any 
Key Person) (a) a material violation of the Agreement or the Investment 
Management Agreement having a material adverse effect on the Fund or (b) the 
committing of a fraud, felony, wilful illegal act, Gross Negligence, bad faith, 
wilful misconduct or wilful default, in each case in connection with any such 
Person's activities by or on behalf of, or directly or indirectly in connection with, 
the Fund. 
"Runoff Activities" shall mean (a) holding, disposing of and otherwise 
dealing with the investments and other assets of the Fund, (b) completing 
investments and making additional contributions, advances or meeting obligations 
with respect to which commitments have been made as of the suspension of the 
Investment Period, (c) making further investments only in Temporary Investments 
and Follow-On Investments, (d) issuing Drawdown Notices in respect of Follow-
On Investments, Indebtedness, Organisational Expenses, Fund Expenses and to 
fund the General Partner's Share or any drawing on account thereof, (e) engaging 
in the other non-investment activities of the Fund and (J) engaging in other 
activities that the General Partner or the Manager reasonably determines are 
necessary or advisable to the foregoing. 
"Securities" shall mean shares of capital stock, partnership or limited 
partnership interests, limited liability company interests, warrants, options, bonds, 
notes, debentures and other equity and debt securities of whatever kind of any 
Person, whether readily marketable or not. 
"Securities Act" shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission promulgated thereunder. 
"Sharing Percentage" shall mean, with respect to any Partner and any 
Portfolio Investment or other investment, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, 
(a) the numerator of which is the aggregate amount of Loans advanced or deemed 
advanced by such Partner used to fund the cost of, or make contributions or 
advances to, such Portfolio Investment or other investment and (b) the 
denominator of which is the aggregate amount of the Loans advanced or deemed 
advanced by all of the Partners used to fund the cost of, or make contributions or 
advances to, such Portfolio Investment or other investment, in each case as 
reasonably determined by the General Partner. 
50498904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108957 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255141 
EFTA01452073

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452074.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Side Letter" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.13(a). 
"SOF II" shall mean DB Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish 
limited partnership. 
"Special Limited Partner" shall mean [name of curly vehicle], or its duly 
appointed successors and assignees (provided that any such successor or assignee 
shall be a vehicle in which Deutsche Bank, one or more of its Affiliates and/or 
their respective employees, directly or indirectly (including by way of any 
derivative contract) has a substantial economic interest), in its capacity as an 
Executive Fund Partner. 
"Special Limited Partner Capital Contribution" shall have the meaning set 
forth in Section 5.1(c). 
"Subscription-Line Indebtedness" shall mean any Indebtedness 
outstanding (including interest payable thereon) that is secured by a pledge or 
assignment of or security interest over all or any part of the General Partner's 
right to call for and receive Loans or a Limited Partner's obligation to advance 
Loans (and associated rights, entitlements and bank accounts). 
"Subsequent Closing Partner" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 10.2(a). 
"Substitute Partner" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(c). 
"Successor Fund" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(e). 
"Suspension Event" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.8(a). 
"Target Amount" shall mean, with respect to any Limited Partner, an 
amount equal to the amount the Special Limited Partner would receive if, on the 
date of determination, the cumulative amount of Distributable Cash theretofore 
apportioned to such Limited Partner pursuant to the second sentence of 
Section 6.2(a) were distributed to such Limited Partner and the Special Limited 
Partner pursuant to Sections 6.2(a)(i) through (iv), assuming for this purpose that 
no prior distributions had been made to such Limited Partner or the Special 
Limited Partner from the Fund in respect of a Portfolio Investment or a 
Temporary Investment (other than for purposes of computing the Limited 
Partner's internal rate of return for purposes of Section 6.2(a), which shall be 
computed based on actual advances of Loans made, payments made pursuant to 
Section 9.2 and distributions received in respect of such Limited Partner's 
Interest). 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108958 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255142 
EFTA01452074

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452075.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
value shall have been approved by the Advisory Committee, or if not so 
approved, by an independent internationally recognised investment banking, 
accounting or other appraisal firm selected by the General Partner and approved 
by the Advisory Committee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld). 
"VAT" shall mean value added tax and any equivalent tax chargeable in 
the United Kingdom or elsewhere, including interest and penalties thereon. 
1.2 
Name and Registered Principal Place of Business. 
(a) 
Name. The name of the Fund is Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP. 
(b) 
Principal Place of Business. The initial principal place of business of the 
Fund in England was Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. 
The registered principal place of business of the Fund is at the address specified in 
Section 13.1 (as the same may be changed by the General Partner from time to time in 
accordance with Section 13.1) as the address to which notices to the General Partner 
(other than notices in respect of Proceedings) should be delivered. For the purposes of 
the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013, the head office of the Fund 
is at the address of the Manager as notified to the General Partner from time to time (with 
such address as at the date hereof being Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester St, 
London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom). 
1.3 
Purposes. The purposes of the Fund are (a) to seek attractive risk adjusted 
investment returns, principally in the form of capital appreciation by acquiring, holding, 
financing, refinancing and disposing of a diverse portfolio of investments in buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed 
opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets, in accordance with and subject to the 
other provisions of this Agreement, by acquiring (globally but primarily in the United 
States of America and Europe) (0 interests in generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market, (ii) investment interests in portfolios of direct private equity assets on 
the secondary market, (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies alongside 
one or more private equity sponsors and (iv) such other investments that are consistent 
with, or complementary to, the foregoing investments, as determined in the sole 
discretion of the General Partner (the "Investment Obiectives"), (b) to engage in such 
other activities as the General Partner deems reasonably necessary or advisable in 
connection with the foregoing and (c) to engage in any other lawful acts or activities 
incidental to the foregoing. 
1.4 
Registration Pursuant to the Act The Fund is a limited partnership that 
has been registered pursuant to the Act. In accordance with the Act, the General Partner 
shall cause each Limited Partner's Capital Contribution to be registered as the amount of 
capital contributed to the capital of the Fund by such Limited Partner. To the extent 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108960 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255144 
EFTA01452075

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452076.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
required by the Act, the General Partner shall provide a written statement to the Registrar 
notifying it of any change that may occur in the particulars required to be provided under 
the Act and specifying the date and nature of such change. 
1.5 
Term. The Fund was formed on [el and shall continue, unless sooner 
dissolved or terminated, until the seventh anniversary of the Final Admission Date, save 
that, unless the Fund is sooner dissolved or terminated, the term of the Fund may be 
extended by the Manager for up to five successive periods of one year each for the 
purposes of disposing, or awaiting the winding-up, of any unrealised Portfolio Investment 
(such term, including any such extensions, being referred to as the "Term"). 
Notwithstanding the expiration of the Term, the Fund shall continue in existence until the 
filing of a notice of dissolution of the Fund in accordance with Section 11.4. 
1.6 
Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Fund shall end on the 3151 day of 
December in each year (the "Fiscal Year"). Except as otherwise required by law, the 
Fund shall have the same Fiscal Year for income tax and financial and partnership 
accounting purposes. 
1.7 
Powers. Subject to Sections 2.1, 7.2 and the other provisions of this 
Agreement, the General Partner (or, pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 7.2, the Manager, as 
applicable) shall be and hereby is authorised and empowered to do or cause to be done 
any and all acts determined by the General Partner to be necessary or advisable in 
furtherance of the purposes of the Fund, without any further act, approval or vote of any 
Person, including any Limited Partner; and without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, but subject to this Agreement, the General Partner (or, pursuant to Sections 2.1 
and 7.2, the Manager, as applicable (other than in relation to Section 1.7(f) below)) is, 
subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, hereby authorised and empowered: 
(a) 
to acquire, hold, Transfer, manage, finance, refinance, vote and own 
Securities and any other assets held by, or for the benefit of, the Fund, in accordance with 
and subject to the Investment Objectives; 
(b) 
to establish, maintain or close one or more offices within or outside of the 
United Kingdom and in connection therewith to rent or acquire office space and to 
engage personnel; 
(c) 
to open, maintain and close bank, brokerage and money market accounts, 
to draw cheques or other orders for the payment of moneys, to exchange U.S. dollars held 
by the Fund into non-U.S. currencies and vice-versa, to invest such funds as are 
temporarily not otherwise required for Fund purposes in Temporary Investments and to 
enter into forwards, futures and swaps contracts to hedge, in respect of Portfolio 
Investments, for non-speculative purposes (0 currency risks, (it) interest rate risks and 
(iii) equity market risks. For the avoidance of doubt, any such hedging transaction may 
be entered into with Deutsche Bank or any of its Affiliates (to the extent permitted by 
50496004v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108961 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255145 
EFTA01452076

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452077.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Initial Limited Partner shall have no further rights or claims against, or obligations as a 
partner of, the Fund. A Person shall be admitted at the Initial Closing as a limited partner 
of the Fund at the time that (I) such Person has duly executed and delivered a Deed of 
Adherence which has been accepted by the Manager, 00 such Person has made a Capital 
Contribution to the Fund in accordance with Section 5.1(a) or such Capital Contribution 
has been made by the General Partner, the Manager or a Person designated by the 
General Partner or the Manager on such Person's behalf, in accordance with Section 
5.1(a) and (iii) such Person is listed by the General Partner as a limited partner of the 
Fund on the Register. After the Initial Closing, Persons shall be admitted as Limited 
Partners of the Fund as provided in Article X. 
1.10 
Expenses. All Organisational Expenses up to a maximum of $2,500,000 
(excluding VAT, if any, thereon) and Fund Expenses shall be paid by the Fund. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fund shall pay any VAT payable on Organisational Expenses or 
Fund Expenses. To the extent that any of the Manager, a Related Investment Fund or any 
of their respective Affiliates pays any Organisational Expenses or Fund Expenses, the 
Fund shall reimburse such Person upon request. Organisational Expenses in excess of 
$2,500,000 shall not be borne by the Fund. 
1.11 
Register. Subject to Section 7.2, the General Partner shall cause to be 
maintained at the principal office of the General Partner the books and records of the 
Fund, which shall include, among other things, the name, address and amount of the 
Commitment of each Partner and such other information as the General Partner may 
deem necessary or desirable (the "Register"). The Register shall not be part of this 
Agreement. The General Partner shall, from time to time, update the Register as 
necessary to accurately reflect the information therein. Any reference in this Agreement 
to the Register shall be deemed a reference to the Register as in effect from time to time. 
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the General Partner may take any action 
authorised hereunder in respect of the Register without any need to obtain the consent of 
any other Partner. No action of any Limited Partner shall be required to amend or update 
the Register. 
ARTICLE II 
THE GENERAL PARTNER 
2.1 
Management of the Fund. etc. 
(a) 
Subject to Sections 2.1(b) and 7.2, the management, control and operation 
of and the determination of policy with respect to the Fund and its investment and other 
activities shall be vested exclusively in the General Partner (or, in relation to the matters 
referred to in Section 7.2, an Authorised Person who shall, as of the date hereof, be the 
Manager), in each case acting directly or through its duly appointed agents, each of which 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108964 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255148 
EFTA01452077

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452078.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
is hereby authorised and empowered, within the scope of such authority on behalf and in 
the name of the Fund and in its own name, if necessary or appropriate, but subject to the 
other provisions of this Agreement, to carry out any and all of the purposes of the Fund 
and to perform all acts and enter into and perform all contracts and other undertakings 
that it may deem necessary or advisable thereto, including organising any Related 
Investment Funds. Subject to Sections 2.1(b) and 7.2, the General Partner and the 
Manager (within the scope of its appointment as set forth in Sections 7.1 and 7.2) may 
exercise on behalf of the Fund or in their own names all of the powers set forth in 
Sections 1.7 and 1.8, provided that no power shall be exercised by the Manager if such 
exercise would cause the Manager to be in breach of FSMA. 
(b) 
Subject to Section 7.2 and notwithstanding any other provision to the 
contrary contained in this Agreement: 
(i) 
GP Ltd shall be exclusively responsible for managing and 
operating the Fund (as described in Section 2.1(a)); 
(ii) 
GP Ltd shall exclusively have the power (itself and through any 
agent or other delegate) to bind the Fund; 
(iii) 
GP Ltd may exercise all the rights of the General Partner under this 
Agreement, under the Partnership Law and otherwise alone (and without the 
consent of GP LP), subject only to the provisions of this Agreement; 
(iv) 
GP Ltd may consult with GP LP in relation to the management and 
operation of the Fund to the extent that GP Ltd determines in its sole discretion 
that such consultation is desirable or appropriate; 
(v) 
GP LP shall have the right, upon written request, to be consulted 
by GP Ltd in connection with the operation and management of the Fund; and 
(vi) 
in the event of any disagreement between GP LP and GP Ltd, the 
view of GP Ltd shall prevail. 
2.2 
Reliance by Third Parties. In dealing with the Manager, no Person shall 
be required to inquire as to the Manager's or any such agent's authority to bind the Fund. 
2.3 
Conflicts of Interest, etc. 
(a) 
General.
(i) 
Subject to Section 2.3(e), the Limited Partners acknowledge and 
agree that DB Private Equity, the Manager and its Affiliates currently sponsor, 
advise and manage and may in the future sponsor, advise and manage other 
investment vehicles, clients and separate accounts (collectively, the "Other 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108965 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255149 
EFTA01452078

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452079.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
conflict of interest, and if the Advisory Committee expressly waives such conflict 
of interest or potential conflict of interest, or the General Partner or the Manager 
acts in a manner or pursuant to standards or procedures approved by the Advisory 
Committee with respect to such conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, 
then none of the Related Investment Funds, the Other Accounts, the General 
Partner, the Manager, the Principals or any of their respective Affiliates shall have 
any liability to the Fund or any Partner for such actions in respect of such matter 
taken in good faith by them, including actions in the pursuit of their own interests, 
and such actions shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement or any other 
agreement contemplated herein or of any duty or obligation of such Person at law 
or in equity or otherwise in respect of such actions or such matter. For the 
avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Agreement, the Manager or any of its Affiliates may provide services of any kind 
and charge fees to (A) any Portfolio Companies and (B) the private equity fund 
managers or sponsors of, or any underlying portfolio companies of, the Fund 
Secondaries, Direct Secondaries or Co-Investments without the Manager or any 
of its Affiliates being under any obligation to notify or consult with or obtain the 
consent of the Advisory Committee or any Limited Partner. 
(b) 
Transactions with Affiliates. (1) To the extent permitted by applicable 
law, the Fund may enter into (A) contracts and transactions with any of the Manager and 
its Affiliates, expressly authorised or contemplated by this Agreement and (B) any such 
contracts or transactions not expressly authorised or contemplated by this Agreement and 
(ii) the Manager and its Affiliates may enter into (A) contracts and transactions with the 
Fund expressly authorised or contemplated by this Agreement and (B) any such contracts 
or transactions not expressly authorised or contemplated by this Agreement, provided that 
(x) in each case referred to in clause (i)(B) or clause (ii)(B) above and (y) in any 
transaction in which the Fund purchases a Portfolio Investment from or sells a Portfolio 
Investment to the Manager, Deutsche Bank or its Affiliates, that the Advisory Committee 
has consented in writing to such contract or transaction based on its determination that 
the terms of any such contract or transaction are no less favourable to the Fund than could 
be obtained in arm's length negotiations with unrelated third Persons for similar services. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the consent of the Advisory Committee shall not be 
required with respect to any payments of, or arrangements with respect to payments of, 
Fee Income. 
(c) 
Devotion of Time. During the Investment Period, the Manager shall cause 
the Principals, for so long as they are either employed by, or engaged to provide services 
to, the Manager (or any of its Affiliates), to devote substantially all their business time 
(excluding such business time as such Principals are required to devote to other activities 
related to their employment by Deutsche Bank and its Affiliates, including with respect to 
activities related to DB Private Equity (the "DB Activities") provided such DB Activities 
do not require materially more devotion of business time and attention than such 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108967 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255151 
EFTA01452079

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452080.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
they restrict or eliminate the duties and liabilities of a Covered Person otherwise existing 
at law or in equity and to the extent permitted by law, are agreed by the Partners to 
replace such other duties and liabilities of such Covered Person. Nothing in this 
Agreement shall be construed as modifying or excluding the duty of good faith owed 
under English law by the General Partner to the other Partners. 
(b) 
Reliance. A Covered Person shall incur no liability to the Fund or any 
Partner in acting in good faith upon any signature or writing believed by such Covered 
Person to be genuine, may rely in good faith on a certificate signed by an executive 
officer of any Person in order to ascertain any fact with respect to such Person or within 
such Person's knowledge, and may rely in good faith on an opinion of counsel selected 
by such Covered Person with respect to legal matters, except to the extent that such 
belief, reliance or selection constituted Disabling Conduct by the Covered Person (as 
determined in a decision based on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction). Each 
Covered Person may consult with counsel, appraisers, accountants and other skilled 
Persons selected by such Covered Person and shall not be liable to the Fund or any 
Partner for anything done, suffered or omitted in good faith in reliance upon the advice of 
any of such Persons, except to the extent that such selection, action, suffering, omission 
or reliance constituted Disabling Conduct (as determined in a decision based on the 
merits by a court of competent jurisdiction). No Covered Person shall be liable to the 
Fund or any Partner for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or 
employee of such Covered Person, provided that such error does not constitute Disabling 
Conduct of such Covered Person (as determined in a decision based on the merits by a 
court of competent jurisdiction). 
(c) 
General Partner Not Liable for Return of Funded Commitments. Neither 
the General Partner nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for the return of the Capital 
Contributions, or repayment of the Loans of any Partner, and such return or repayment 
shall be made solely in accordance with this Agreement from Available Assets, if any, 
and each Limited Partner hereby waives any and all claims that it may have against the 
General Partner or any Affiliate thereof in this regard. 
2.5 
No Exclusion for Breach of Regulation. Nothing in this Agreement shall 
exclude or restrict any duty or liability to the General Partner, the Fund or otherwise 
which the Manager has under FSMA or under the FCA Handbook and which duty or 
liability may not be excluded or modified by agreement or the giving of notice. 
2.6 
Removal of the General Partner. 
(a) 
The General Partner may be removed as the general partner of the Fund by 
the written election of a Majority in Interest (excluding Affiliated Partners), at any time 
within 120 Business Days after a final determination based on the merits by a court of 
competent jurisdiction that the General Partner has engaged in Removal Conduct. The 
Manager shall promptly notify the Limited Partners if the Manager reasonably believes 
504964304V 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108969 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255153 
EFTA01452080

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452081.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
that the General Partner has engaged in Removal Conduct. Upon the election of a 
replacement general partner of the Fund: 
(i) 
to the extent required by the Act, the replacement general partner 
shall thereupon cause a notice to be placed in the Gazette in accordance with 
section 10(1) of the Act to the effect that the replaced general partner has ceased 
to be the general partner of the Fund and shall become, without any further action 
being required of any Person, a non-voting Limited Partner and shall cease being 
the general partner of the Fund, but shall not thereafter be obligated to fund any 
Portfolio Investments, Organisational Expenses, General Partner's Share (or 
drawings on account of the General Partner's Share) or Fund Expenses; 
(ii) 
the replacement general partner of the Fund shall be admitted to 
the Fund as a general partner of the Fund pursuant to Section 2.6(a)(vi) and, to the 
extent required by the Act, shall promptly provide a written statement to the 
Registrar notifying it of the changes in the particulars required to be provided 
under the Act, and shall promptly amend this Agreement without any further 
action, approval or vote of any Person, including any other Partner, to reflect (A) 
the admission of such replacement general partner and (B) the withdrawal of the 
replaced General Partner as the general partner of the Fund; 
(iii) 
the replaced General Partner shall thereafter be entitled to receive 
all distributions that otherwise would have been distributable to it pursuant to this 
Agreement as if it had not been removed as the general partner of the Fund with 
respect to Portfolio Investments made by the Fund on or before the effective date 
of the removal of the replaced General Partner and without regard to Portfolio 
Investments made, or fees and expenses incurred, thereafter; 
(iv) 
GP Ltd shall thereafter be entitled to receive the General Partner's 
Share pursuant to Article VII accrued up to the date of such election, but not any 
such General Partner's Share accrued thereafter; 
(v) 
the replaced General Partner shall continue to be a Covered Person 
and to be entitled to indemnification hereunder pursuant to Section 9.1, but only 
with respect to Damages (i) relating to Portfolio Investments made prior to the 
removal of the replaced General Partner or (ii) arising out of or relating to its 
activities during the period prior to the removal of the replaced General Partner as 
the general partner of the Fund or otherwise arising out of the replaced General 
Partner's service as general partner of the Fund or any Related Investment Fund; 
(vi) 
subject to Section 7.6(c), the replacement general partner shall 
enter into an investment management agreement with the Manager on, molls 
mutandis, the same terms and conditions as the Investment Management 
Agreement; and 
50496430401 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108970 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255154 
EFTA01452081

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452082.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(vii) 
for all other purposes of this Agreement, the replacement general 
partner of the Fund shall be deemed to be the "General Partner" hereunder and 
shall be deemed to be admitted as the general partner of the Fund without any 
further action, approval or vote of any Person, including any other Partner, upon 
its execution of an instrument signifying its agreement to be bound by the terms 
and conditions of the Agreement, effective immediately prior to the removal of 
the replaced General Partner and shall continue the investment and other activities 
of the Fund without dissolution. 
(b) 
Where either GP Ltd or GP LP is removed as general partner of the Fund 
pursuant to this Section 2.6, the other shall be removed automatically and the provisions 
of this Section 2.6 shall apply to it mutatis mutandis. 
2.7 
Bankruptcy. Dissolution or Withdrawal of the General Partner. In the 
event of the bankruptcy, commencement of winding up or dissolution of the General 
Partner or the occurrence of any other event that causes the General Partner to cease to be 
a general partner of the Fund under the Partnership Law, the Fund shall be wound up and 
dissolved as provided in Article XI and in accordance with the Partnership Law, unless 
the Fund is continued as a limited partnership in accordance with the Partnership Law, 
the General Partner transfers its Interest and the transferee is admitted as a replacement 
general partner of the Fund pursuant to Section 10.1(d) or the investment or other 
activities of the Fund are continued pursuant to Section 11.1(c). The General Partner 
shall take no action to accomplish its voluntary dissolution. The General Partner shall 
not withdraw as general partner of the Fund prior to the dissolution of the Fund except 
pursuant to Section 10.1(d). 
2.8 
Payment by the General Partner of its Private Debts. The General Partner 
undertakes to pay and discharge the private debts which it incurs which arise otherwise 
than by reason of, or in connection with, its acting in its capacity as the general partner of 
the Fund. 
ARTICLE III 
THE LIMITED PARTNERS 
3.1 
No Participation in Management; Voting. Notifications etc. 
(a) 
No Participation in Management. No Limited Partner shall take part in the 
management of the Fund's business or control any of the Fund's investments or other 
activities, transact any business in the Fund's name or have the power to sign documents 
for or otherwise bind the Fund. Except as expressly provided herein, no Limited Partner 
shall have the right to vote for the election, removal or replacement of the General 
Partner or the Manager. The exercise by any Limited Partner of any right conferred 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108971 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255155 
EFTA01452082

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452083.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
a result of the adoption of or amendment to any statute or regulation or a development in 
the case law or the DOL's interpretation of the DOL Regulations, as modified by section 
3(42) of ERISA, regarding the definition of "plan assets" for purposes of ERISA, or the 
failure of the Fund to qualify under an exemption described in Section 4.3, there is a 
reasonable likelihood that all or any part of the Fund's assets would be deemed to be 
"plan assets" subject to ERISA or (ii) in the case of a Public Plan Partner, (A) as a result 
of a change in the statute or regulation applicable to such Public Plan Partner that 
authorises or governs such Public Plan Partner's investment in the Fund and in other 
investment vehicles like the Fund, investing in the Fund would be illegal for such Public 
Plan Partner or (B) maintaining ownership of an Interest would violate any written policy 
of such Public Plan Partner that the General Partner has acknowledged in writing on or 
prior to the date of such Public Plan Partner's admission to the Fund, as the case may be, 
such Limited Partner may: 
(x) 
with the consent of the General Partner, which consent may be 
withheld in its sole discretion, accelerate the payment of its Remaining 
Commitment so as to avail itself of any "grandfather" provisions that may be 
applicable under such statute, regulation or interpretation thereof; or 
(y) 
with the consent of the General Partner, which consent may not be 
unreasonably withheld, Transfer all or any portion of its Interest to a third Person 
and, if applicable, whose acquisition of such interest would result in a reduction in 
the percentage of the Fund's assets that are or might be treated as assets of an 
employee benefit plan subject to ERISA or section 4975 of the Code (a "Non-
Plan Party"), in a transaction that complies with Section 10.1. 
If such Limited Partner is unable pursuant to this Section 3.4(a) to dispose of such portion 
of its Interest that is sufficient to prevent the Fund's assets from being deemed "plan 
assets" subject to ERISA or, in the case of a Public Plan Partner, to prevent the 
investment by such Public Plan Partner in the Fund from being considered illegal or 
violating any written policy of the type set forth in clause (B) of this Section 3.4(a), 
within 30 days after delivery of the opinion referred to in this Section 3.4(a), then at the 
written election of such Limited Partner delivered to the General Partner within 30 days 
of delivery of such opinion or notification, such Limited Partner may withdraw from the 
Fund with respect to such portion of its Interest in accordance with Section 3.4(c). 
(b) 
Action by the General Partner. If the General Partner determines in its 
sole discretion that there is a reasonable likelihood that Many or all of the assets of the 
Fund would be deemed to be "plan assets" subject to ERISA or (ii) investment in the 
Fund would become illegal for a Public Plan Partner, each ERISA Partner (in the case of 
a determination referred to in clause (i) above) or such Public Plan Partner (in the case of 
a determination referred to in clause (ii) above) will, upon the written request and with 
the reasonable cooperation of the General Partner, use commercially reasonable efforts 
(or, if such reasonable likelihood of such assets being deemed "plan assets" subject to 
504964304V 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108973 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255157 
EFTA01452083

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452084.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LW 
ERISA arose because of the General Partner's failure to comply with Section 4.3, each 
ERISA Partner will cooperate in the commercially reasonable efforts of the General 
Partner) to dispose of such portion of such Limited Partner's interest in the Fund that the 
General Partner determines in its sole discretion is sufficient to prevent the Fund's assets 
from being deemed to be "plan assets" subject to ERISA or to prevent investment in the 
Fund by such Public Plan Partner from being considered illegal, as the case may be, to a 
third Person or, if applicable, a Non-Plan Party at a price reasonably acceptable to such 
Limited Partner in a transaction that complies with Section 10.1. If the General Partner 
makes a request pursuant to the preceding sentence, the General Partner shall elect that 
all ERISA Partners and affected Public Plan Partners take such action in proportion to 
their Commitments. If any such Limited Partner has not disposed of such portion of its 
interest in the Fund within 30 days of the General Partner having notified such Limited 
Partner of the General Partner's determination described in the first sentence of this 
Section 3.4(b), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the General Partner 
shall have the right, but not the obligation, upon five Business Days' prior written notice, 
to do any or all of the following to reduce or alleviate any restrictions, prohibitions or 
other material complications resulting from the Fund's assets being deemed "plan assets" 
subject to ERISA or to prevent such investment in the Fund by such Public Plan Partner 
from being considered illegal: 
(A) 
prohibit such Limited Partner from advancing a Loan with respect 
to any and all future Portfolio Investments and reduce its Remaining Commitment 
to any amount greater than or equal to zero; 
(B) 
offer to each Non-Defaulting Partner other than ERISA Partners or 
Public Plan Partners, as the case may be, the opportunity to purchase such portion 
of such Limited Partner's Interest at the Value thereof, including all or such 
amount of such Limited Partner's Remaining Commitment (calculated prior to 
giving effect to clause (A) above of this Section 3.4(b)), which amount shall be 
determined by the General Partner, provided that, without the consent of the 
General Partner, no Limited Partner shall be entitled to purchase a percentage of 
such portion that would result (x) in such Limited Partner's Commitment (or the 
excess of its Commitment over its Remaining Commitment) being equal to or 
greater than 10% of the aggregate Commitments of all Partners (or the excess of 
the aggregate Commitments of all the Partners over the aggregate Remaining 
Commitments of all the Partners), or (y) in such Limited Partner's Loan in respect 
of any Portfolio Investment being greater than the largest amount (rounded to the 
nearest one hundred dollars) that, in the judgment of the General Partner, such 
Limited Partner could contribute, advance or invest without having a Material 
Adverse Effect; 
(C) 
offer to any third Person or a Non-Plan Party, if applicable, the 
opportunity to purchase, or purchase itself, at the Value thereof, such amount of 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108974 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255158 
EFTA01452084

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452085.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
such portion of such Limited Partner's Interest that remains after giving effect to 
the transactions contemplated by clause (B) above of this Section 3.4(b); 
(ID) 
cause such Limited Partner to withdraw from the Fund in 
accordance with Section 3.4(c); or 
(E) 
dissolve and terminate the Fund and distribute the Fund's assets in 
accordance with Article XI. 
In determining the appropriate action to take under this Section 3.4(b), the General 
Partner shall take into consideration the effect of such action on all of the Partners, 
including those Partners that have not caused the General Partner to consider any of the 
foregoing actions and shall make any such determination based on what the General 
Partner reasonably believes to be in the best interest of the Fund as a whole. 
(c) 
Withdrawal of a Limited Partner. 
(i) 
Any Limited Partner electing to withdraw from the Fund with 
respect to the applicable portion of its Interest in accordance with Section 3.4(a), 
or caused to withdraw from the Fund with respect to the applicable portion of its 
Interest in accordance with Section 3.4(b), shall receive in connection therewith, 
to the extent permitted under ERISA, a special distribution in respect of such 
applicable portion of its Interest. Such special distribution shall consist of any 
combination (as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion) of cash, 
cash equivalents, securities or a promissory note of the Fund having a combined 
value (in the case of a promissory note, value shall be deemed to equal its 
principal amount) equal to the Value of such portion of such Limited Partner's 
interest in the Fund as of the date of withdrawal (which date shall be determined 
by the General Partner in the case of a withdrawal pursuant to Section 3.4(b) and 
otherwise mutually agreeable to the General Partner and such Limited Partner). 
Any such promissory note shall mature on the date of the final distribution by the 
Fund to the Partners in accordance with Section 11.2 and shall be subordinate to 
any secured or senior indebtedness of the Fund, but not to Limited Partner 
Interests, provided that the Fund may prepay such promissory note or all or any 
portion thereof at any time. 
(ii) 
Upon the withdrawal of a Limited Partner pursuant to this 
Section 3.4(c), the Fund shall notionally segregate, for the account of the Special 
Limited Partner, the portion of each Portfolio Investment that would have been 
distributed to the Special Limited Partner attributable to such Limited Partner had 
the Fund been wound up and dissolved and distributed all of its assets in kind on 
the date of such withdrawal pursuant to Sections 6.2 and 11.2 (as reasonably 
determined by the General Partner). Thereafter, notwithstanding Section 6.2, 
upon the distribution of any Distributable Cash attributable to a Portfolio 
5049030401 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108975 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255159 
EFTA01452085

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452086.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Investment, any Distributable Cash attributable to the portion of such Portfolio 
Investment held for the account of the Special Limited Partner shall be 
apportioned to and distributed to the Special Limited Partner. 
(iii) 
All costs and expenses incurred in connection with actions taken 
by or with respect to a Limited Partner under this Section 3.4 shall be paid by 
such Limited Partner. 
(d) 
Documentation. Adiustments, etc. Subject to the requirements of 
Section 10.1, the details and documentation relating to any transaction or transactions 
effected pursuant to this Section 3.4 shall be as determined by the General Partner in its 
sole discretion and shall not require the consent of or consultation with the Advisory 
Committee or of any of the Limited Partners. Upon the closing of any transaction or 
transactions effected pursuant to this Section 3.4, the General Partner (r) may admit each 
purchaser that is not already a Partner immediately prior to the time of such purchase to 
the Fund as a Substitute Partner on such terms and upon the delivery of such documents 
as the General Partner shall determine to be appropriate and (h) shall make such 
adjustments to the Partner Accounts, Commitments, Sharing Percentages, Remaining 
Commitments, Capital Contributions and Loans of such ERISA Partner or Public Plan 
Partner and of all Partners that have purchased interests pursuant to this Section 3.4 as the 
Manager shall determine to be appropriate to give effect to and reflect such transactions 
and the General Partner shall make all other adjustments as may be necessary or 
appropriate to give effect to the intent of this Section 3.4. In the event that, for any 
Limited Partner, the applicable portion of its Interest is 100%, then, upon the making of 
such special distribution to such Limited Partner, such Limited Partner shall have no 
further right to receive distributions from the Fund and shall cease to be a Limited Partner 
of the Fund. The General Partner may, without the consent of any Person, including any 
other Partner, revise the Register as may be necessary or appropriate to reflect the 
changes in Partners and Commitments made pursuant to this Section 3.4. The General 
Partner shall have full authority, without the consent of any other Person, including any 
other Partner, to amend this Agreement (including the allocation and distribution 
provisions) as may be necessary or appropriate to facilitate the withdrawal of any Limited 
Partner pursuant to this Section 3.4 and to interpret in good faith any provision of this 
Agreement, whether or not so amended, to give effect to the intent of the provisions of 
this Section 3.4. 
3.5 
Limited Partners Subject to the Bank Holding Company Act. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, all BHC Partners shall be subject 
to the limitations on voting set forth in this Section 3.5. If at any time a BHC Partner 
holds an Interest that would otherwise represent 5% or more of the total voting Interests, 
such BHC Partner may not vote any portion of its Interest representing in excess of 
4.99% of the Interests entitled to vote. Whenever the vote, consent or decision of a 
Limited Partner is required or permitted pursuant to this Agreement, a BHC Partner shall 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DEt-SDNY-0108976 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255160 
EFTA01452086

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452087.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
not be entitled to participate in such vote or consent, or to make such decision, with 
respect to the portion of such BHC Partner's Interest in excess of 4.99% of the Interests, 
and such vote, consent or decision shall be tabulated or made as if such BHC Partner 
were not a Partner with respect to such BHC Partner's Interest in excess of 4.99% of the 
Interests. Each BHC Partner hereby further irrevocably waives its corresponding right to 
vote for a successor general partner under the Partnership Law with respect to any non-
voting interest, which waiver shall be binding upon such BHC Partner and any Person 
that succeeds to its Interest. In the event that two or more BHC Partners are affiliated, 
the limitations of this Section 3.5 shall apply to the aggregate Interests held by such BHC 
Partners and each such BHC Partner shall be entitled to vote its pro rata portion of 4.99% 
of the Interests entitled to vote. Except as provided in this Section 3.5, any Interests of a 
BHC Partner held as non-voting Interests shall be identical in all respects to the Interests 
of the other Limited Partners. Any such Interest held as a non-voting Interest shall 
remain a non-voting Interest in the event that the BHC Partner holding such Interest 
ceases to be a BHC Partner and shall continue as a non-voting Interest with respect to any 
assignee or other Transferee of such Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any BHC 
Partner may elect in writing upon its admission to the Fund for this Section 3.5 not to 
apply to its Interest. Any such election by a BHC Partner may be rescinded at any time 
by written notice to the General Partner, provided that any such rescission shall be 
irrevocable. 
3.6 
Insolvency. Dissolution or Withdrawal of a Limited Partner. The death, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, withdrawal, expulsion or removal of a Limited 
Partner shall not in and of itself operate to terminate this Agreement or dissolve or 
terminate the Fund and the estate or trustee in bankruptcy or receiver or liquidator of a 
deceased, bankrupt, insolvent or dissolved Limited Partner shall not have the right to 
withdraw such Partner's Capital Contribution or require repayment of such Limited 
Partner's Loans. No Limited Partner shall withdraw from the Fund prior to the 
dissolution of the Fund except pursuant to Sections 3.4(c), 4.5(c) or 10.1. 
3.7 
Advisory Committee. 
(a) 
Appointment of Members. etc. The Manager shall establish within a 
reasonable time and no later than 30 days after the Final Admission Date an advisory 
committee (the "Advisory Committee") having at least three voting members appointed 
by the Manager and, subject to the foregoing, may from time to time appoint one or more 
additional voting members to the Advisory Committee. Each voting member of the 
Advisory Committee shall be nominated by a Limited Partner (none of whom shall be an 
Affiliated Partner) or a limited partner (or similar member) of a Feeder Fund or a Parallel 
Fund. Each member of the Advisory Committee who has been nominated by a Limited 
Partner or a limited partner (or similar member) of a Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund shall 
be required to nominate in writing to the Manager one or more alternate members of the 
Advisory Committee. Such alternates shall have authority to act in the place of such 
50490304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108977 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255161 
EFTA01452087

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452088.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
member in the event that such member is unavailable for any reason to participate in any 
vote, consent or other action of the Advisory Committee. The Manager shall have the 
right to appoint one or more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting 
members, and as the chairperson of the Advisory Committee. Any member of the 
Advisory Committee may resign by giving the Manager 30 days' prior written notice, and 
shall be deemed removed if the Limited Partner or limited partner (or similar member) of 
a Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund that nominated such member (0 becomes a Defaulting 
Partner or a defaulting partner of the applicable Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund, (if) assigns 
any of its Interest or its interest in any Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund to a Person that is 
not an Affiliate of such Limited Partner or limited partner (or similar member), as the 
case may be, or WO is determined pursuant to Section 5.6(c) to be a Limited Partner or 
limited partner (or similar member) of a Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund whose continued 
direct or indirect participation in the Fund or Feeder Fund or a Parallel Fund would have 
a Material Adverse Effect. Upon the death, resignation or removal of a member of the 
Advisory Committee by the Limited Partner or limited partner (or similar member) of a 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund that nominated such member, such Limited Partner or 
limited partner (or similar member) of a Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund may nominate a 
replacement member of the Advisory Board. 
(b) 
Scope of Authority. The Advisory Committee shall be authorised to 
(I) consent to, approve, review or waive any matter requiring the consent, approval, 
review or waiver of the Advisory Committee, including transactions requiring the 
approval of the Fund as client pursuant to section 206(3) or any other provision of the 
Advisers Act, as set forth in this Agreement and (ii) provide such advice and counsel as is 
requested by the Manager or required pursuant to this Agreement in connection with 
potential conflicts of interest, valuation matters and other matters relating to the Fund and 
any Related Investment Funds. The Advisory Committee shall constitute a committee of 
the Fund and shall neither conduct any business on behalf of the Fund nor take any part 
in the conduct of the business or control or management of the Fund, nor shall it have any 
power or authority to do so or to act for or on behalf of the Fund in connection with its 
business, and it shall not have any responsibility for any investment decision or the 
management of the Fund or its business. For the avoidance of doubt, the Advisory 
Committee shall not, nor shall any member thereof, constitute a general partner of the 
Fund and no action undertaken by the Advisory Committee, nor any action by any 
member thereof, shall constitute the taking part in the management of the partnership 
business of the Fund under the Act. Except for those matters for which the consent, 
approval, review or waiver of the Advisory Committee is required by this Agreement, 
any actions taken by the Advisory Committee shall be advisory only, and none of the 
General Partner, the Manager or any of their respective Affiliates shall be required or 
otherwise bound to act in accordance with any decision, action or comment of the 
Advisory Committee or any of its members. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Agreement, in no event shall a member of the Advisory Committee be permitted to 
take any action that would result in such member (or the Limited Partner or limited 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108978 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255182 
EFTA01452088

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452089.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
partner (or similar member) of a Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund that nominated such 
member) being considered a general partner of the Fund by agreement, estoppel, as a 
result of the performance of such member's duties or otherwise. Nothing in this 
Agreement authorises, allows, requires or represents the agreement of the Advisory 
Committee or any member thereof to carry on a regulated activity for the purposes of 
FSMA. 
(c) 
Other Activities of the Members. The Partners acknowledge that the 
members of the Advisory Committee (0 will not be obligated, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, to act in a fiduciary capacity with respect to the Fund and 
any Related Investment Funds or any Partner, other than to act in good faith, (ii) have 
substantial responsibilities in addition to their Advisory Committee activities and are not 
obligated to devote any fixed portion of their time to the activities of the Advisory 
Committee and (iii) other than any non-voting member appointed by the Manager, will 
not be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.3 and will not be prohibited from 
engaging in activities that compete or conflict with those of the Fund or any Related 
Investment Fund, nor shall any such restrictions apply to any of their respective 
Affiliates. 
(d) 
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Advisory Committee shall be held 
annually, commencing after the Final Admission Date, or prior to the Final Admission 
Date at the discretion of the Manager, upon not less than 30 days' prior written notice by 
the Manager to the members of the Advisory Committee. Special meetings of the 
Advisory Committee may be called by the Manager upon request by a member of the 
Advisory Committee at any time to consider matters for which the consent, approval, 
review or waiver of the Advisory Committee is required by this Agreement or is 
requested by the Manager. Notice of each such special meeting shall be given by 
telephone, hand delivery or air courier service or sent by facsimile or other electronic 
means to each member of the Advisory Committee at least five Business Days prior to 
the date on which the meeting is to be held. Attendance at any meeting of the Advisory 
Committee shall constitute waiver of such notice. The quorum for a meeting of the 
Advisory Committee shall be a majority of its voting members. Members of the 
Advisory Committee may participate in a meeting of the Advisory Committee by means 
of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all 
Persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. All actions taken or consents to 
be made by the Advisory Committee shall be by a vote of a majority of the voting 
members of the Advisory Committee or with the written consent made by a majority of 
the voting members of the Advisory Committee. Except as expressly provided in this 
Section 3.7, the Advisory Committee shall conduct its business in such manner and by 
such procedures as a majority of its members deems appropriate, including consenting to 
actions without the benefit of a special meeting at which a quorum is present 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108979 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255183 
EFTA01452089

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452090.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(e) 
Fees and Expenses. etc. The members of the Advisory Committee shall 
serve without compensation, but shall be reimbursed by the Fund for all reasonable out-
of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Advisory Committee. The 
members of the Advisory Committee shall be indemnified by the Fund as provided in 
Section 9.1. 
3.8 
Regulatory Matters. No Limited Partner has been, or will be, admitted to 
the Fund that would be a "retail client" (pursuant to the FCA Rules were such Limited 
Partner a client of the Manager or, if the General Partner is an Authorised Person, the 
General Partner) at the time of its admission. The Limited Partners acknowledge that: 
(a) 
the FCA Rules relating to "best execution" do not apply; 
(b) 
periodic statements in the format and timing that the Manager (or the 
General Partner, as applicable) would be required under the FCA Rules to provide 
to retail clients resident in the United Kingdom shall not be provided to Partners; 
(c) 
any money held by the Manager (or the General Partner, as applicable) 
shall not be subject to the protections conferred by the FCA client money rules; 
and 
(d) 
if a Limited Partner is reclassified as a retail client subsequent to its 
admission to the Fund, the Manager (or the General Partner, as applicable) may 
continue to treat all Limited Partners as though they were not retail clients and the 
modification of "best execution" (as set forth in Section 3.8(a)) shall continue to 
apply to the Fund. 
ARTICLE IV 
INVESTMENTS 
4.1 
Portfolio Investments. 
(a) 
Portfolio Investments. The General Partner will seek to obtain 
opportunities for the Fund to make Portfolio Investments in accordance with the 
Investment Objectives. 
(b) 
Investments Following Termination of the Investment Period. No new 
Portfolio Investments will be made by the Fund following the termination of the 
Investment Period, provided that Remaining Commitments may be drawn down from 
time to time following the termination of the Investment Period to (i) fund obligations to 
make contributions or advances in respect of any Portfolio Investment that existed prior 
to the termination of the Investment Period, (h) complete investments that were in 
50496430401 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108980 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255184 
EFTA01452090

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452091.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F 111-1081 Southern Financial LLC 
process as of the termination of the Investment Period and (iii) fund Follow-On 
Investments with respect to any existing (a) Co-Investment in an aggregate amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments or (b) Direct Secondary. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any new Portfolio Investment that is the subject of a definitive, legally binding 
agreement entered into prior to the termination of the Investment Period shall be a 
Portfolio Investment that was made by the Fund prior to the termination of the 
Investment Period. 
(c) 
Reinvestment. The General Partner may (I) increase the Partners' 
Remaining Commitments by an amount equal to all or any portion of Distributable Cash 
received by the Fund and distributed or deemed distributed to the Partners in respect of 
any Portfolio Investment within 13 months of the Fund's acquisition of such Portfolio 
Investment, up to and in proportion to the Loans of the Partners with respect to such 
Portfolio Investment, (0 following the termination of the Investment Period, increase the 
Partners' Remaining Commitments by an amount equal to any and all Distributable Cash 
received by the Fund and distributed or deemed distributed to Partners up to and in 
proportion to the Loans of the Partners, but only in the case of this clause (ii) for the 
purpose set out in Section 4.1(b) or for the purpose of funding any other obligations of 
the Fund. 
(d) 
Credit Facility and Borrowing. Subject to Section 4.2(b), the Fund may, 
or may cause any Portfolio Company, intermediate holding vehicle or any Affiliate 
thereof to, incur or assume Indebtedness from any Person (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt with Deutsche Bank and its Affiliates to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
provided that the terms of any such transaction are no less favourable to the Fund than 
could be obtained in arm's length negotiations with unrelated third Persons for similar 
transactions and shall be disclosed to the Advisory Committee annually) at any time and 
for the purposes set out in Section 4.2(b). The Limited Partners hereby expressly 
understand and agree that Wall or any of the borrowing contemplated in Section 4.2(b)(i) 
may be secured by assets of the Fund, including the Portfolio Investments and Remaining 
Commitments, (ii) the Fund may invest directly or indirectly in Portfolio Companies that 
borrow or otherwise incur indebtedness and (iii) in connection with any Indebtedness of 
the Fund (including Subscription-Line Indebtedness), the General Partner may delegate 
the right to issue Drawdown Notices and the Fund may assign the right to receive Loans. 
Each Limited Partner further agrees to execute upon the written request of the General 
Partner a consent for the benefit of one or more lenders or the Portfolio Companies 
acknowledging one or more of the following: (A) that such Partner has obligations 
pursuant to this Agreement to advance Loans up to the amount of its Remaining 
Commitment and that the General Partner, or the lender on behalf of the General Partner 
if the Fund is in default of its payment obligations, may draw down such Loans to pay the 
Fund's outstanding obligations to the lenders without defence, counterclaim or offset, (B) 
that all such Loans shall be advanced to an account specified in such consent, (C) that the 
provisions of this Agreement relating to the obligation to advance Loans and the right to 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108981 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255185 
EFTA01452091

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452092.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
incur Indebtedness of the Fund (including Subscription-Line Indebtedness) shall not be 
modified without the consent of the lender and (1)) that such Partner agrees to provide 
such financial information relating to such Partner as is generally made available to such 
lender and to cooperate with reasonable requests by such lender for other information, 
evidence or assurances. 
4.2 
Investment Restrictions. The Fund shall not make any Portfolio 
Investment in a Fund Secondary that constitutes a standalone primary fund commitment 
and, without the consent of the Advisory Committee, the Fund shall not, following the 
Final Admission Date: 
(a) 
make any investment in any Portfolio Investment that (when taken 
together with all other investments by the Fund in, and the amount at that time of any 
outstanding guarantees made by the Fund with respect to, such Portfolio Investment) 
would result (i) in the Fund's investment (whether as debt or equity) in a single Co-
Investment exceeding 5% of the aggregate Commitments, (ii) in the Fund's investment 
(whether as debt or equity) in a single Direct Secondary exceeding 20% of the aggregate 
Commitments, (iii) in the case of a Fund Secondary, in the Economic Exposure to a 
single generalist or specialist private fund structure exceeding 20% of the aggregate 
Commitments, or (iv) in the aggregate cost of Co-Investments made on a primary basis 
exceeding 15% of the aggregate Commitments; or 
(b) 
(i) 
incur Indebtedness on a direct recourse basis to the Fund 
(including through one or more intermediate holding vehicles controlled directly or 
indirectly by the Fund), other than recourse with respect to the Fund's interest in the 
Portfolio Investment in connection with which such Indebtedness is incurred, to create 
leveraged capital structures in Portfolio Investments in excess of 25% of the aggregate 
Commitments (computed immediately prior to the date such Indebtedness is incurred and 
as reasonably determined in good faith by the General Partner), provided that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing limitation, the Fund may incur Indebtedness (including 
Subscription-Line Indebtedness) in anticipation of receipt of Drawdowns (A) to facilitate 
the closing of a Portfolio Investment, for periods not expected to exceed 180 days and (B) 
to fund the payment of Organisational Expenses, Fund Expenses or the General Partner's 
Share, in each case pursuant to Section 5.4. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
Indebtedness (including Subscription-Line Indebtedness) incurred other than in 
anticipation of receipt of Drawdowns shall be subject to the foregoing 25% limitation; 
(ii) 
subject to Section 4.1(d), enter into any instrument (including 
guarantees) in connection therewith, including any pledge, security, lien, assignment or 
indemnity or otherwise grant a security interest in any Portfolio Investment for the 
purpose of securing the Indebtedness of any other Portfolio Investment; or 
(iii) 
make any investment in a Direct Secondary if the portfolio of 
direct private equity assets constituting such Direct Secondary consists in any part of 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108982 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255186 
EFTA01452092

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452093.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Portfolio Companies in respect of which the Manager is not exercising its discretionary 
investment authority over whether or not the Fund invests and the amount of the Fund's 
commitment to fund on a non-discretionary basis exceeds 50% of the aggregate 
acquisition cost to the Fund of such Direct Secondary, including any unfunded amounts 
committed to be invested by the Fund. 
4.3 
Plan Assets. The General Partner shall use its reasonable best efforts to 
conduct the affairs and operations of the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by 
"benefit plan investors" (within the meaning of the DOL Regulations as modified by 
section 3(42) of ERISA) to less than 25% of the interests in the Fund, provided that the 
General Partner shall be entitled to rely for purposes of satisfying its covenant contained 
in this Section 4.3 on the advice of counsel and the representations, warranties and 
covenants made by the Limited Partners in connection with their purchases of Interests in 
the Fund. 
4.4 
Temporary Investments. To the extent commercially reasonable, the 
General Partner shall cause the Fund to invest cash held by the Fund in Temporary 
Investments pending investment in Portfolio Investments, distribution or payment of 
Organisational Expenses or Fund Expenses or funding the General Partner's Share (and 
drawings on account of it). 
4.5 
Related Investment Funds. 
(a) 
General. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, at any 
time the General Partner or any of its Affiliates may establish one or more Related 
Investment Funds as provided in this Section 4.5. 
(b) 
Co-Investment Funds. 
(i) 
Co-Investment by Limited Partners and Third Party Co-Investors. 
At any time, the General Partner may in its sole discretion provide one or more 
Limited Partners with the opportunity to co-invest with the Fund in the Securities 
of, or provide financing to, any Portfolio Investments subject to such timing and 
other conditions as the General Partner may in its reasonable discretion and in 
good faith impose. Any such co-investment may, if the General Partner so 
requires, be made through one or more investment partnerships or other vehicles 
(each a "Co-Investment Fund") formed to facilitate such co-investment. Subject 
to compliance with FSMA and any other applicable financial services and 
securities laws and regulations, each Co-Investment Fund will be managed by the 
Manager or an Affiliate thereof. In determining the appropriateness of offering 
any such opportunity to any Partner or Partners, the General Partner may take into 
account the advisability of offering such opportunity (with or without the 
participation of any co-investing Limited Partners and by way of participation in a 
Co-Investment Fund or otherwise) to a Person other than Limited Partners and 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108983 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255187 
EFTA01452093

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452094.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
other than the General Partner, the Manager and their respective Affiliates (a 
"Third Party Co-Investor"). Any such offer may be made to such Limited 
Partners and/or Third Party Co-Investors in such proportions as the General 
Partner shall determine in its sole discretion, and the General Partner may allocate 
such portion of an investment opportunity to a Co-Investment Fund as the General 
Partner determines in its sole discretion to be appropriate. Participation by a 
Limited Partner in a co-investment opportunity, whether directly or through a Co-
Investment Fund, shall be entirely the responsibility and investment decision of 
such Limited Partner, and none of the Fund, the General Partner, the Manager or 
any of their respective Affiliates shall assume any risk, responsibility or expense, 
or be deemed to have provided any investment advice, in connection therewith. 
(ii) 
Co-Investment Conditions. The terms on which a Co-Investment 
Fund or other co-investors contemplated by Section 4.5(b)(i) (collectively, "c_t 
Investors") acquire Securities of a Portfolio Investment shall, subject to legal, tax, 
regulatory or other similar considerations, be no more favourable to such Co- 
Investors than those received by the Fund. With respect to each investment in 
which Co-Investors co-invest (or propose to co-invest) with the Fund, any 
investment expenses or indemnification and/or repayment obligations related to 
such investments shall be borne by the Fund and such Co-Investors and any other 
Related Investment Funds in proportion to the capital committed by each to such 
investment. Unless the Advisory Committee otherwise consents, the General 
Partner shall not permit any Co-Investor to dispose of any such investment in a 
Portfolio Company before the Fund disposes of its investment in such Portfolio 
Investment. If any such investment by a Co-Investor in a Portfolio Investment 
and the Fund's investment in such Portfolio Investment are disposed of at 
substantially the same time, such Co-Investor shall dispose of no more than its 
pro rata share of the Fund's and its investments in such Portfolio Investment and 
on terms no more favourable to such Co-Investor than those received by the Fund. 
The General Partner shall cause the Co-Investors to dispose of any such Portfolio 
Investments on a pro rata basis with the Fund and at substantially the same time 
that the Fund disposes of its investment in such Portfolio Investment, unless the 
Co-Investors desire, for tax or other reasons, to hold some or all of such 
investment until a later date and the General Partner has determined that it would 
not be contrary to the best interests of the Fund for the Co-Investors to do so. 
(iii) 
Mechanics of Formation of Co
-Investment Funds. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event that the 
General Partner, the Manager or an Affiliate of the Manager forms one or more 
Co-Investment Funds, the General Partner shall have full authority, without the 
consent of any Person, including any other Partner, to amend this Agreement (but 
only to amend this Agreement in a manner that would not adversely affect the 
Limited Partners) as may be necessary or appropriate in the good faith judgment 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108984 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255188 
EFTA01452094

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452095.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
of the General Partner to facilitate the formation and operation of such Co-
Investment Funds and the investments contemplated by this Section 4.5, and to 
interpret in good faith any provision of this Agreement, whether or not so 
amended, to give effect to the intent of the provisions of this Section 4.5(b). 
(c) 
Parallel Funds. 
(i) 
Formation of Parallel Funds to Accommodate Investor 
Considerations. Prior to the Final Admission Date, the General Partner, the 
Manager or their respective Affiliates, may, in order to accommodate legal, tax, 
regulatory or other similar considerations of certain investors, form one or more 
other pooled investment vehicles (each such vehicle a "Parallel Fund") to co-
invest with the Fund. In addition, the General Partner may, at any time, to 
accommodate legal, tax, regulatory or other similar considerations, require one or 
more Limited Partners (subject to receiving the prior written consent of such 
Limited Partners) to be admitted as limited partners or other similar investors to 
one or more Parallel Funds, and in connection therewith and in consideration for 
the cancellation of all or a portion of their Interest, such Limited Partners will 
receive an equivalent interest in such Parallel Funds, and in furtherance of the 
foregoing, each such Limited Partner will have a commitment, remaining 
commitment and partner account in the Parallel Fund equivalent to the Limited 
Partner's Commitment, Remaining Commitment (in each case, of the applicable 
Parallel Fund) and Partner Account in the Fund and such Limited Partners will 
cease to be limited partners of the Fund. Subject to compliance with FSMA and 
any other applicable financial services and securities laws and regulations, each 
Parallel Fund will be managed by the Manager or an Affiliate thereof, and will be 
governed by organisational documents containing provisions substantially similar 
in all material respects to those of the Fund, with such differences as may be 
required by the legal, tax, regulatory or other considerations referred to above, 
and in any event having economic provisions that are the same in all material 
respects as those of the Fund. Subject to such legal, tax, regulatory or other 
similar considerations, the Parallel Funds will co-invest with the Fund in each 
Portfolio Investment in proportion to the respective remaining commitments of 
the Parallel Funds and the Fund immediately prior to such investment. All 
references in this Section 4.5(c) to the limited partners of a Parallel Fund shall be 
deemed to include all investors in a Parallel Fund formed as a vehicle other than a 
limited partnership and all references in this Agreement to limited partners of a 
Parallel Fund shall, where the context so requires, include any feeder funds that 
are limited partners of such Parallel Funds. 
(ii) 
Parallel Investment Conditions. Each investment by a Parallel 
Fund shall, subject to legal, tax, regulatory or other similar considerations, be on 
substantially the same terms as, and on economic terms that are no more 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108985 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255189 
EFTA01452095

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452096.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
favourable to such Parallel Fund than, those received by the Fund. With respect 
to each investment in which Parallel Funds participate (or propose to participate) 
with the Fund, any investment expenses or any indemnification and/or repayment 
obligations related to such investment shall be borne by, and any fee income shall 
be allocated among, the Fund and any Parallel Funds and any other Related 
Investment Funds in proportion to the capital invested by each to such investment. 
The Manager shall cause the Parallel Funds to dispose of all or a portion of their 
investments in a portfolio investment that the Fund has co-invested in on a pm 
rata basis with the Fund, on terms no more favourable than those received by the 
Fund and at substantially the same time that the Fund disposes of its investment in 
such Portfolio Investment. 
(iii) 
Mechanics of Formation of Parallel Funds. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the General 
Partner or an Affiliate thereof forms one or more Parallel Funds, the General 
Partner shall have full authority, without the consent of any Person, including any 
other Partner, to amend this Agreement (but only to amend this Agreement in a 
manner that would not adversely affect the Limited Partners) as may be necessary 
or appropriate in the good faith judgment of the General Partner to facilitate the 
formation and operation of such Parallel Funds and the investments contemplated 
by this Section 4.5(c), and to interpret in good faith any provision of this 
Agreement, whether or not so amended, to give effect to the intent of the 
provisions of this Section 4.5(c). The limited partnership agreement and/or other 
organisational documents of any Parallel Fund and any other documents reflecting 
the admission of the Limited Partners to such Parallel Fund and the withdrawal of 
such Limited Partners from the Fund may be executed on behalf of the Limited 
Partners by GP Ltd or the Manager pursuant to the power of attorney granted by 
each of the Limited Partners pursuant to Section 12.2. 
(iv) 
Certain Adjustments. If one or more Parallel Funds are formed, 
notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (A) Fund Expenses shall 
include only the Fund's pro rata share of such costs, expenses or liabilities that 
are incurred by or arise out of the activities of the Fund (determined based on the 
relative commitments to the Fund and any Parallel Fund, unless the General 
Partner or the Manager determines in its good faith and reasonable discretion that 
a different share is appropriate in the case of a particular cost, expense or 
liability), (B) Organisational Expenses shall include only the Fund's share of any 
costs or expenses in connection with the formation and organisation of, and sale 
of Interests in, the Fund and any Parallel Fund, (C) any reference in Sections 2.6 
or 7.6 to a Majority (or other specified percentage) in Interest shall mean limited 
partners, other than defaulting partners and any other limited partners expressly 
excluded by the terms of this Agreement or the organisational document of any 
Parallel Fund, in the Fund and any Parallel Fund that at the time in question have 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108986 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255170 
EFTA01452096

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452097.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452097.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
were utilised. Subject to compliance with FSMA and any other applicable 
financial services and securities laws and regulations, each Alternative Investment 
Vehicle will be managed by the Manager or an Affiliate thereof, and will be 
governed by organisational documents containing provisions substantially similar 
in all material respects to those of the Fund, with such differences as may be 
required by the legal, tax, regulatory or other similar considerations referred to 
above, including, in the case of an investment in a Media Company, such 
differences as are necessary to provide that the limited partners investing therein 
will not be attributed with an ownership interest in such Media Company for 
purposes of the FCC Rules. All references in this Section 4.5 to the limited 
partners of an Alternative Investment Vehicle shall be deemed to include all 
investors in an Alternative Investment Vehicle formed as a vehicle other than a 
limited partnership and all references in this Agreement to limited partners of an 
Alternative Investment Vehicle shall, where the context so requires, include any 
feeder funds that are limited partners of such Alternative Investment Vehicles. 
(ii) 
Alternative Mvestment Conditions. Each Partner admitted to and 
investing in an Alternative Investment Vehicle shall be obligated to make capital 
contributions or advance loans to such Alternative Investment Vehicle in a 
manner similar to that provided by Sections 5.1 and 5.4, and each such Partner's 
Remaining Commitment shall be reduced by the amount of such contributions 
and loan advances to the same extent as if such contributions and loan advances 
were made to the Fund as Capital Contributions and Loans respectively. With 
respect to each investment in which an Alternative Investment Vehicle 
participates with the Fund, any investment expenses or indemnification and/or 
repayment obligations related to such investment shall be borne by the Fund, such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle and any other Related Investment Fund in 
proportion to the capital committed by each to such investment. Any 
management fee or priority profit share funded by a Partner with respect to an 
Alternative Investment Vehicle shall reduce such Partner's share of the General 
Partner's Share funded by such Partner by a corresponding amount. The 
investment results of an Alternative Investment Vehicle will be aggregated with 
the investment results of the Fund for purposes of determining distributions by the 
Fund and such Alternative Investment Vehicle unless the Manager, in its sole 
discretion (after consulting with the Advisory Committee), elects otherwise based 
on its determination that such aggregation increases the risk of any adverse tax 
consequences or imposes legal or regulatory constraints or creates contractual or 
business risks that would be undesirable for the Fund or the Partners. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.5(d), the General 
Partner shall make such adjustments as shall be necessary to give effect to the 
intent of this Agreement, including to take into account any similar provisions in 
any such Alternative Investment Vehicle. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108988 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255172 
EFTA01452097

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452098.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(iii) 
Mechanics of Formation of Alternative Investment Vehicles. In the 
event that the General Partner or an Affiliate thereof forms one or more 
Alternative Investment Vehicles, the General Partner shall have full authority, 
without the consent of any Person, including any Partner, to amend this 
Agreement (but only to amend this Agreement in a manner that would not 
adversely affect the Limited Partners) as may be necessary or appropriate in the 
good faith judgment of the General Partner to facilitate the formation and 
operation of such Alternative Investment Vehicle and the investments 
contemplated by this Section 4.5, and to interpret in good faith any provision of 
this Agreement, whether or not so amended, to give effect to the intent of the 
provisions of this Section 4.5. The General Partner shall make all appropriate 
adjustments as may be necessary or otherwise appropriate to give effect to the 
intent of this Section 4.5. The limited partnership agreement and/or other 
organisational or Transfer documents of any Alternative Investment Vehicle and 
any other documents reflecting the admission of the Limited Partners to such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle may be executed on behalf of the Limited 
Partners investing therein by GP Ltd or the Manager pursuant to the power of 
attorney granted by each of the Limited Partners pursuant to Section 12.2. 
ARTICLE V 
COMMITMENTS; CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
5.1 
Capital Contributions. 
(a) 
Initial Capital Contribution. Each Limited Partner (other than the Special 
Limited Partner) shall, upon its admission to the Fund and in accordance with Section 
1.9, make a Capital Contribution to the Fund equal to 0.01% of such Partner's 
Commitment. The Special Limited Partner shall make a capital contribution pursuant to 
this Section 5.1(a) equal to 0.01% of the excess of the Special Limited Partner's 
Commitment over the Special Limited Partner Capital Contribution. Each Limited 
Partner (including, for the avoidance of doubt, each Subsequent Closing Partner) hereby 
authorises the General Partner, the Manager or any other Person identified by the General 
Partner or the Manager to contribute to the Fund on its behalf the amount of its Capital 
Contribution and where the General Partner, the Manager or such other Person identified 
by the General Partner or the Manager so makes a Capital Contribution on behalf of a 
Limited Partner, an amount equal to such Capital Contribution shall be deemed to be an 
interest-free loan from the General Partner, the Manager or such other Person identified 
by the General Partner or the Manager to such Limited Partner which shall be 
immediately repayable by such Limited Partner upon demand by the General Partner, the 
Manager or such other Person identified by the General Partner or the Manager. Unless 
repaid earlier, the amount of any such deemed loan shall be repaid by the Limited Partner 
at the same time as such Limited Partner is required to advance its first Loan to the Fund. 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108989 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255173 
EFTA01452098

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452099.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
(b) 
Subsequent Capital Contribution. Upon an increase of any Partner's 
Commitment in accordance with Sections 5.7(c) or 10.2, such Partner shall make an 
additional Capital Contribution to the Fund equal to 0.01% of the increase in such 
Partner's Commitment. 
(c) 
Special Limited Partner Capital Contribution. The Special Limited 
Partner shall make capital contributions to the Fund from time to time so that the 
aggregate amount of capital contributions made by the Special Limited Partner pursuant 
to this Section 5.1(c) is at least equal to one-seventh of the aggregate Capital 
Contributions of the other Limited Partners (other than any Executive Fund Partner) (the 
"Special Limited Partner Capital Contribution"). 
(d) 
Currency. Interest and Repayment. Capital Contributions shall be 
denominated and made in U.S. dollars. No interest shall be paid or payable by the Fund 
upon any Capital Contribution. Except as specifically provided elsewhere in this 
Agreement, the Fund shall return Capital Contributions only on the dissolution and 
winding up of the Fund. 
5.2 
Commitments. The Fund and any Parallel Fund are seeking aggregate 
commitments totalling $1 billion. The General Partner reserves the right in its sole 
discretion to accept commitments less than or in excess of this amount. The General 
Partner's Commitment shall equal at least $10,000 and, on and from the Final Admission 
Date, the Special Limited Partner's Commitment shall equal at least $10,000. 
5.3 
Loans. Loans shall be denominated and drawn down in U.S. dollars. No 
interest shall be paid or payable by the Fund upon any Loans advanced to the Fund by the 
Partners. Loans shall be repaid or returned, as appropriate, as provided in Sections 3.4, 
5.5, 6.2 and 10.2 and subject to the provisions of Sections 5.7 and 11.2. 
5.4 
Loan Advances. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Loans 
shall be advanced in separate Drawdowns in amounts determined pursuant to the terms of 
Section 5.4(d), subject to the following terms and conditions: 
(a) 
Timing of Drawdown Notices: Use of Drawdowns. Unless otherwise 
agreed in writing by the relevant Partner, the General Partner shall provide each Partner 
with a notice of each Drawdown (a "Drawdown Notice") at least 12 Business Days prior 
to the date on which such Drawdown is due and payable (the "Drawdown Date"), 
provided that in the case of a Drawdown in connection with a Closing, the General 
Partner may provide a Drawdown Notice to the Limited Partners admitted at such 
Closing as few as five Business Days prior to the Drawdown Date. Each Drawdown may 
be used for any purpose authorised or contemplated by this Agreement. 
(b) 
Contents of Drawdown Notices. In the case of a Drawdown to be used to 
make a Portfolio Investment, the relevant Drawdown Notice shall include (if applicable 
50496$304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108990 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255174 
EFTA01452099

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452100.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(iii) 
in the case of a Drawdown to be used to pay Organisational 
Expenses or Fund Expenses (not including drawings of the General Partner's 
Share or the payment of a Fund Expense described in (ii) above), such Partner's 
pro rata share (based on Commitments of all the Partners) of the amount required 
to pay such Organisational Expenses or Fund Expenses; 
(iv) 
in the case of a Drawdown to be used to fund drawings of the 
General Partner's Share calculated with respect to each Limited Partner, the 
amount calculated with respect to such Limited Partner as provided in Section 
7.3; and 
(v) 
in the case of the repayment of Indebtedness or interest thereon, 
(A) in the case of Indebtedness incurred in connection with a Portfolio 
Investment, such Partner's pro rata share (based on Sharing Percentages with 
respect to such Portfolio Investment (determined, with respect to any Portfolio 
Investment acquired by the Fund using Indebtedness, as though such Indebtedness 
were Loans previously advanced by the Partners pursuant to Section 5.4(d)(i))) of 
the aggregate amount required to repay such Indebtedness, (B) in the case of 
Indebtedness incurred in connection with funding drawings of the General 
Partner's Share, such Limited Partner's share of such drawings calculated with 
respect to such Limited Partner as provided in Section 7.3 and (C) in the case of 
all other Indebtedness, such Partner's pro rata share (based on Commitments of 
all the Partners) of the aggregate amount required to repay such Indebtedness. 
(e) 
Use of Distributable Cash to Fund Drawdowns. The General Partner or 
Manager may determine in its reasonable discretion and in good faith to retain and use 
for a period not to exceed 60 days Distributable Cash that otherwise would be 
distributable to a Partner pursuant to Article VI to fund all or part of any Loan that is 
required to be advanced by such Partner. The amount of such Distributable Cash so 
retained shall be deemed for all purposes of this Agreement to have been distributed to 
such Partner and then re-advanced to the Fund by such Partner as a Loan on the date on 
which the relevant Loan is required to be advanced. In the event that the retained amount 
with respect to any Partner is not sufficient to cover such Partner's Loan advancement 
requirement, the amount necessary to cover the balance of such Loan shall be advanced 
by such Partner pursuant to a Drawdown Notice as provided in this Section 5.4(e). Prior 
to, or concurrent with, advancing any Loans to be used to make a Portfolio Investment 
out of retained Distributable Cash, the General Partner shall provide to each Limited 
Partner the information required to be provided in a Drawdown Notice issued pursuant to 
Section 5.4(b). In addition to the foregoing, each Limited Partner agrees that the General 
Partner may hold back and use Distributable Cash that otherwise would be distributable 
to a Limited Partner to pay all or part of any amounts otherwise owing by such Limited 
Partner to the Fund, the General Partner or the Manager pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108992 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255176 
EFTA01452100

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452101.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 5.6(a), delivers to the Manager an opinion of counsel, which counsel and 
opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Manager, to the effect of clause (i)(A) 
of this Section 5.6(a) (other than as to materiality) as it relates to the determination by 
such Limited Partner, and provides the Manager with such other information 
concerning the circumstances giving rise to the excuse as the Manager may 
reasonably request; or 
(ii) 
the Manager (A) elects in its sole discretion (acting in good faith) to 
excuse such Limited Partner based on a reasonable determination that such Limited 
Partner's advancing of a Loan in respect of, or otherwise participating in funding, 
such investment is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Fund or 
the participation of such Limited Partner in such investment would prevent the Fund 
from being able to consummate such investment or would otherwise result in a 
material increase in the risk or difficulty to the Fund of consummating such 
investment or impose any material filing, tax, regulatory or other burden to which the 
Fund, the Manager, a Portfolio Investment or any other Partner or any of their 
respective Affiliates would not otherwise be subject and (B) advises such Limited 
Partner in writing, no later than five Business Days after delivery of the relevant 
Drawdown Notice, of its intention to invoke the provisions of this Section 5.6(axii). 
The affected Limited Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to alleviate 
the circumstances described in clause (i) or (ii) of this Section 5.6(a) and if, as a result 
of such efforts, such circumstances are alleviated, including through a reduction of 
such Limited Partner's Loan, the provisions of this Section 5.6 shall not apply or shall 
apply only to the affected portion of such Loan, as the case may be. Each Limited 
Partner agrees that its rights under this Section 5.6(a) will be exercised on an 
investment-by-investment basis and in good faith, and will not be exercised based on 
a judgment as to prospective investment results or for the purpose of improving the 
investment results of such Limited Partner relative to other Partners. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Limited Partner that is excused from a Portfolio Investment 
under this Section 5.6(a) shall not receive any distributions, or any reports or 
information referred to in Article VIII, in respect of such Portfolio Investment. The 
Manager may waive all or any portion of the conditions applicable to Limited 
Partners set forth in this Section 5.6(a). The provisions of this Section 5.6(a) may, in 
the sole discretion of the Manager, be applicable to a portion of a Feeder Fund's 
Interest. The General Partner shall have full authority to interpret in good faith the 
remaining provisions of this Section 5.6 to give effect to the intent of the preceding 
sentence. 
(b) 
Effect of Excuse. If any Limited Partner is excused from a Portfolio 
Investment pursuant to Section 5.6(a), the Manager may elect in its sole discretion to 
cause the Fund to make the investment without the participation of such Excused Partner 
or not to make the investment. If the Manager elects to cause the Fund to make the 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108994 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255178 
EFTA01452101

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452102.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Commitment up to an amount equal in the aggregate to the Defaulted Commitment. The 
General Partner shall make notifications under the Act and such revisions to the Register 
as may be necessary to reflect the change in Partners and Commitments contemplated by 
this Section 5.7(c). 
(d) 
Forfeiture and Application of Forfeited Amounts. The General Partner 
may in its reasonable discretion take any or all of the following actions with respect to a 
Defaulting Partner: (i) reduce amounts otherwise distributable to such Defaulting 
Partner on or after the date of such Default by 50% and withhold the remaining 50% of 
such amounts until the dissolution of the Fund and (ii) require such Defaulting Partner to 
remain fully liable for payment of amounts in respect of the General Partner's Share (as 
calculated in respect of such Defaulting Partner) and its pro rata share of Organisational 
Expenses and Fund Expenses as if the Default had not occurred. The General Partner 
may apply amounts otherwise distributable to such Defaulting Partner in satisfaction of 
all amounts payable by such Defaulting Partner. In addition, such Defaulting Partner 
shall have no further right to advance Loans to participate in any Portfolio Investment 
and shall be treated for purposes of Sections 5.4 and 5.6 as no longer a Partner. The 
General Partner may charge such Defaulting Partner interest on the Defaulted Amount 
and any other amounts not timely paid at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) 
LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% from the date such amounts were due and payable through 
the date that full payment of such amounts is actually made or, if such amounts are not 
paid, through the end of the Term, and to the extent not paid such interest charge may be 
deducted from amounts otherwise distributable to such Defaulting Partner. Amounts 
forfeited and not otherwise applied to the payment of the expenses specified in clause (ii) 
of the first sentence of this Section 5.7(d) or in Section 5.7(e), plus any interest thereon, 
shall be distributed to the Non-Defaulting Partners in proportion to their Commitments, 
provided that no Non-Defaulting Partner shall receive a distribution in respect of a 
Portfolio Investment with respect to which such Partner is an Excused Partner. The 
General Partner shall make such adjustments, including adjustments to the Partner 
Accounts of the Partners (including such Defaulting Partner), as it determines to be 
appropriate to give effect to the provisions of this Section 5.7. 
(e) 
Other Remedies, Payment of Expenses. The General Partner shall have 
the right to pursue all remedies available to it with respect to the Default of a Defaulting 
Partner. No course of dealing between the General Partner and any Defaulting Partner 
and no delay in exercising any right, waiver or remedy conferred in this Section 5.7 or 
now or hereafter existing by statute or otherwise shall operate as a waiver or otherwise 
prejudice any such right, waiver or remedy. In addition to the foregoing, the General 
Partner may, in its sole discretion, institute a lawsuit against any Defaulting Partner for 
specific performance or specific implementation of its obligation to advance Loans and 
any other payments to be made by a Limited Partner pursuant to this Agreement and to 
collect any overdue amounts hereunder. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement, each Limited Partner agrees, in the event of a Default by such Partner, to pay 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108997 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255181 
EFTA01452102

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452103.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
on demand all costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees and any borrowing costs) 
incurred by or on behalf of the Fund in connection with the enforcement of this 
Agreement against such Partner sustained as a result of such Default and that any such 
payment shall not constitute a Loan. 
(f) 
Consents. Whenever the vote, consent or decision of a Limited Partner is 
required or permitted pursuant to this Agreement or under the Act, a Defaulting Partner 
shall not be entitled to participate in such vote or consent, or to make such decision, and 
such vote, consent or decision shall be tabulated or made as if such Defaulting Partner 
were not a Partner. 
(g) 
Acknowledgement. Each Limited Partner hereby acknowledges that it has 
been admitted to the Fund in reliance upon its agreements under this Section 5.7 (as well 
as the other provisions of this Agreement), that the General Partner and the Fund may 
have no adequate remedy at law for a breach of this Agreement and that damages 
resulting from such breach may be impossible to ascertain as of the date of the Closing at 
which such Limited Partner is admitted to the Fund or as of the date of such breach. 
5.8 
Suspension and Early Termination of Investment Period. 
(a) 
Key Person Suspension and Termination. 
(i) 
If (A) either Principal, or (B) three Key Persons, cease to devote 
such business time and effort as is reasonably necessary to the investment and 
other activities of the Fund or otherwise as is required by Section 2.3(c) for any 
reason other than the inability of such Principal or Key Person, due to mental or 
physical impairment, to perform the services contemplated by this Agreement for 
a period not exceeding 60 consecutive days (or not exceeding any 90 days within 
any period of 360 days) (a "Temporary Disability"), the Investment Period will be 
automatically suspended (a "Suspension Event") and the Fund will engage only in 
Runoff Activities. The General Partner shall promptly notify the Limited Partners 
in writing of the occurrence of a Suspension Event. Within 120 days of the 
occurrence of a Suspension Event, either (x) a Qualified Replacement for such 
Principal or other Key Person (as applicable) shall be appointed in accordance 
with Section 5.8(aXii) and the Investment Period shall be reinstated or (y) a 
Qualified Replacement for such Principal or other Key Person (as applicable) 
shall not have been appointed in accordance with Section 5.8(aXii), in which case 
the Investment Period shall remain suspended unless otherwise reinstated in 
accordance with Section 5.8(a)(iii). 
(ii) 
Prior to or following a Suspension Event the General Partner, by 
written notice to each member of the Advisory Committee, may nominate a 
Qualified Replacement for such Principal or Key Person (as applicable) referred 
to in Section 5.8(aXi). The General Partner will use commercially reasonable 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108998 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255182 
EFTA01452103

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452104.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
efforts (A) to provide information to the members of the Advisory Committee 
with respect to any such nominee and, if requested by such members, shall 
arrange for an interview of such nominee with such members at a mutually 
convenient time and place and (B) to schedule a vote by the Advisory Committee 
no sooner than five Business Days but no later than 30 Business Days after the 
notice of nomination is given. A nominee's election shall be effective upon the 
consent of the Advisory Committee (such approval not to be unreasonably 
withheld) and upon such election such nominee shall constitute a "Qualified 
Replacement". If the Advisory Committee shall not have taken action to accept 
or reject a nominee within 30 Business Days after notice of such Person's 
nomination is delivered, the General Partner shall deliver a second written notice 
to each member of the Advisory Committee stating that if the Advisory 
Committee takes no action within 10 Business Days after the date of such second 
notice, such nominee shall become a Qualified Replacement. Then, if the 
Advisory Committee shall still not have taken action within 10 Business Days of 
the delivery of such second notice, such nominee shall be deemed elected as a 
Qualified Replacement. 
(iii) 
The Investment Period shall be reinstated (A) if the requisite 
number of Qualified Replacements are elected as provided in Section 5.8(aXii), or 
(B) at any time with the consent of 66%% in Interest (excluding Affiliated 
Partners). If the Investment Period is not reinstated in accordance with this 
Section 5.8 within 12 months of the occurrence of a Suspension Event, the 
Investment Period shall be terminated, and, notwithstanding Section 7.2, the 
annual General Partner's Share in respect of each Limited Partner shall then be 
determined using the methodology applicable to the calculation of the General 
Partner's Share in respect of such Limited Partner after the termination of the 
Investment Period. 
(iv) If 75% in Interest (excluding Affiliated Partners) reasonably 
believes that a Key Person or the Manager has engaged in Removal Conduct, 75% 
in Interest may provide written notice to the Manager outlining (on a without 
prejudice basis) the factual basis for such belief. Within 10 Business Days of 
receipt of such notice the Manager shall either notify the Limited Partners in 
writing: 
(A) 
that the Manager agrees that such Key Person or the Manager has 
engaged in Removal Conduct, in which case the Manager shall take such actions 
as soon as practicable to ensure such Key Person is no longer involved (directly or 
indirectly) with the Fund or, in the case of the Manager, to cure the Removal 
Conduct in a manner reasonably satisfactory to a Majority in Interest; or 
(B) 
that the Manager does not agree that a Key Person or the Manager 
has engaged in Removal Conduct, in which case the Limited Partners representing 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0108999 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255183 
EFTA01452104

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452105.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
75% in Interest shall have 6 months in which to serve formal legal process in 
respect of the alleged Removal Conduct. If a court of competent jurisdiction 
makes a final determination based on the merits that such Key Person or the 
Manager has engaged in the alleged Removal Conduct, then the Manager shall be 
removed in accordance with Article VII, the Special Limited Partner shall only be 
entitled to the distributions as provided for in Section 7.6(0 and, in the case of 
Removal Conduct by a Key Person, the provisions of Section 5.8(a) shall apply. 
(b) 
Ongoing Role of the General Partner and the Manager. From and after the 
date that the Investment Period ends as contemplated by this Section 5.8, each of the 
General Partner and the Manager shall continue to act on behalf of the Fund and perform 
the functions of the General Partner and the Manager (as applicable) and shall have all of 
the rights and privileges of the General Partner and the Manager (as applicable) 
hereunder. 
ARTICLE VI 
PARTNER ACCOUNTS; DISTRIBUTIONS; ALLOCATIONS; WITHHOLDING 
6.1 
Partner Accounts. There shall be established on the books and records of 
the Fund one or more accounts (each a "Partner Account") for each Partner as the 
General Partner determines necessary to determine and record each such Partner's share 
of the income, profits, gains and losses of the Fund. The General Partner may vary such 
Partner Accounts and may determine or vary the allocation of any item as it determines 
appropriate to reflect the intention of the Partners as stated in this Agreement, provided 
that no such variation shall adversely affect the amounts distributable to the Partners 
pursuant to Section 6.2. 
6.2 
Distributions Attributable to Portfolio Investments. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided herein, Distributable Cash (other than de 
minimis amounts) attributable to any Portfolio Investment or Temporary Investment shall 
be distributed as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event no later than 60 days, 
after receipt by the Fund. Distributable Cash attributable to (x) any Portfolio Investment 
shall be provisionally apportioned among the Partners in proportion to their Sharing 
Percentages with respect to such Portfolio Investment and (y) Temporary Investments 
shall be provisionally apportioned among the Partners in proportion to the Loans 
advanced in respect of the investment giving rise to such Distributable Cash, or if the 
General Partner so determines, in proportion to their Commitments. Except as otherwise 
provided herein, the amount apportioned to the General Partner, the Special Limited 
Partner and to any other Executive Fund Partner shall be distributed to the General 
Partner, the Special Limited Partner and each such other Executive Fund Partner, 
respectively, and the amount apportioned to each other Limited Partner shall first be 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109000 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255184 
EFTA01452105

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452106.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Finandai LLC 
applied towards payment of the General Partner's Share attributable to such Limited 
Partner payable on any preceding GP Draw Date (less the net amount drawn under 
Section 7.4(a) with respect to, and any amount previously applied pursuant to this Section 
6.2 towards, the General Partner's Share attributable to such Limited Partner) and any 
remaining Distributable Cash with respect to such Limited Partner shall be distributed as 
follows (with each determination made as of the time of distribution): 
(i) 
Return of Loans: 
First, 100% to such Limited Partner as a return 
of such Limited Partner's Loans, until the cumulative amount distributed to such 
Limited Partner pursuant to this Section 6.2(a)(i) is sufficient to repay the Loans 
of such Limited Partner; 
(ii) 
Preferred Return: 
Second, 100% to such Limited Partner until the 
cumulative amount distributed to such Limited Partner pursuant to this 
Section 6.2(a) is sufficient to provide such Limited Partner with an 8% annualised 
effective internal rate of return on the Loans advanced by such Limited Partner, 
computed from the Drawdown Dates specified in the applicable Drawdown 
Notices, until the dates distributions are made pursuant to this Section 6.2; 
(iii) 
12.5% Catch-Up: Third, 100% to the Special Limited Partner 
until the cumulative amount distributed to the Special Limited Partner attributable 
to such Limited Partner pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) is equal to 12.5% of the 
excess of (x) the cumulative amounts distributed to such Limited Partner and to 
the Special Limited Partner attributable to such Limited Partner pursuant to this 
Section 6.2(a) over (v) the Loans of such Limited Partner; and 
(iv) 
Thereafter 87.5/12.5 Split: 
Fourth, 87.5% to such Limited 
Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited Partner. 
(b) 
The General Partner shall, in good faith, determine the Portfolio 
Investment or Temporary Investment to which any Distributable Cash is considered 
attributable. Appropriate adjustments shall be made to the Partner Accounts in respect of 
amounts distributed to the Partners pursuant to the foregoing. Notwithstanding the 
provisions of Section 6.2(a), the General Partner may elect to defer the distribution of any 
portion of the amounts distributable to the Special Limited Partner pursuant to Sections 
6.2(aXiii) and (iv), and instead distribute such portion to the other Limited Partners 
(allocated among the Limited Partners in proportion to the amounts otherwise 
distributable to the Special Limited Partner with respect to each such Limited Partner), 
provided that in such event the Special Limited Partner may subsequently elect to have 
distributed to it out of amounts otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner any 
amount previously deferred and not yet recovered pursuant to this proviso. The General 
Partner shall equitably determine pursuant to which clause of Section 6.2(a) each 
distribution made in accordance with the previous sentence shall be deemed to have been 
made. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109001 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255185 
EFTA01452106

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452107.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
6.3 
Tax Distributions. Notwithstanding Section 6.2, with respect to any 
Portfolio Investment, the Fund may, at any time, out of Distributable Cash from any 
source, make distributions ("Tax Distributions") to all Partners (other than any Defaulting 
Partners or any Excused Partners with respect to such Portfolio Investment), regardless of 
their tax status, in amounts intended to enable such Partners (or any Person whose tax 
liability is determined by reference to the income of any such Partner) to discharge their 
tax liabilities arising from allocations made (or to be made) pursuant to Section 6.8 or 
7.5, and any distributions made, with respect to such Portfolio Investment. The amount 
of each Tax Distribution shall be determined by the General Partner in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the maximum effective United Kingdom tax rate 
applicable to individuals or corporations (whichever is higher) on income and gains, as 
the case may be, and the amounts of income and gains allocated to the Partners pursuant 
to this Agreement, and otherwise based on such assumptions as the General Partner 
determines in its reasonable discretion to be appropriate. The amount distributable to any 
Partner pursuant to any clause of Section 6.2 shall be reduced by any Tax Distributions 
made to such Partner and not previously taken into account pursuant to this sentence, and 
such Tax Distributions shall also be deemed to have been distributed pursuant to such 
clause of Section 6.2 for purposes of making the calculations required by this Agreement, 
so that to the extent possible each Partner receives in the aggregate pursuant to Section 
6.2 and this Section 6.3 the amount it would have received pursuant to Section 6.2 as if 
this Section 6.3 were not included in this Agreement. For purposes of the preceding 
sentence, the General Partner shall allocate in its sole discretion any distributions 
received by the Special Limited Partner pursuant to this Section 6.3 among Distributable 
Cash apportioned to each Partner. 
6.4 
General Distribution Provisions. 
(a) 
Overriding Limitations on Distributions. Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Agreement, distributions shall be made only to the extent of Available 
Assets and in compliance with the Act and other applicable law. 
(b) 
Distributions to Persons Shown on the Register. Any distribution by the 
Fund pursuant to this Article VI or Article XI to the Person shown on the Register as a 
Partner or to such Person's legal representatives, or to the Transferee of such Person's 
right to receive such distributions as provided herein, shall, to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law, acquit the Fund and the General Partner of all liability to any other 
Person that may be interested in such distribution by reason of any Transfer of such 
Person's Interest for any reason (including a Transfer of such Interest by reason of the 
death, incompetence, bankruptcy or liquidation of such Person). 
(c) 
Reservation of Rights. The Fund shall be entitled to have a reservation of 
rights for all distributions received by the Limited Partners, pursuant to the General 
Partner's right to require the Partners to return distributions to the Fund pursuant to 
Section 9.2. The Fund and the Partners hereby agree that all distributions received by the 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109002 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255186 
EFTA01452107

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452108.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Partners from the Fund shall automatically and without any further action be subject to 
such a reservation of rights. 
6.5 
Distributions in Kind. 
(a) 
General. The General Partner shall only make distributions in cash or 
Marketable Securities during the Term. Upon the dissolution and winding up of the 
Fund, the General Partner may distribute any Securities or other property as distributions 
in kind pursuant to Section 11.2(a). In the event that a distribution of Securities or other 
property is made, such Securities or property shall be deemed to have been sold at their 
Value and the proceeds of such sale shall be deemed to have been distributed in the form 
of Distributable Cash to the Partners pursuant to Section 6.2. Distributions of any 
Securities or other property shall be made in proportion to the aggregate amounts that 
would be distributed to each Partner pursuant to Section 6.2. The General Partner may 
cause certificates evidencing any Securities to be distributed to be imprinted with legends 
as to such restrictions on Transfer as it may determine are necessary or appropriate, 
including legends as to applicable U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. securities laws or 
other legal or contractual restrictions, and may require any Partner to which Securities are 
to be distributed, as a condition to such distribution, to agree in writing (r) that such 
Partner will not Transfer such Securities except in compliance with such restrictions and 
(ii) to such other matters as the General Partner may determine are necessary or 
appropriate. 
(b) 
Legal, Regulatory or Contractual Restrictions Relating to Distributions in 
Kind. If any Partner would otherwise be distributed an amount of any Securities that 
would cause such Partner to own or control in excess of the amount of such Securities 
that it may lawfully own or control, would subject such Partner to any material regulatory 
filing or would raise material contractual or regulatory issues for such Partner, the 
General Partner may (I) cause the Fund, as agent for such Partner, to sell all or any 
portion of such Securities distributable to such Partner on behalf of such Partner or (II) 
deposit such Securities in a trust established by the General Partner for the benefit and at 
the expense of such Partner (with voting control and other terms that are satisfactory to 
such Partner). 
6.6 
Negative Partner Accounts. Except as otherwise provided in Section 9.2 
(and, solely with respect to the Special Limited Partner, Section 11.3), no Limited Partner 
shall be required to make up a negative balance in any Partner Account. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or as required by law, the General 
Partner shall not be required to make up a negative balance in any Partner Account. 
6.7 
No Withdrawal of Capital or Repayment of Loans. Except as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have the right to withdraw capital 
from the Fund or to receive any distribution of or return on such Partner's Capital 
Contributions or Loans. 
60496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109003 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255187 
EFTA01452108

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452109.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111 - 1081 Southern Financial US 
6.8 
U.S. Tax Matters. 
(a) 
U.S. Tax Allocations. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.8, 
each item of income, gain, loss or deduction recognised by the Fund shall be allocated 
among the Partners for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes, to the extent 
permitted under the Code and the Treasury Regulations, in a manner that as closely as 
possible gives economic effect to the provisions of Article VI and the other relevant 
provisions of this Agreement, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, deductions 
attributable to the General Partner's Share shall be allocated among the Limited Partners 
in accordance with the amount calculated with respect to each Limited Partner as 
provided in Section 7.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner shall have 
the power to adjust such allocations as long as such adjusted allocations have substantial 
economic effect or are in accordance with the interests of the Partners in the Fund, in 
each case within the meaning of the Code and the Treasury Regulations. Tax credits and 
tax credit recapture shall be allocated in accordance with the Partners' interests in the 
Fund as provided in Treasury Regulations section 1.704-1(b)(4Xii). All matters 
concerning allocations for U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. income tax purposes, 
including accounting procedures, not expressly provided for by the terms of this 
Agreement shall be determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
(b) 
Tax Matters Partner. The General Partner is hereby designated as the tax 
matters partner of the Fund, in accordance with the Treasury Regulations promulgated 
pursuant to section 6231 of the Code and any similar provisions under any other state or 
local or non-U.S. tax laws. Each Partner hereby consents to such designation and agrees 
that, upon the request of the General Partner, it will execute, certify, acknowledge, 
deliver, swear to, file and record at the appropriate public offices such documents as may 
be necessary or appropriate to evidence such consent. 
(c) 
Partnership for Tax Purposes. Either the General Partner shall have 
executed and filed a U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form 8832 prior to the date hereof 
electing to classify the Fund as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
pursuant to section 301.7701-3 of the Treasury Regulations with effect as of a date no 
later than the date hereof, or the General Partner shall timely execute and file such form 
8832 on or after the date hereof electing to classify the Fund as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes with effect as of a date no later than the date hereof, and the 
General Partner is hereby authorised to execute and file such Form 8832 for all of the 
Partners. The General Partner shall not subsequently elect to change such classification. 
The General Partner is hereby authorised to execute and file for all of the Partners any 
comparable form or document required by any applicable U.S. tax law for the Fund to be 
classified as a partnership under such tax law. The Fund shall not participate in the 
establishment of an "established securities market" (within the meaning of section 
1.7704-1(b) of the Treasury Regulations) or a "secondary market or the substantial 
equivalent thereof' (within the meaning of section 1.7704-1(c) of the Treasury 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109004 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255188 
EFTA01452109

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452110.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Regulations) or, in either case, the inclusion thereon of "interests" in the Fund (within the 
meaning of section 1.7704-1 of the Treasury Regulations). The General Partner shall 
furnish the Limited Partners, upon their written request, with a copy of any U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Form 8832 filed in respect of the Fund with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service. 
(d) 
Limited Partner Notification Requirements. Each Limited Partner shall 
notify the General Partner in a timely manner of its intention to (1) file a notice of 
inconsistent treatment under section 6222(b) of the Code, (ii) file a request for 
administrative adjustment of Fund items, (iii) file a petition with respect to any Fund item 
or other tax matters involving the Fund, or (iv) enter into a settlement agreement with the 
Secretary of the Treasury with respect to any Fund items. Upon receipt of any such 
notification the General Partner, if it agrees with such Limited Partner's position, may in 
its reasonable discretion elect to make such filing or enter into such agreement, as 
applicable and practicable, on behalf of the Fund or in its own name. The cost of any 
audits or adjustments of a Limited Partner's tax return shall be borne solely by the 
affected Limited Partner. Each Limited Partner shall promptly upon request furnish to 
the General Partner any information that the General Partner may reasonably request in 
connection with any election or contemplated election or adjustment under sections 734, 
743 or 754 of the Code or with filing the tax returns of the Fund, any Affiliate thereof or 
any Portfolio Company. 
(e) 
Loans as Equity. For all U.S. tax purposes, the Fund and the Partners shall 
treat the Loans as equity, and not as indebtedness (as those terms are understood and 
interpreted pursuant to U.S. tax laws). 
(f) 
Certain Actions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, 
(I) each Limited Partner shall, and shall cause each of its Affiliates and transferees to, 
take any action requested by the General Partner, and the General Partner may take any 
action, to ensure that the fair market value of any Interest that is transferred in connection 
with the performance of services is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as being 
equal to the "liquidation value" (within the meaning of Prop. Treas. Reg. section 1.83-
3(I)) of that Interest (and that each such Interest is afforded pass-through treatment for all 
applicable U.S. federal, state or local income tax purposes) and (ii) without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, to the extent required in order to attain or ensure such 
treatment under any applicable law, Treasury Regulation, Revenue Procedure, Revenue 
Ruling, Notice or other guidance governing partnership interests transferred in 
connection with the performance of services, such action may include authorising and 
directing the Fund or the General Partner to make any election, agreeing to any condition 
imposed on such Limited Partner, its Affiliates or its transferees, executing any 
amendment to this Agreement or other agreements, executing any new agreement, 
making any tax election or tax filing and agreeing not to take any contrary position. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109005 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255189 
EFTA01452110

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452111.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
6.9 
Withholding.
(a) 
General. Each Partner shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, indemnify and hold harmless the Fund, each of the other Partners and each Covered 
Person who is or who is deemed to be the responsible withholding agent or is otherwise 
liable for U.S. federal, state or local or non-U.S. income or corporation tax purposes 
against all claims, liabilities and expenses of whatever nature relating to such Covered 
Person's or other Partner's obligation to withhold and to pay over, or otherwise pay, any 
withholding or other taxes payable by the Fund, other Partner or Covered Person with 
respect to such Partner or as a result of such Partner's participation in the Fund. 
(b) 
Authority to Withhold; Treatment of Withheld Tax. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, each Partner hereby authorises the Fund and the 
General Partner to withhold and to pay over, or otherwise pay, any withholding or other 
taxes payable or required to be deducted by the Fund, the General Partner, the Manager, 
any Alternative Investment Vehicle or any of their respective Affiliates (pursuant to the 
Code or any provision of U.S. federal, state or local or non-U.S. tax law or otherwise) 
with respect to such Partner or as a result of such Partner's participation in the Fund 
(including as a result of a distribution in kind to such Partner). If and to the extent that 
the Fund shall be required to withhold or pay any such withholding or other taxes, such 
Partner shall be deemed for all purposes of this Agreement to have received a payment 
from the Fund as of the time that such withholding or other tax is withheld or required to 
be paid, whichever is earlier, which payment shall be deemed to be a distribution of 
Distributable Cash with respect to such Partner's Interest to the extent that such Partner 
(or any successor to such Partner's Interest) would have received a cash distribution but 
for such withholding. To the extent that such payment exceeds the cash distribution that 
such Partner would have received but for such withholding, the General Partner shall 
notify such Partner as to the amount of such excess and such Partner shall make a prompt 
payment to the Fund of such amount by wire transfer, which payment shall not constitute 
a Loan and, consequently, shall not reduce the Remaining Commitment of such Partner 
or increase the balance of such Partner's Partner Account. The Fund may hold back from 
any such distribution in kind property having a Value equal to the amount of such taxes 
until the Fund has received payment of such amount 
(c) 
Withholding Tax Rate. Any withholdings referred to in this Section 6.9 
shall be made at the maximum applicable statutory rate under the applicable tax law 
unless the General Partner shall have received an opinion of counsel, or other evidence, 
satisfactory to the General Partner to the effect that a lower rate is applicable or that no 
withholding is applicable. 
(d) 
Withholding from Distributions to the Fund. In the event that the Fund 
receives a distribution or payment from or in respect of which tax has been withheld, the 
Fund shall be deemed to have received cash in an amount equal to the amount of such 
withheld tax, and each Partner shall be deemed for all purposes of this Agreement to have 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109006 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255190 
EFTA01452111

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452112.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
received a payment from the Fund as of the time of such distribution or payment equal to 
the portion of such amount that is attributable to such Partner's Interest as determined by 
the General Partner in its sole discretion, which payment shall be deemed to be a 
distribution of Distributable Cash pursuant to the relevant clause of Section 6.2 to the 
extent that such Partner (or any successor to such Partner's Interest) would have received 
a cash distribution but for such withholding. To the extent that such payment exceeds the 
cash distribution that such Partner would have received but for such withholding, the 
General Partner shall notify such Partner as to the amount of such excess and such 
Partner shall make a prompt payment to the Fund of such amount by wire transfer, which 
payment shall not constitute a Loan and, consequently, shall not reduce the Remaining 
Commitment of such Partner or increase the balance of such Partner's Partner Account. 
In the event that the Fund anticipates receiving a distribution or payment from which tax 
will be withheld in kind, the General Partner may elect to prevent such in kind 
withholding by paying such tax in cash and may require each Partner in advance of such 
distribution to make a prompt payment to the Fund by wire transfer of the amount of such 
tax attributable to such Partner's Interest as equitably determined by the General Partner, 
which payment shall not constitute a Loan and, consequently, shall not reduce the 
Remaining Commitment of such Partner or increase the balance of such Partner's Partner 
Account. 
(e) 
FATCA. Each Partner shall provide the General Partner and the Fund 
with any information, representations, certificates or forms relating to such Partner (or its 
direct or indirect owners or account holders) that are requested from time to time by the 
General Partner and that the General Partner determines in its sole discretion are 
necessary or appropriate in order for any fund entity (including (i) the Fund and any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle, (ii) any entity in which the Fund or any Alternative 
Investment Vehicle holds (directly or indirectly) an interest (whether in the form of debt 
or equity), Many member of any "expanded affiliated group" (as defined in 
section 1471(e)(2) of the Code) of which any Person described in clause (i) or (ii) is a 
member and (iv) the Manager or any of its Affiliates) to (A) enter into, maintain or 
comply with the agreement contemplated by section 1471(b) of the Code, (B) satisfy any 
requirement imposed under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code in order to avoid any 
withholding required under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (including any 
withholding upon any payments to such Partner under this Agreement), (C) comply with 
any reporting or withholding requirements under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code 
or (D) comply with any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted 
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code. In addition, each Partner 
shall take such actions as the General Partner may reasonably request in connection with 
the foregoing. In the event that any Partner fails to provide any of the information, 
representations, certificates or forms (or undertake any of the actions) required under this 
Section 6.9(e), the General Partner shall have full authority to (A) (x) form an entity 
organised in the United States of America and transfer such Partner's Interest to such 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109007 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255191 
EFTA01452112

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452113.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
entity and admit such Partner as an owner of such entity or (y) convert such Partner's 
Interest to an interest in a Parallel Fund organised as a Delaware limited partnership and 
cause such Partner to cease to be a Partner of the Fund, (B) close such Limited Partner's 
"account" with the Fund by causing a Transfer of such Partner's Interest to a Person 
selected by the General Partner in a transaction that complies with Section 10.1 in 
exchange for any consideration that can be obtained for such Interest and/or (C) take any 
other steps as the General Partner determines in its sole discretion are necessary or 
appropriate to mitigate the consequences of such Partner's failure to comply with this 
Section 6.9(e) on the Fund and the other Partners. If requested by the General Partner, 
such Partner shall execute any and all documents, opinions, instruments and certificates 
as the General Partner shall have reasonably requested or that are otherwise required to 
effectuate the foregoing. Any Partner that fails to comply with this Section 6.9(e) shall, 
together with all other Partners that fail to comply with this Section 6.9(e), unless 
otherwise agreed by the General Partner in writing, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
indemnify and hold harmless the General Partner and the Fund for any costs or expenses 
arising out of such failure or failures, including any withholding tax imposed under 
sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code or as a result of any intergovernmental 
agreement described in clause (D) above on the Fund and any withholding or other taxes 
imposed as a result of a transfer effected pursuant to this Section 6.9(e). Each Partner 
acknowledges and agrees that any personal data in respect of a natural person that is 
provided to the General Partner or the Fund in accordance with this Section 6.9(e) may be 
disclosed to any tax authority in the European Economic Area or outside the European 
Economic Area. In addition, the General Partner shall, without the consent of any 
Person, including any other Partner, revise the Register as may be necessary or 
appropriate to reflect the change in Partners and Commitments made pursuant to this 
Section 6.9(e) and, to the extent required by the Act, shall promptly provide a written 
statement to the Registrar notifying it of any change in the particulars required to be 
provided under the Act. 
6.10 
Structuring of Investments. 
(a) 
The General Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts (which 
shall include seeking appropriate tax advice) to structure the Fund's acquisition of 
Portfolio Investments with the goal of minimising, to the extent possible, the tax costs to 
the Fund as a whole from the making and realising of Portfolio Investments, determined 
without regard to the tax status of any particular Partner (such as the availability of tax 
treaty benefits to any Partner, the taxable or tax-exempt status of any Partner, or the U.S. 
or non-U.S. status of any Partner). In using such commercially reasonable efforts, the 
General Partner may make, and shall be permitted to rely on, all reasonable assumptions 
it deems appropriate at the time the Portfolio Investment is made. Nothing in this Section 
6.10(a) shall require either the Fund or the General Partner to perform any act that the 
General Partner in good faith believes may not be in the best interests of the Fund or 
could damage the Fund or its business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109008 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255192 
EFTA01452113

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452114.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Partners or could damage the Fund or its business or that the Fund is required by law or 
by agreement with a third Person to refrain from doing and (iii) the General Partner shall 
not be required to take this Section 6.10(d) into account in structuring or disposing of any 
Portfolio Investment. 
(e) 
Investments in PFICs. If the General Partner determines that any Direct 
Secondary or Co-Investment is treated as a passive foreign investment company (a 
"PFIC"), the General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners of such determination and, 
upon the written request and at the expense of any Limited Partner, for each Fiscal Year 
of the Fund commencing with the first Fiscal Year in which such determination is made, 
the General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Limited 
Partner, within 180 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, with (r) all information 
necessary to permit such Limited Partner to complete U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Form 8621 with respect to its Interest; and (ii) a PFIC Annual Information Statement 
under section 1295(b) of the Code with respect to such PFIC, provided that in the case of 
a PFIC that the Fund does not control, directly or indirectly, the General Partner will be 
deemed to have fulfilled its obligations under this clause if it has made a good faith 
request to the PFIC for such information. 
6.11 EU Savings Directive. Each Limited Partner (a) consents to any action 
(including any disclosure) considered to be necessary or desirable by the General Partner 
in connection with the European Union Directive on the Taxation of Savings Income 
(2003/48/EC) (the "EU Savings Directive") to enable disclosures to be made by any 
relevant Persons and/or to enable the Fund or any Person to receive interest income 
(within the meaning of the EU Savings Directive and/or any local law implementing the 
EU Savings Directive) free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxation and (b) agrees to provide the General Partner within 14 days of a written request 
from the General Partner to do so, with all such information and documents as the 
General Partner requests in relation to the EU Savings Directive and any law relating to 
or implementing the EU Savings Directive in any relevant jurisdiction. 
ARTICLE VII 
APPOINTMENT OF THE MANAGER; GENERAL PARTNER'S SHARE 
7.1 
Appointment of the Manager. The General Partner shall appoint the 
Manager to provide portfolio management, risk management and administrative services 
in respect of the Fund to the General Partner on the following terms: 
(a) 
The Manager shall manage the operations of the Fund, shall have the right 
to execute and deliver documents on behalf of the Fund or in its own name and otherwise 
bind the Fund in lieu of the General Partner and shall have discretionary authority with 
respect to investments of the Fund, including the authority to investigate, analyse, 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109010 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255194 
EFTA01452114

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452115.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
structure and negotiate potential investments and to evaluate, monitor, exercise voting 
rights, advise as to disposition opportunities and take other appropriate action with 
respect to the investments on behalf of the Fund. Other than as provided herein 
(including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, as provided in Section 7.2), 
the appointment of the Manager by the General Partner shall not relieve the General 
Partner from its obligations to the Fund hereunder or under the Partnership Law. 
(b) 
The Manager shall act in conformity with this Agreement and with the 
Investment Management Agreement, and in no event shall the Manager be considered a 
general partner of the Fund by agreement, estoppel, as a result of the performance of its 
duties or otherwise. 
(c) 
The engagement of the Manager contemplated hereby is set forth in an 
investment management agreement (the "Investment Manaaement Agreement") 
specifying in further detail the rights and duties of the Manager. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, the Fund, and the General Partner on behalf of the 
Fund, may execute, deliver and perform the Investment Management Agreement, all 
without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner or other Person. The 
appointment of the Manager shall terminate upon the earlier of the dissolution of the 
Fund pursuant to Section 11.4 and in the other circumstances set out in such Investment 
Management Agreement. 
7.2 
Regulated Activities. Any power, discretion, authority or obligation of the 
General Partner in relation to its appointment which constitutes 'managing an AIF' or 
any other regulated activity for the purposes of the Regulated Activities Order (or which 
would constitute 'managing an AIF' or any other regulated activity if carried on by the 
General Partner in the United Kingdom), shall be carried out or exercised (as the case 
may be) by the Manager (or other Authorised Person) to the exclusion of the General 
Partner, provided that the Manager shall be directly responsible to the Partners in relation 
to the exercise or carrying out (as the case may be) of each such power, discretion, 
authority and obligation. If any uncertainty exists as to whether a power, discretion, 
authority, duty or obligation constitutes a regulated activity (or would constitute a 
regulated activity if carried on in the United Kingdom), the General Partner shall 
determine in its sole discretion whether such power, discretion, authority, duty or 
obligation is a regulated activity for purposes of this Agreement. 
7.3 
General Partner's Share. 
(a) 
Payment and Calculation of the General Partner's Share. GP Ltd shall, 
beginning on the later of (A) the date on which the investment period of SOF II expires 
and (B) the date of the Initial Closing (the "GPS Start Date") and continuing throughout 
the Term (subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement), be entitled 
to receive a priority share of the profits of the Fund (the "General Partner's Share"), 
calculated as follows: 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109011 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255195 
EFTA01452115

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452116.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(i) 
From the GPS Start Date until the last day of the Investment 
Period, the General Partner's Share for any Period (or part thereof) shall be an 
aggregate amount, calculated with respect to (x) each Limited Partner (other than 
a Feeder Fund) equal to 1.25% per annum, reduced by the Applicable Points and 
the Incentive Points as at the date of calculation, of the Commitment of such 
Limited Partner and (y) each Feeder Fund (other than an Executive Fund Partner) 
equal to an amount calculated with respect to each investor in such Feeder Fund 
equal to 1.25% per annum, reduced by the Applicable Points and the Incentive 
Points as at the date of calculation, of the commitment (or equivalent) of such 
investor. 
(ii) 
From the termination of the Investment Period until the second 
anniversary of the termination of the Investment Period, the General Partner's 
Share for any Period (or part thereof) shall be an aggregate amount, calculated 
with respect to (x) each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) equal to 1% 
per annum, reduced by the Applicable Points and the Incentive Points as at the 
date of calculation, of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner and (y) each 
Feeder Fund (other than an Executive Fund Partner) equal to an amount 
calculated with respect to each investor in such Feeder Fund equal to 1% per 
annum, reduced by the Applicable Points and the Incentive Points as at the date of 
calculation, of the Invested Capital of such investor. 
(iii) 
Thereafter, until the last day of the Term, the General Partner's 
Share for any Period (or part thereof) shall be an aggregate amount, calculated 
with respect to (x) each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) of the greater 
of (A) 90% of the General Partner's Share attributable to such Limited Partner for 
the immediately preceding year as calculated prior to the reduction, if any, 
described in clauses (aa) and (bb) below and (B) 0.25% of the Invested Capital of 
such Limited Partner and (v) each Feeder Fund (other than an Executive Fund 
Partner) equal to an amount calculated with respect to each investor in such 
Feeder Fund equal to the greater of (A) 90% of the General Partner's Share 
attributable to such investor for the immediately preceding year as calculated 
prior to the reduction, if any, described in clauses (aa) and (bb) below and (B) 
0.25% of the Invested Capital of such investor. 
Upon each GP Draw Date, the General Partner's Share calculated with respect to 
each Limited Partner for the period beginning on the current GP Draw Date and ending 
on the day before the succeeding GP Draw Date shall be reduced, but not below zero, by 
the sum of (aa) an amount equal to such Limited Partner's pm raw share (based on 
Commitments of the Partners) of any General Partner Expenses paid by the Fund since 
the preceding GP Draw Date and (bb) an amount equal to such Limited Partner's pro raw 
share (based on Commitments of the Partners) of all Fee Income received since the 
preceding GP Draw Date. To the extent that the General Partner's Share with respect to 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109012 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255196 
EFTA01452116

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452117.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
any Limited Partner is not reduced as of any given GP Draw Date by the amounts 
referred to in the preceding sentence (or any portion thereof determined with respect to a 
previous GP Draw Date and carried over to the current GP Draw Date pursuant to this 
sentence) because the General Partner's Share with respect to such Limited Partner has 
been reduced to zero, the excess shall be carried over to the next succeeding GP Draw 
Date (and, if necessary, to one or more subsequent GP Draw Dates) and applied as a 
reduction of the General Partner's Share with respect to such Limited Partner, but not 
below zero, for such succeeding GP Draw Date (or a subsequent GP Draw Date). Upon 
dissolution of the Fund, GP Ltd shall pay to each of the Limited Partners the amount (if 
any, and net of any withholding tax) that, pursuant to the preceding sentence, would have 
been applied to reduce the General Partner's Share with respect to that Limited Partner 
upon a subsequent GP Draw Date. 
(b) 
Additional General Partner's Share in Connection With Subsequent 
Closing Partners. In connection with the admission of a Subsequent Closing Partner, the 
Fund shall pay GP Ltd an additional General Partner's Share as provided in Section 
10.2(b). 
7.4 
Drawings by GP Ltd. 
(a) 
GP Ltd shall be entitled to make drawings out of the Fund's cash funds, on 
account of the General Partner's Share calculated with respect to each Limited Partner, 
commencing on the GPS Start Date (or such later date as may be determined by the 
General Partner) and on each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 thereafter (each, a 
"GP Draw Date"), in each case, in respect of the period ending on the next succeeding 
GP Draw Date. If the GPS Start Date is less than 60 days before the next GP Draw Date, 
the first payment shall cover the period commencing on the GPS Start Date and ending 
on the day before the next following GP Draw Date. If at any time during or following a 
Fiscal Year it should be discovered that the sum of (i) drawings pursuant to this Section 
7.4(a) and Oft distributions pursuant to Section 6.2, in each case made on account of the 
General Partner's Share with respect to a Limited Partner, are less than, or exceed, the 
General Partner's Share with respect to such Limited Partner for such Fiscal Year, 
additional drawings may be made by the General Partner in an amount equal to such 
shortfall or the General Partner shall repay such excess to the Fund, respectively. 
(b) 
In no circumstances (except to the extent of any excess pursuant to Section 
7.4(a)) shall any drawings made pursuant to Section 7.4(a) be recoverable from the 
General Partner except by way of allocation of profits against such drawings in 
accordance with Section 7.5(a) or as provided by the final sentence of Section 7.3(a). 
(c) 
If the aggregate drawings and distributions under Sections 7.4(a) and 6.2, 
respectively, in respect of the General Partner's Share for a Fiscal Year exceed the sum of 
the profits allocated to GP Ltd in accordance with Section 7.5(a), the amount of such 
excess shall be treated as advanced to GP Ltd as an interest-free loan, but such advance 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109013 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255197 
EFTA01452117

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452118.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
shall not extinguish the amount of the General Partner's Share outstanding, which shall 
be carried forward to subsequent Fiscal Years. If any part of the General Partner's Share 
then outstanding can subsequently be satisfied by an allocation of profits to GP Ltd, such 
allocation shall result in the discharge of an equivalent amount of such loan. In no 
circumstances shall such loan be recoverable from GP Ltd except by way of allocation of 
profits against such loan in accordance with Section 7.5(a). 
7.5 
Allocation of Profits. 
(a) 
Profits in respect of each Fiscal Year shall be allocated to GP Ltd (0 first, 
in an amount equal to the General Partner's Share in respect of such Fiscal Year and (ii) 
thereafter, in an amount sufficient to satisfy the outstanding loans (if any) advanced to 
GP Ltd in respect of the General Partner's Share in accordance with Section 7.4(c) in 
respect of previous Fiscal Years. If profits shall in any Fiscal Year exceed the share 
thereof to be allocated to GP Ltd hereunder, GP Ltd shall be entitled to elect which items 
of income or gains comprising such profits shall be allocated to GP Ltd. 
(b) 
All profits, income losses, capital gains and capital losses remaining after 
the allocation of the General Partner's Share pursuant to Section 7.5(a) shall be allocated 
to the Partners in a manner consistent with the principles set out for distributions in 
Article VI. 
7.6 
Removal of the Manager. The Investment Management Agreement may 
be terminated: 
(a) 
by the General Partner following the written election of a Majority in 
Interest (excluding Affiliated Partners), at any time within 120 Business Days after a final 
determination based on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Manager 
has engaged in Removal Conduct. The General Partner shall promptly notify the Limited 
Partners of any such determination; 
(b) 
by election of the General Partner, provided that (0 the General Partner 
has notified the Limited Partners of its proposal to terminate the Investment Management 
Agreement and (ii) such termination shall only take effect on or after the date that falls 30 
days after such notification and only where a Majority in Interest (excluding Affiliated 
Partners), within such 30 day period, has not disapproved of such termination, at which 
time a replacement provider of investment management services to the General Partner 
shall be appointed with the written approval of a Majority in Interest (excluding 
Affiliated Partners); or 
(c) 
at any time, with the written consent of a Majority in Interest (excluding 
Affiliated Partners), at which time a replacement provider of investment management 
services to the General Partner shall be appointed with the written approval of a Majority 
in Interest (excluding Affiliated Partners). 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109014 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255198 
EFTA01452118

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452119.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Upon any election described in Section 7.6(a)-(c): 
(d) 
each Affiliated Partner and the Special Limited Partner shall, subject to 
compliance with Section 10.1, have the right to Transfer all or any portion of its Interest, 
including any interest in the capital or profits of the Fund and the right to receive 
distributions from the Fund to a third party, provided that for the purposes of this Section 
7.6(d) only, the consent of the Manager (or any replacement manager as applicable) shall 
be deemed to have been given in respect of such Transfer; 
(e) 
the replaced Manager and its Affiliates shall continue to be Covered 
Persons and shall continue to be entitled to indemnification hereunder pursuant to Section 
9.1, but only with respect to Damages (i) relating to Portfolio Investments made prior to 
the earlier of the date of such election or the removal of the replaced Manager or 00 
arising out of or relating to their activities during the period prior to the earlier of the date 
of such election or the removal of the replaced Manager or otherwise arising out of the 
replaced Manager's services under the Investment Management Agreement; 
(0 
where the replaced Manager is removed pursuant to Section 7.6(a), the 
Special Limited Partner shall, on and from the date of such removal, only be entitled to 
receive 50% of all distributions attributable to a Limited Partner that otherwise would 
have been distributable to it pursuant to this Agreement, with respect to Portfolio 
Investments made by the Fund on or before the date of the removal of the Manager ("Pre-
Removal Investments"), and without regard to Portfolio Investments made, or fees and 
expenses incurred thereafter that do not relate to Pre-Removal Investments, provided that 
the Fund shall at any time thereafter be entitled to reduce the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement described above to recover or set off damages (as finally determined by the 
court of competent jurisdiction that determined on the merits that the Manager had 
engaged in Removal Conduct) caused to the Fund by the Manager's Removal Conduct 
For this purpose, where the Fund has entered into a binding agreement prior to the date of 
removal of the Manager to make additional contributions or advances to a Portfolio 
Investment, such additional contributions or advances to such Portfolio Investment shall 
be treated as Pre-Removal Investments. Section 11.3 shall be applied to the Special 
Limited Partner (and all calculations thereunder shall be made) as though the only 
Portfolio Investments were the Pre-Removal Investments, with such appropriate 
adjustments as may be required to reflect the apportionment of only 50% of distributions 
to the Special Limited Partner pursuant to this Section 7.6(t). Where the Manager is 
removed pursuant to Section 7.6(b) or (c), the Special Limited Partner shall be entitled to 
100% of distributions attributable to a Limited Partner that otherwise would have been 
distributable to it pursuant to this Agreement For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this 
Section 7.6(t) shall limit the rights of the Special Limited Partner to receive distributions 
in respect of Loans advanced by it to the Fund; 
(g) 
where the replaced Manager was removed pursuant to Section 7.6(b) or 
(c), GP Ltd shall, on the date of such removal, receive an amount equal to the aggregate 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109015 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255199 
EFTA01452119

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452120.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1091 Southern Financial LLC 
General Partner's Share (including advances on account thereof) received by GP Ltd in 
the eight calendar quarters immediately preceding the replaced Manager's removal; 
(h) 
for all other purposes of this Agreement, the replacement manager of the 
Fund shall be deemed to be the "Manager" hereunder and shall be deemed to be the 
manager of the Fund without any further action, approval or vote of any Person, 
including any other Partner, upon its execution of an instrument signifying its agreement 
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement that contain rights, obligations 
or duties of the Manager, effective immediately prior to the removal of the replaced 
Manager. Where the replaced Manager was removed pursuant to Section 7.6(a), the 
replacement manager of the Fund shall be entitled to the remaining 50% share of 
distributions that would have been made to the Special Limited Partner were it not for the 
first sentence of Section 7.6(f); and 
(i) 
except in circumstances where the replacement manager of the Fund is an 
Affiliate of Deutsche Bank, on and from the date of removal of the replaced manager, 
neither any Executive Fund Partner (including the Special Limited Partner) nor any other 
Limited Partner that is an Affiliate of Deutsche Bank shall be considered to be an 
"Affiliated Partner" for the purposes of this Agreement. 
ARTICLE VIII 
BOOKS AND RECORDS; REPORTS TO PARTNERS; ETC. 
8.1 
Maintenance of Books and Records. Until the dissolution of the Fund 
pursuant to Section 11.4, the General Partner shall maintain full and accurate accounts of 
the transactions of the Fund in proper books and records of account, which shall set forth 
all information required by the Act. Such books and records shall be maintained in 
accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or International 
Financial Reporting Standards, provided that the financial statements of the Fund shall 
not be consolidated with those of the Manager or of any Portfolio Investment. The 
General Partner shall keep or cause to be kept at the principal place of business of the 
Fund (or at such other place as the General Partner shall determine and, if during the 
Term, shall advise the Limited Partners in writing) copies of such books and records 
during the Term and for a period of six years thereafter. The books and records of the 
Fund as so maintained shall be the basis for the preparation of the financial reports to be 
provided to current and former Partners pursuant to this Article VIII. Such books and 
records shall be available, upon five Business Days' notice to the General Partner, for 
inspection and copying at reasonable times during business hours by a Limited Partner or 
its duly authorised agents or representatives for any purpose reasonably related to such 
Limited Partner's Interest. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109016 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255200 
EFTA01452120

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452121.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1091 Southern Financial LLC 
8.2 
Audits and Reports. 
(a) 
Financial Reports. The books and records of account of the Fund shall be 
audited as of the end of each Fiscal Year in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles or International Financial Reporting Standards by any one of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & Young 
LLP, which is chosen by the General Partner. During the Term, the General Partner shall 
use its reasonable best efforts to prepare and mail, deliver by fax, email or other 
electronic means or otherwise make available (including by way of posting on a 
password-protected website) a financial report (audited in the case of a report sent as of 
the end of a Fiscal Year including a report from the Manager on the Fund's Portfolio 
Investments) and unaudited in the case of a report sent as of the end of a quarter) to each 
Limited Partner as soon as practicable, but in any event (i) in the case of the audited 
financial reports, within 150 days after the end of each Fiscal Year (the first annual 
audited report will be issued for the period ending 31 December 2014) and (ii) in the case 
of the unaudited financial reports, within 60 days after the end of each quarter of each 
Fiscal Year (the first unaudited report will be issued for the quarter after the end of the 
quarter in which the Initial Closing takes place). Financial reports to be delivered in 
accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) above will be based on and limited by the financial 
information provided to the General Partner from the Portfolio Investments. Financial 
reports prepared in accordance with this Section 8.2 will set forth for each quarter ending 
March 31 and December 31 such Limited Partner's closing Partner Account balance 
(including changes to such balance made during the course of the applicable Fiscal Year). 
Financial reports prepared in accordance with this Section 8.2 will set forth for each 
Fiscal Year and for each quarter ending June 30 and September 30, as applicable: 
(A) 
the assets and liabilities of the Fund as of the end of such Fiscal 
Year or quarter; 
(B) 
the net profit or net loss of the Fund for such Fiscal Year or 
quarter; 
(C) 
such Limited Partner's closing Partner Account balance (including 
changes to such balance made during the course of such Fiscal Year) and any 
information requested that is relevant to Section 6.1 as of the end of each quarter 
and such Fiscal Year; 
(D) 
an income statement and statement of cash flows of the Fund as of 
the end of such Fiscal Year; and 
(E) 
the fair market value of Portfolio Investments and amount of 
distributions made as of the end of such quarter. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109017 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255201 
EFTA01452121

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452122.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(b) 
Quarterly Reports. During the Term, the General Partner shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be prepared and mailed, delivered by fax, 
email or other electronic means or otherwise made available (including by way of posting 
on a password-protected website) to each Limited Partner, with a quarterly report 
including the financial reports described in Section 8.2(a), descriptive investment 
information for each Portfolio Investment (including an estimate of fair market value), 
Partner Account data showing changes in their Partner Accounts from the date of the 
Initial Closing and over the relevant quarter and such other information concerning the 
Fund's investments as the General Partner may determine to provide. Notwithstanding 
any obligation under this Section 8.2(b), the General Partner shall not be required to 
provide information where disclosure thereof is prohibited under a confidentiality 
agreement in respect of any Portfolio Investment 
(c) 
Other Information. In addition to a Limited Partner's rights under 
Section 8.1, during the Term, the General Partner shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to deliver by fax, email or other electronic means or otherwise make available 
(including by way of posting on a password-protected website) to a Limited Partner such 
other information as is reasonably requested by such Limited Partner for any purpose 
reasonably related to such Limited Partner's Interest to the extent that any such efforts 
shall not impose any undue cost or burden on the General Partner, the Manager or the 
Fund. 
8.3 
Annual Meeting. The General Partner shall cause the Fund to have a 
meeting of the Limited Partners once each year during the Term, beginning in the year 
after the year of Initial Closing (the "Annual Meeting"). At the Annual Meeting the 
General Partner will review the investment performance of the Fund. The Fund's 
potential investments will not be submitted for discussion and none of the Limited 
Partners shall play any role in the Fund's governance or participate in the control of the 
investment or other activities of the Fund. 
8.4 
Tax Information. 
(a) 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare 
and mail, deliver by facsimile, e-mail or other electronic means or otherwise make 
available (including by way of posting on a password-protected website) to each Limited 
Partner (and each other Person that was a Limited Partner during such Fiscal Year or its 
legal representatives) within 180 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Schedule K-1, "Partner's Share of Income, Credits, Deductions, Etc." 
(or the equivalent thereof) or any successor schedule or form prepared using estimated 
tax information and, as soon as practicable thereafter, a U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Schedule K-1, "Partner's Share of Income, Credits, Deductions, Etc." (or the equivalent 
thereof) or any successor schedule or form, for such Person. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109018 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255202 
EFTA01452122

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452123.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(b) 
The General Partner shall, upon the request and at the expense of any 
Limited Partner, use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Limited Partner 
with any information reasonably requested by the Limited Partner in order to withhold 
tax or to file tax returns and reports or to furnish tax information to any of its partners, 
provided that in determining the reasonableness of a request, the General Partner shall be 
entitled to consider the cost which would be imposed on the General Partner or the Fund 
of complying with such request 
ARTICLE IX 
INDEMNIFICATION 
9.1 
Indemnification of Covered Persons. 
(a) 
General. The Fund shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless each Covered Person from and against 
any and all claims, demands, liabilities, costs, expenses, damages, losses, suits, 
proceedings and actions, whether judicial, administrative, investigative or otherwise, of 
whatever nature, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated ("Claims") that may 
accrue to, or be incurred by, any Covered Person, or in which any Covered Person may 
become involved, as a party or otherwise, or with which any Covered Person may be 
threatened, relating to or arising out of the investment or other activities of the Fund, 
activities undertaken in good faith in connection with the Fund, or otherwise relating to 
or arising out of this Agreement, including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in 
compromise or as fines or penalties, and counsel fees and expenses incurred in 
connection with the preparation for or defence or disposition of any investigation, action, 
suit, arbitration or other proceeding (a "Proceeding") whether civil or criminal (all of 
such Claims, amounts and expenses referred to in this Section 9.1 are referred to 
collectively as "Damages"), except to the extent that it shall have been determined in a 
decision based on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction that such Damages 
arose primarily from Disabling Conduct of such Covered Person, provided that, to the 
extent that such court determines that such Damages did not arise primarily from the 
Disabling Conduct of such Covered Person but arose partially from the Disabling 
Conduct of such Covered Person, such Covered Person's right to indemnification 
hereunder shall be reduced proportionately to reflect the relative liability of such Covered 
Person for such Damages. The General Partner or the Manager shall notify the Advisory 
Committee as to the nature of any Proceedings prior to paying any amounts in connection 
with a Proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Covered Person will only be 
eligible for indemnification pursuant to this Section 9.1 for Claims relating to or arising 
out of transactions that took place during the time such Covered Person was a 
shareholder, officer, director, employee, partner, member, agent or manager of any of the 
General Partner, the Manager or any of their respective Affiliates or during the time such 
Covered Person was a member of the Advisory Committee. The termination of any 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109019 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255203 
EFTA01452123

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452124.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1091 Southern Financial LLC 
Proceeding by settlement shall not, of itself, create a presumption that any Damages 
relating to such settlement or otherwise relating to such Proceeding arose primarily from 
Disabling Conduct of any Covered Person. The General Partner or the Manager shall 
notify the Advisory Committee of any settlement that is made. For the avoidance of 
doubt, (i) Claims among the Principals or other employees of the Manager solely relating 
to or arising out of the internal affairs of the Manager shall not be considered investment 
or other activities of the Fund and shall not be covered by the indemnification provisions 
of this Section 9.1 and (ii) no Covered Person shall be liable to the Fund or any Partner 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any information furnished by such 
Covered Person or any other Covered Person regarding any Portfolio Investment where 
such information is obtained from a third party and not prepared by such Covered Person 
to the extent that such Covered Person acts in good faith and in reasonable reliance upon 
such information and that such Covered Person discloses those facts when it furnishes 
such information. 
(b) 
Expenses. etc. Reasonable expenses (including attorney's fees) incurred 
by a Covered Person in defence or settlement of any Claim that may be subject to a right 
of indemnification hereunder (other than, with respect to any Covered Person that is not 
an Advisory Committee Indemnitee, in defence of a derivative action brought by Limited 
Partners constituting at least a Majority in Interest) may be advanced, and, in the case of 
any Covered Person that is an Advisory Committee Indemnitee, shall be advanced, by the 
Fund to such Covered Person as such expenses are incurred and prior to the final 
disposition of such Claim upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such Covered 
Person to repay such amount if it shall be determined in a decision based on the merits by 
a court of competent jurisdiction that the Covered Person was not entitled to be 
indemnified hereunder. Subject to Section 9.3, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
judgments against the Fund and either or both of the General Partner or the Manager, in 
respect of which the General Partner or the Manager is entitled to indemnification, shall 
first be satisfied from Fund assets, including Loans and any payments under Section 9.2, 
before the General Partner or the Manager, as the case may be, is responsible therefor. 
(c) 
Notices of Claims, etc. Promptly after receipt by a Covered Person of 
notice of the commencement of any Proceeding, such Covered Person shall, if a claim for 
indemnification in respect thereof is to be made against the Fund, give written notice to 
the Fund of the commencement of such Proceeding, provided that the failure of any 
Covered Person to give such notice as provided herein shall not relieve the Fund of its 
obligations under this Section 9.1 except to the extent that the Fund is actually prejudiced 
by such failure to give such notice. If any such Proceeding is brought against a Covered 
Person (other than a derivative suit in right of the Fund), the Fund will be entitled to 
participate in and to assume the defence thereof to the extent that the Fund may wish, 
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Covered Person. After notice from the Fund 
to such Covered Person of the Fund's election to assume the defence of such Proceeding, 
the Fund will not be liable for expenses subsequently incurred by such Covered Person in 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109020 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255204 
EFTA01452124

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452125.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
connection with the defence thereof. The Fund will not consent to entry of any judgment 
or enter into any settlement of such Proceeding that does not include as an unconditional 
term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Covered Person of a release 
from all liability in respect to such Proceeding and the related Claim. 
(d) 
Survival of Protection. The provisions of this Section 9.1 shall continue to 
afford protection to each Covered Person regardless of whether such Covered Person 
remains in the position or capacity pursuant to which such Covered Person became 
entitled to indemnification under this Section 9.1 and regardless of any subsequent 
amendment to this Agreement, and no amendment to this Agreement shall reduce or 
restrict the extent to which these indemnification provisions apply to actions taken or 
omissions made prior to the date of such amendment. 
(e) 
Reserves. If the General Partner determines in its reasonable discretion 
and in good faith that it is appropriate or necessary to do so, the General Partner may 
cause the Fund to establish reasonable reserves, escrow accounts or similar accounts to 
fund its obligations under this Section 9.1, provided that the General Partner shall first 
consult with the Advisory Committee as to the nature of the obligations under this 
Section 9.1 for which it deems such reserves are necessary or advisable. 
(f) 
Rights Cumulative. The right of any Covered Person to the 
indemnification provided herein shall be cumulative with, and in addition to, any and all 
rights to which such Covered Person may otherwise be entitled by contract or as a matter 
of law or equity and shall extend to such Covered Person's successors, assignees, heirs 
and legal representatives. 
(g) 
General Partner Determinations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in this Section 9.1, the General Partner shall make such determinations in respect of the 
indemnification rights provided herein as shall be necessary to give effect to the intent of 
this Agreement. 
9.2 
Return of Certain Distributions to Fund Indemnification. Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner may require the Partners 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Special Limited Partner) to return distributions 
to the Fund in an amount sufficient to satisfy all or any portion of the indemnification 
and/or repayment obligations of the Fund pursuant to Section 9.1 or other liabilities of the 
Fund, whether such obligations or liabilities arise before or after the last day of the Term 
or, with respect to any Partner, before or after such Partner's withdrawal from the Fund, 
provided that each Partner shall return distributions in respect of its share of any such 
indemnification and/or repayment obligation or liability in such amounts as shall result 
(to the maximum extent practicable) in each Partner retaining cumulative distributions 
from the Fund (net of any returns of distributions under this Section 9.2 or under Section 
11.3) equal to the cumulative amount that would have been distributed to and retained by 
such Partner had the amount of Distributable Cash attributable to Portfolio Investments or 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109021 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255205 
EFTA01452125

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452126.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
Temporary Investments distributed by the Fund been reduced by the amount of such 
obligation or liability, as equitably determined by the General Partner. 
A Limited Partner's liability (other than the Special Limited Partner's liability in respect 
of distributions attributable to a Limited Partner and distributed to the Special Limited 
Partner under Sections 6.2(aXiii) and (iv)) under the first sentence of this Section 9.2 is 
limited to an amount equal to 25% of all distributions received by such Partner from the 
Fund or any Alternative Investment Vehicle. In addition to the foregoing, no Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Fund after the 18-month anniversary of the 
last day of the Term, provided that if at the end of such period there are any Proceedings 
pending or Claims outstanding, the General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners in 
writing of the general nature of such Proceedings or Claims and an estimate of the 
amount of distributions that may be required to be returned pursuant to this Section 9.2 
and the obligation of the Partners to return distributions pursuant to this Section 9.2 shall 
be extended with respect to each such Proceeding or Claim until the date such 
Proceedings or Claims are ultimately resolved and distributions are returned to the Fund 
in respect thereof pursuant to this Section 9.2. Any distributions returned pursuant to this 
Section 9.2 and equivalent provisions of the organisational documents of any Alternative 
Investment Vehicle, or any payments (other than Loans) made by the General Partner in 
respect of any Damages, shall not be treated as Loans, but shall be treated as returns of 
distributions and reductions in Distributable Cash, for all purposes of this Agreement 
other than for purposes of computing a Limited Partner's internal rate of return for 
purposes of this Agreement, which shall be computed based on actual funded 
Commitments, payment made pursuant to this Section 9.2 and distributions received. 
Nothing in this Section 9.2, express or implied, is intended or shall be construed to give 
any Person other than the Fund or the Partners any legal or equitable right, remedy or 
claim under or in respect of this Section 9.2 or any provision contained herein. 
9.3 
Other Sources of Recovery. The General Partner shall cause the Fund to 
use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the funds needed to satisfy its 
indemnification and/or repayment obligations under Section 9.1 from Persons other than 
the Partners (for example, out of Fund assets or pursuant to insurance policies or 
Portfolio Investment indemnification arrangements) before causing the Fund to make 
payments pursuant to Section 9.1 and before requiring the Partners to return distributions 
to the Fund pursuant to Section 9.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this 
Section 9.3 shall prohibit the General Partner from causing the Fund to make such 
payments or requiring the Partners to return such distributions if the General Partner 
determines in good faith that the Fund is not likely to obtain sufficient funds from such 
other sources in a timely fashion, or that attempting to obtain such funds would be futile 
or not in the best interests of the Fund (for example, nothing in this Section 9.3 shall 
require the General Partner to cause the Fund to sell any Portfolio Investment before such 
time as the General Partner shall determine is advisable). 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109022 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255206 
EFTA01452126

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452127.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
9.4 
Indemnification Attreements for Covered Persons. The General Partner is 
hereby authorised to cause the Fund to indemnify and hold harmless each Covered 
Person and any other Person in the General Partner's reasonable discretion acting 
reasonably and in good faith, in each case pursuant to a separate indemnification 
agreement, provided that the terms of any such separate indemnification agreement in 
respect of a Covered Person that is an Affiliate of Deutsche Bank are no more favourable 
to such Covered Person than the terms set out in this Agreement. It is the express 
intention of the parties hereto that the provisions of this Article IX for the indemnification 
of Covered Persons may be relied upon by such Covered Persons and may be enforced by 
such Covered Persons (or by the General Partner on behalf of any such Covered Person, 
provided that the General Partner shall not have any obligation to so act for or on behalf 
of any such Covered Person) against the Fund pursuant to this Agreement or to a separate 
indemnification agreement, as if such Covered Persons were parties hereto. 
ARTICLE X 
TRANSFERS; SUBSEQUENT CLOSING PARTNERS 
10.1 
Transfers by Partners. 
(a) 
Transfers by Limited Partners. Except as set forth in this Article X or in 
Sections 4.5(c), 5.6(b) and 5.7(c), no Limited Partner may Transfer all or any part of its 
Interest, including any interest in the capital or profits of the Fund and the right to receive 
distributions from the Fund, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the prior written 
consent of the Manager (which consent may be withheld in the Manager's sole 
discretion) and upon compliance with this Section 10.1, Transfer all or a portion of such 
Limited Partner's Interest. In the case of any attempted or purported Transfer of an 
Interest not in compliance with this Agreement, the transferring Limited Partner may be 
designated as a Defaulting Partner under Section 5.7. The consent of the Manager to any 
such Transfer by a Limited Partner will not be unreasonably withheld, provided that such 
Transfer is to (I) an Affiliate of such Limited Partner or (ii) any other Limited Partner. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless agreed to by the Manager in writing, no Limited 
Partner may enter into, create, sell or Transfer any financial instrument or contract the 
value of which is determined in whole or in part by reference to the Fund (including the 
amount of Fund distributions, the value of Fund assets, or the results of Fund operations), 
within the meaning of section 1.7704-1(aX2)(0(B) of the Treasury Regulations. 
(b) 
Conditions to Transfer. Any purported Transfer of an Interest by a 
Limited Partner pursuant to the terms of this Article X shall, in addition to requiring the 
prior written consent referred to in Section 10.1(a), be subject to the satisfaction of the 
following conditions: 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109023 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255207 
EFTA01452127

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452128.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(i) 
the Limited Partner that proposes to effect such Transfer (a 
"Transferor") or the Person to whom such Transfer is to be made (a "Transferee")
shall have paid all expenses incurred by the Fund, the General Partner or the 
Manager in connection therewith (whether or not such proposed Transfer is 
consummated); 
(ii) 
the General Partner shall have been given at least 30 Business 
Days prior written notice of the proposed Transfer; 
(iii) 
the Transferee shall be a legal person and a "professional client" 
(as such term is defined in the FCA Rules) and the Fund shall have received from 
the Transferee and, in the case of clause (C) below, from the Transferor to the 
extent specified by the General Partner, (A) such assignment agreement and other 
documents, instruments and certificates as may be reasonably requested by the 
General Partner, pursuant to which such Transferee shall have agreed to be bound 
by this Agreement, (B) a certificate or representation to the effect that the 
representations set forth in the Deed of Adherence of such Transferor are (except 
as otherwise disclosed to and consented to by the General Partner) true and 
correct with respect to such Transferee as of the date of such Transfer and 
(C) such other information, documents, opinions, instruments and certificates as 
the General Partner shall have reasonably requested; 
(iv) 
such Transfer shall not require registration under the Securities Act 
or the securities laws of any of the states of the United States of America or 
violate any provision of FSMA or any applicable non-U.S. securities laws; 
(v) 
the Transferee shall be a Person that is a "qualified purchaser" as 
such term is defined in section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act; 
(vi) 
such Transfer shall not require any of the Manager, the General 
Partner or any Affiliate of the Manager or the General Partner to register as an 
investment adviser under the Advisers Act if such Person is not already so 
registered; 
(vii) 
such Transfer shall not require the Fund to register as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act; 
(viii) such Transfer would not cause the Fund to be treated as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
(ix) 
such Transfer shall not violate either this Agreement or the laws, 
rules or regulations of any state or any governmental authority applicable to the 
Transferor, the Transferee or such Transfer; 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109024 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255208 
EFTA01452128

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452129.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
(x) 
such Transfer would not result in the assets of the Fund being 
deemed to constitute "plan assets" subject to ERISA or section 4975 of the Code; 
(xi) 
each of the Transferor and the Transferee shall have provided a 
certificate or representation to the effect that (A) the proposed Transfer will not be 
effected on or through (x) a U.S. national, regional or local securities exchange, 
(y) a non-U.S. securities exchange or (z) an interdealer quotation system that 
regularly disseminates firm buy or sell quotations by identified brokers or dealers 
and (B) it is not, and its proposed Transfer or acquisition (as the case may be) will 
not be made by, through or on behalf of, (x) a Person, such as a broker or a dealer, 
making a market in interests in the Fund or (y) a Person that makes available to 
the public bid or offer quotes with respect to interests in the Fund; 
(xii) 
(A) such Transfer will not be made on a "secondary market or the 
substantial equivalent thereof" within the meaning of section 1.7704-1 of the 
Treasury Regulations, unless (x) such Transfer is disregarded in determining 
whether interests in the Fund are readily tradable on a secondary market or the 
substantial equivalent thereof under section 1.7704-1 of the Treasury Regulations 
(other than section l.7704-1(eX1)(x) thereof) or (y) the Fund satisfies the 
requirements of section 1.7704-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations at all times 
during the taxable year of such Transfer and (B) such Transfer will not be made 
on an "established securities market" within the meaning of section 1.7704-1 of 
the Treasury Regulations; and 
(xiii) such Transfer would not result in the Fund at any time during its 
taxable year having more than 100 partners, within the meaning of 
section 1.7704-1(h)(1Xii) of the Treasury Regulations (taking into account 
section 1.7704-1(h)(3) of the Treasury Regulations). 
The Manager may in its sole discretion waive any or all of the conditions set forth in this 
Section 10.1(3), other than clauses (vii), (viii), (ix) or (xii), of the preceding sentence. 
(c) 
Substitute Partners. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement, a Transferee may be admitted to the Fund as a substitute Limited Partner (a 
"Substitute Partner") only with the consent of the Manager, which consent may be 
withheld in the Manager's sole discretion. Unless the Manager, the Transferor and the 
Transferee otherwise agree, in the event of the admission of a Transferee as a Substitute 
Partner, all references herein to the Transferor shall be deemed to apply to such 
Substitute Partner, and such Substitute Partner shall succeed to all of the rights and 
obligations of the Transferor hereunder, provided that the Transferor shall continue to 
remain subject to Sections 6.8 and 13.10. A Person shall be deemed admitted to the Fund 
as a Substitute Partner at the later of the time that (0 the foregoing conditions are satisfied 
and (it) to the extent required by the Act, notice of such Transfer is published in the 
Gazette. 
60496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109025 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255209 
EFTA01452129

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452130.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LW 
(d) 
Transfers by the General Partner and other Limited Partners that are 
Affiliates of Deutsche Bank. and Certain Transfers by the Special Limited Partner. The 
General Partner may not Transfer all or any part of its Interest, provided that, subject to 
applicable law, the General Partner may, after consultation with the Advisory Committee, 
Transfer all (but not part) of its interest to a Person with the consent of the Manager. If 
the General Partner Transfers its entire Interest pursuant to this Section 10.1(d), the 
Transferee shall, subject to fulfilment of any registration requirements required as a 
matter of English law, automatically be admitted to the Fund as a replacement general 
partner immediately prior to such Transfer without any further action, approval or vote of 
any Person, including any other Partner, upon execution of a counterpart of this 
Agreement and such Transferee shall continue the investment or other activities of the 
Fund without dissolution of the Fund, provided that no such Transfer or admission shall 
be effected until the applicable Transferee is permitted to assume the role of general 
partner as a matter of English law and an investment management agreement is entered 
into between the Manager and the Transferee on, mutatis intiiandis, the same terms and 
conditions as the Investment Management Agreement. Subject to the following sentence, 
the General Partner shall not permit the transfer of all or any part of the Special Limited 
Partner's interest in distributions attributable to another Limited Partner to any entity 
(other than an entity that is an Affiliate of Deutsche Bank) without the consent of the 
Advisory Committee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the 
Special Limited Partner or any Limited Partner that is an Affiliate of Deutsche Bank may 
Transfer all or any portion of its Interest to a Person that is (i) not an Affiliate of 
Deutsche Bank in order to comply with any legal, tax or regulatory requirement without 
the consent of the Manager, the General Partner or any Limited Partner or (ii) either (x) 
an Affiliate of Deutsche Bank or (v) a Feeder Fund that the Transferor is, or will become 
an investor in, in each case without the consent of the Manager, the General Partner or 
any Limited Partner. In respect of any such Transfer, the Transferee shall, subject to 
fulfilment of any registration requirements required as a matter of English law, be 
admitted to the Fund as a Substitute Limited Partner. 
(e) 
Transfers in Violation of Agreement Not Recognised. Unless effected in 
accordance with and as permitted by this Agreement, no attempted Transfer or 
substitution shall be recognised by the Fund, any purported Transfer or substitution not 
effected in accordance with and as permitted by this Agreement shall, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, be void and the Fund shall recognise no rights of the purported 
Transferee, including the right to receive distributions (directly or indirectly) from the 
Fund or to acquire an interest in the capital or profits of the Fund. In addition, as a result 
of such attempted Transfer, the General Partner may designate the purported Transferor a 
Defaulting Partner pursuant to Section 5.7. 
(f) 
Certain Changes in Record Ownership. A change in record ownership of 
an Interest by reason of a change in the identity of the trustee or other fiduciary of an 
ERISA Partner or Public Plan Partner, the succession of a successor trust and a change in 
50496$304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109026 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255210 
EFTA01452130

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452131.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Closing Partner to the Fund, the General Partner shall have determined that the following 
conditions have been satisfied: 
(i) 
such Subsequent Closing Partner shall have executed and delivered 
such documents, instruments, forms and certificates and shall have taken such 
actions as the General Partner shall deem necessary or desirable to effect such 
admission, including, if requested by the General Partner, the execution of a Deed 
of Adherence containing representations and warranties by the Subsequent 
Closing Partner that are substantially the same as those made by the previously 
admitted Limited Partners in the Deeds of Adherence executed at the Initial 
Closing, 
(ii) 
(A) the admission of such Subsequent Closing Partner shall not 
result in a violation of any applicable law, including FSMA, U.K. and U.S. 
federal securities laws and ERISA, or any term or condition of this Agreement 
and (B) as a result of such admission, (x) the Fund shall not be required to register 
under the Investment Company Act, (y) none of the General Partner, the Manager 
or any of their respective Affiliates that is not already registered under the 
Advisers Act shall be required to register as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act and (z) the Fund shall not become taxable as a corporation or 
association under U.S. federal income tax laws; and 
(iii) 
such Subsequent Closing Partner shall have contributed or, with 
the consent of the General Partner, unconditionally agreed to contribute to the 
Fund the amounts specified in Section 10.2(b). 
A Person shall be deemed admitted to the Fund as a Subsequent Closing Partner at the 
time that the foregoing conditions are satisfied and such Person is listed as a limited 
partner of the Fund on the Register in accordance with Section 10.2(d). 
(b) 
Payments and Adjustments Relating to Subsequent Closing Partners. On 
the Drawdown Date specified in the Drawdown Notice issued in connection with its 
admission to the Fund, each Subsequent Closing Partner shall advance to the Fund or, 
with the consent of the General Partner, unconditionally agree to advance to the Fund no 
later than the date specified by the General Partner for such advance (0 such amount in 
respect of its pro rata share of the Loans (other than in respect of General Partner's 
Share) advanced by the previously admitted Partners as shall be determined in good faith 
by the General Partner, together with an amount calculated as interest at a rate per annum 
equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% thereon (computed from the 
Drawdown Dates specified in the applicable Drawdown Notices with respect to such 
Loans until the Drawdown Date specified in such Drawdown Notice or such other date 
specified by the General Partner) (an "Additional Payment"), which amounts shall be (x) 
distributed to the previously admitted Partners or (y) if determined by the Manager to be 
appropriate, retained by the Fund and applied to pay all or any part of any Loan that is 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109028 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255212 
EFTA01452131

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452132.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
required to be advanced by such Partner pursuant to a Drawdown Notice (and to the 
extent so applied shall be deemed to have been distributed and readvanced by such 
Partner), provided that any Additional Payment payable to such Partner shall be 
distributed to such Partner and (it) such amounts in respect of the General Partner's Share 
that would have been advanced by such Subsequent Closing Partner had it been admitted 
to the Fund at the Initial Closing (without giving effect to any reduction for Incentive 
Points if such Subsequent Closing Partner is admitted to the Fund after the Initial 
Closing), together with Additional Payments thereon, which amounts shall be paid by the 
Fund to the General Partner and (iii) such amount as determined in good faith by the 
General Partner that is appropriate to take into account the repayment of Indebtedness or 
payment of any other liability (other than any Indebtedness or other liability that has been 
repaid or paid by the advance of Loans by previously admitted Partners), less, in each 
case, such amount as the General Partner determines is appropriate to take into account 
any distributions of Distributable Cash theretofore made. Amounts contributed to the 
Fund by Subsequent Closing Partners and distributed to previously admitted Partners 
shall, in accordance with section 707(a) of the Code, be treated for all purposes of this 
Agreement and for all accounting and tax reporting purposes as payments made directly 
from the Subsequent Closing Partner to the previously admitted Partners in connection 
with a sale in part of the previously admitted Partners' Interests to the Subsequent 
Closing Partners, and each Subsequent Closing Partner shall succeed to the appropriate 
portion of the Loans of the previously admitted Partners. The General Partner shall 
appropriately adjust the Partners' Capital Contributions, Loans, Remaining 
Commitments, Sharing Percentages, Partner Accounts and any other relevant items to 
give effect to the intent of the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.2. If the General 
Partner determines in its reasonable discretion and in good faith that adverse tax 
consequences could result from the application of this Section 10.2, the General Partner 
may adjust the amounts advanced by the Subsequent Closing Partners and the amounts 
distributed to one or more previously admitted Limited Partners. Additional Payments 
shall not be treated as Loans. 
(c) 
Multi-Fund Adjustments. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement, the General Partner may (1) adjust the amount and timing of the payments 
under Section I0.2(b) to take into account the closing of any Related Investment Fund, 
and any investments held by the Fund or any Related Investment Fund at the time of a 
Closing and (it) reallocate among the Fund or the Related Investment Funds any 
investments held by the Fund or Related Investment Fund at the time of a Closing at cost 
(plus Additional Payments thereon), in each case to the extent determined in the good 
faith judgment of the General Partner to be appropriate to give effect to the intent of this 
Section 10.2. After the payments, distributions, reallocations and adjustments described 
in this Section 10.2 are taken into account, each portfolio investment, to the extent 
determined in the good faith and reasonable judgment of the General Partner to be 
practicable or appropriate, shall be held by the Fund or any Related Investment Fund in 
such proportions as if the Fund and each Related Investment Fund had a single closing on 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109029 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255213 
EFTA01452132

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452133.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
the date of the Initial Closing at which all Limited Partners and limited partners of all 
Related Investment Funds were admitted. Final determinations regarding such 
reallocations shall be made by the General Partner within 90 days after the Final 
Admission Date. 
(d) 
Revision of the Register. The Register shall be revised by the General 
Partner as appropriate to show the name of each Subsequent Closing Partner and the 
amount of its Commitment 
ARTICLE XI 
DISSOLUTION AND WINDING UP OF THE FUND 
11.1 
Dissolution. There will be a dissolution of the Fund and its affairs shall be 
wound up upon the first to occur of any of the following events: 
(a) 
the expiration of the Term as provided in Section 1.5; 
(b) 
the last Business Day of the Fiscal Year following the end of the 
Investment Period in which all assets acquired or agreed to be acquired by the Fund have 
been sold or otherwise disposed of; 
(c) 
the withdrawal, removal (unless a replacement general partner is admitted 
to the Fund in accordance with Section 2.6), bankruptcy, commencement of winding up, 
insolvency or dissolution of each of GP Ltd and GP LP, or the assignment by each of GP 
Ltd and GP LP of its entire Interest (unless the transferee is admitted as a replacement 
general partner of the Fund in accordance with and pursuant to Section 10.1(d)), or the 
occurrence of any other event that causes each of GP Ltd and GP LP to cease to be a 
general partner of the Fund under the Partnership Law unless, within 90 days after the 
date of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events, 100% in Interest agree in writing to 
continue the business of the Fund and to the appointment, effective as of the date of the 
withdrawal of each of GP Ltd and GP LP, of one or more new general partners of the 
Fund, provided that the bankruptcy, commencement of winding up, insolvency or 
dissolution of either of GP Ltd and GP LP shall not cause the dissolution of the Fund or 
the termination of this Agreement; 
(d) 
the determination in good faith by the General Partner to dissolve the Fund 
because it has determined that there is a substantial likelihood that due to a change in the 
text, application or interpretation of the provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws 
(including the Securities Act, the Investment Company Act and the Advisers Act) or the 
provisions of ERISA (including the applicable DOL Regulations), or any other applicable 
statute, regulation, case law, administrative ruling or other similar authority (including 
changes that result in the Fund being taxable as a corporation or association under U.S. 
60496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109030 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255214 
EFTA01452133

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452134.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
federal income tax law), the Fund cannot operate effectively in the manner contemplated 
herein or will or does constitute "plan assets" under ERISA (including with respect to the 
Special Limited Partner's ability to receive the amounts distributable to it with respect to 
any Limited Partner pursuant to Sections 6.2 and 11.2), after the General Partner has used 
its commercially reasonable efforts to remedy the circumstances resulting in the General 
Partner's determination pursuant to this Section 11.1(d); or 
(e) 
at such time as there are no Limited Partners, unless the investment or 
other activities of the Fund are continued in accordance with the Partnership Law. 
11.2 
Winding Uri. 
(a) 
Liquidation of Assets. Upon the winding up of the Fund or the expiration 
of the Term, the General Partner (or, if dissolution of the Fund should occur by reason of 
Section 11.1(c) or the General Partner is unable to act as liquidator, a liquidating trustee 
of the Fund or other representative designated by a Majority in Interest) shall use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to liquidate all of the assets of the Fund in an orderly 
manner, provided that if in the good faith judgment of the General Partner (or such 
liquidating trustee or other representative) an asset of the Fund should not be liquidated, 
then such asset shall be distributed in accordance with Section 11.2(b), and provided 
further that the General Partner (or such liquidating trustee or other representative) shall 
attempt to liquidate sufficient assets of the Fund to satisfy in cash (or make reasonable 
provision in cash for) the debts and liabilities referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of 
Section 11.2(b). 
(b) 
Application and Distribution of Proceeds of Liquidation and Remaining 
Assets. The General Partner (or the liquidating trustee or other representative referred to 
in Section 11.2(a)) shall apply the proceeds of the liquidation referred to in 
Section 11.2(a) and any remaining Fund assets and shall distribute any such proceeds and 
assets as soon as practicable after an event causing dissolution referred to in Section 11.1 
as follows and in the following order of priority: 
(i) 
First, to (A) creditors in satisfaction of the debts and liabilities of 
the Fund, to the extent permitted by law, whether by payment thereof or the 
making of reasonable provision for payment thereof (other than any loans or 
advances that may have been made by any of the Partners to the Fund), and 
(B) the expenses of liquidation, whether by payment thereof or the making of 
reasonable provision for payment thereof and (C) the establishment of any 
reasonable reserves (which may be funded by a liquidating trust) to be established 
by the General Partner (or liquidating trustee or other representative) in amounts 
determined by it to be necessary for the payment of the Fund's expenses, 
liabilities and other obligations (whether fixed or contingent); 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109031 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255215 
EFTA01452134

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452135.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(ii) 
Second, to the Partners, if any, that made loans or advances (other 
than Loans) to the Fund in satisfaction of such loans and advances, whether by 
payment thereof or the making of reasonable provision for payment thereof; 
(iii) 
Third, subject to reserving an amount equal to the amount to be 
distributed under Section I I.2(bXiv), to the Partners in accordance with Article 
VI; and 
(iv) 
Fourth, to the Partners in repayment of their Capital Contributions, 
in proportion and to the extent of their respective Capital Contributions, provided 
that any such repayment of Capital Contributions pursuant to this Section 
11.2(b)(iv) shall not occur prior to the expiration of the obligations of each 
Partner pursuant to Section 9.2 to return distributions made to such Partner. 
If the General Partner (or liquidating trustee or other representative) has received a prior 
written notice that a distribution of Securities to be made pursuant to clause (iii) of the 
preceding sentence of this Section 11.2(10 would cause a Material Adverse Effect on any 
Limited Partner, the General Partner (or liquidating trustee or other representative) shall 
distribute such Securities to a third Person designated in such notice by the requesting 
Limited Partner. 
(c) 
Time for Liquidation, etc. A reasonable time period shall be allowed for 
the orderly winding up and liquidation of the assets of the Fund and the discharge of 
liabilities to creditors so as to enable the General Partner (or liquidating trustee or other 
representative) to seek to minimise potential losses upon such liquidation. The 
provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect during the period of 
winding up. 
11.3 
Clawback. Subject to Sections 7.5 and 9.2, if, after giving effect to all 
distributions made pursuant to Sections 6.2 and 11.2 attributable to a Limited Partner, but 
before giving effect to this Section 11.3, with respect to any Limited Partner other than a 
Defaulting Partner, the Special Limited Partner has received distributions attributable to 
such Limited Partner pursuant to Sections 6.2 and 11.2 that exceed the Target Amount, 
then the Special Limited Partner shall promptly contribute to the Fund the lesser of: 
(a) 
the amount of the excess, and 
(b) 
the amount of distributions received by the Special Limited Partner 
pursuant to Sections 6.2 and 11.2 attributable to such Limited Partner, less the sum of (0 
the maximum amount of Tax Distributions that were made or that could have been made 
to the Special Limited Partner (assuming that the Fund had sufficient Distributable Cash 
therefor), (ii) the additional liability that would have been incurred by the Special Limited 
Partner (or any Person whose tax liability is determined by reference to the income, 
profits or gains of the Special Limited Partner), based on the assumptions used in 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109032 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255216 
EFTA01452135

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452136.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1091 Southern Financial LLC 
computing Tax Distributions, if each Security distributed in kind to the Special Limited 
Partner had been sold by the Special Limited Partner immediately after distribution for its 
Value (as determined for purposes of Section 6.5) and (iii) the amount of any payment 
made by, or distributions deemed to have been distributed to, the Special Limited Partner 
pursuant to Section 6.9, in the case of each of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), relating to the 
Special Limited Partner's right to receive distributions pursuant to Sections 6.2 and 11.2 
attributable to such Limited Partner, 
and the Fund shall, subject to applicable law, distribute such amount to such Limited 
Partner. 
11.4 
Dissolution. Following the completion of the foregoing provisions of this 
Article XI, the General Partner (or the liquidator or other representative referred to in 
Section 11.2(a)) shall give such notice as is required by the Partnership Law, provided 
that the Fund will not be terminated and such notice as is required by the Partnership Law 
will not be given by the General Partner (or such liquidator or other representative) prior 
to the 18-month anniversary of the last day of the Term unless otherwise required by the 
Partnership Law. 
ARTICLE XII 
AMENDMENTS; POWER OF ATTORNEY 
12.1 
Amendments.
(a) 
General. Any modifications of or amendments to this Agreement duly 
adopted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement may be executed in accordance 
with Section 12.2. The terms and provisions of this Agreement (including any provision 
calling for the consent, approval, review or waiver of the members of the Advisory 
Committee) may be modified or amended at any time and from time to time with the 
written consent of the General Partner and a Majority in Interest, provided that the 
General Partner may, without the consent of any of the Limited Partners: 
(i) 
enter into agreements with Persons that are permitted Transferees 
of the General Partner or the Special Limited Partner pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, providing in substance that such Transferees will be bound by this 
Agreement and will become Substitute Partners; 
(ii) 
amend this Agreement as may be required to implement Transfers 
of Interests or the admission of any Substitute Partner or any Subsequent Closing 
Partner in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109033 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255217 
EFTA01452136

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452137.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(iii) 
amend this Agreement (A) to satisfy any requirements, conditions, 
guidelines or opinions contained in the Act or the laws of the United Kingdom or 
the applicable laws of any other jurisdiction, or in any guidance, guidelines, 
opinion, directive, order, ruling or regulation of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, the FCA, HM Revenue & Customs or 
any other U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. governmental agency or the FCA, or in 
any U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. statute, rule or regulation, compliance with 
which the General Partner deems to be in the best interest of the Fund, or (B) to 
change the name of the Fund; 
(iv) 
amend this Agreement as may be necessary or advisable to comply 
with the Advisers Act, the BHC Act, the FCC Rules, FSMA, the FCA Handbook, 
any anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist laws, rules, regulations, directives or 
special measures, and any other applicable laws; 
(v) 
amend this Agreement to cure any ambiguity or correct or 
supplement any provision hereof that may be incomplete or inconsistent with any 
other provision hereof, so long as such amendment under this clause (v) does not 
adversely affect the interests of the Limited Partners thereof; 
(vi) 
amend this Agreement in accordance with Sections 2.6, 4.5 and 
7.5; 
(vii) 
amend the name of the Fund to incorporate or remove the words 
"DB" or "Deutsche Bank"; 
(viii) amend this Agreement as the General Partner determines in good 
faith to be advisable in connection with legal, tax, regulatory, accounting or other 
similar issues affecting one or more of the Partners or the Manager, so long as 
such amendment does not materially and adversely affect the Limited Partners; 
and 
(ix) 
amend this Agreement as may be necessary to make any 
amendments to this Agreement negotiated with Subsequent Closing Partners in 
connection with their admission to the Fund as Limited Partners, so long as such 
amendment under this clause (ix) does not adversely affect the interests of the 
Limited Partners. 
(b) 
Certain Amendments Reouirint Special Consent. Notwithstanding the 
provisions of Section 12.1(a), no modification of or amendment to this Agreement shall 
be made that will: 
(i) 
change the definition of "BHC Partner" or modify or amend 
Section 3.5 or this Section 12.1(b)(i) in a manner adverse to the BHC Partners 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109034 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255218 
EFTA01452137

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452138.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
without the written consent of non-defaulting BHC Partners having Commitments 
aggregating in excess of 66%% of the Commitments of all non-defaulting BHC 
Partners; 
(ii) 
change the definition of "ERISA Partner" or modify or amend 
Section 4.3 or this Section 12.1(b)(ii) or the ERISA-related provisions of Section 
3.4, in each case in a manner adverse to the ERISA Partners concerned solely 
with ERISA matters, without the written consent of non-defaulting ERISA 
Partners having Commitments aggregating in excess of 6634% of the 
Commitments of all non-defaulting ERISA Partners; 
(iii) 
change the definition of "Public Plan Partner" or modify or amend 
the Public Plan Partner-related provisions of Sections 3.4 or 4.3 or this 
Section 12.1(bXiii), in each case in a manner adverse to the Public Plan Partners, 
without the written consent of non-defaulting Public Plan Partners having 
Commitments aggregating in excess of 66%% of the Commitments of all non-
defaulting Public Plan Partners; 
(iv) 
modify or amend the provisions of Article VI in a manner that 
would alter the amount or timing of distributions or the allocations of items of 
income, gain, loss and deduction, or the provisions of Section 7.5 or 11.3, in each 
case without the written consent of in excess of 6634% in Interest; 
(v) 
materially and adversely affect the rights of a Limited Partner in a 
manner that discriminates against such Limited Partner vis-à-vis the other Limited 
Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited Partner without the written 
consent of such Limited Partner; 
(vi) 
modify or amend the requirement in any provision of this 
Agreement calling for the consent, vote or approval of a Majority in Interest or 
other specified percentage in Interest of the Limited Partners, without the written 
consent of such Majority in Interest or such other specified percentage in Interest, 
as the case may be, of the Limited Partners (excluding, only if applicable, 
Affiliated Partners); or 
(vii) 
except as otherwise provided in clauses (i) and (ii) of this 
Section 12.1(b), change the provisions of this Section 12.1 without the consent of 
at least 90% in Interest. 
(c) 
Notices of Amendments. Within a reasonable period of time after the 
adoption of any material amendment in accordance with this Section 12.1 the General 
Partner shall send to each Limited Partner a copy of such amendment or a written notice 
describing such amendment. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109035 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255219 
EFTA01452138

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452139.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(d) 
No Imoact on Side Letters, Etc. The provisions of this Section 12.1 do not 
apply to rights established under, or alterations or supplements to the terms hereof made 
pursuant to, side letters or other written agreements entered into in accordance with 
Section 13.13. 
(e) 
Execution of Amendments. Upon obtaining such approvals as are 
required by this Agreement and without further action or execution by any other Person, 
including any Limited Partner, any amendment to this Agreement may be included in a 
revised version of this Agreement by a deed executed solely by the General Partner (or 
the Manager as the case may be). 
12.2 
Power of Attorney. Each Limited Partner does hereby irrevocably 
constitute and appoint GP Ltd and the Manager, or the successor thereof as general 
partner or manager, as the case may be, of the Fund and their respective officers, with full 
power of delegation and/or substitution (so that GP Ltd and/or the Manager may appoint 
a delegate to act as an additional attorney of such Limited Partner), the true and lawful 
attorney and agent of such Partner, to execute, acknowledge, verify, swear to, deliver, 
record and file, acquire or obtain, in its or its assignee's name, place and stead, all 
instruments, documents, forms, certificates and identification or reference numbers that 
may from time to time be reasonably required by the laws of any part of the United 
Kingdom, the United States of America, any other jurisdiction in which the Fund 
conducts or plans to conduct business, or any political subdivision or agency thereof, to 
effectuate, implement and continue the valid existence and investment and other activities 
of the Fund, including the power and authority to execute, verify, swear to, acknowledge, 
deliver, record and file: 
(a) 
all forms, applications, certificates and other instruments, including any 
amendments to this Agreement, that GP Ltd reasonably determines to be appropriate to 
(i) form, qualify or continue the Fund as a limited partnership in England and Wales and 
protect the limited liability of the Limited Partners in all jurisdictions in which the Fund 
conducts or plans to conduct business, (ii) admit such Partner as a Limited Partner and 
(iii) obtain any necessary identification or reference numbers needed to enable the Fund 
to make such filings as are desirable or required by law or by any regulatory or tax 
authority; 
(b) 
all instruments that GP Ltd reasonably determines to be appropriate to 
reflect any amendment to this Agreement (I) to satisfy any requirements, conditions, 
guidelines or opinions contained in the Act or the laws of any part of the United Kingdom 
or in any opinion, directive, order, ruling or regulation of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. 
governmental agency, the FCA, or in any U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. statute, rule or 
regulation compliance with which GP Ltd deems to be in the best interest of the Fund, 
(ii) to change the name of the Fund or (iii) to cure any ambiguity or correct or supplement 
any provision hereof that may be incomplete or inconsistent with any other provision 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109036 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255220 
EFTA01452139

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452140.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
herein contained or to correct any printing, clerical or typographical error or omission so 
long as such amendment under this clause (iii) does not adversely affect the interests of 
the Limited Partners; 
(c) 
all instruments that GP Ltd reasonably determines to be appropriate in 
connection with the formation or operation of any Parallel Fund or Alternative 
Investment Vehicle and the Transfer of a Limited Partner's Interest to any such Parallel 
Fund or Alternative Investment Vehicle, including the admission of such Limited Partner 
to any such Parallel Fund or Alternative Investment Vehicle following receiving such 
Limited Partner's prior written consent; 
(d) 
all conveyances, notices and other instruments that GP Ltd determines to 
be appropriate to reflect and effect the dissolution, winding up and termination of the 
Fund in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
(e) 
all instruments relating to (0 Transfers of Interests or the admission of 
Substitute Partners or Subsequent Closing Partners, (ii) the treatment of a Defaulting 
Partner or an Excused Partner or (iii) any change in the Commitment of any Limited 
Partner, all in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 
(f) 
all amendments to this Agreement duly approved and adopted in 
accordance with this Agreement; 
(g) 
certificates of business or assumed name and such other forms, certificates 
and instruments as may be necessary under the fictitious or assumed name statutes from 
time to time in effect in the United Kingdom, the Cayman Islands and in all jurisdictions 
in which the Fund conducts or plans to conduct investment or other activities; 
(h) 
all instruments that GP Ltd determines to be appropriate in connection 
with forming and operating an investment vehicle and the Transfer of a Limited Partner's 
Interest to such investment vehicle, including the admission of such Limited Partner to 
such investment vehicle, all as contemplated by Section 10.1(g) hereof and by section 
5.11 of the Deed of Adherence; 
(i) 
all instruments that GP Ltd determines to be appropriate in connection 
with any Indebtedness incurred by the Fund; and 
(j) 
any other instruments reasonably determined by GP Ltd to be necessary or 
appropriate in connection with the proper conduct of the investment or other activities of 
the Fund and that do not adversely affect the interests of the Limited Partners. 
Such attorney and agent shall not, however, have the right, power or authority to amend 
or modify this Agreement, when acting in such capacities, except to the extent authorised 
herein. Each Limited Partner hereby agrees not to revoke this power of attorney. This 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109037 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255221 
EFTA01452140

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452141.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
power of attorney shall not be affected by the subsequent disability or incompetence of 
any Limited Partner. This power of attorney shall survive and not be affected by the 
dissolution, bankruptcy or legal disability of any Limited Partner and shall extend to such 
Limited Partner's successors and assignees. The power of attorney granted hereby is 
intended to secure an interest in property and, in addition, the obligations of each relevant 
Limited Partner under this Agreement, and shall be irrevocable. Any attempted 
revocation by a Limited Partner of any power of attorney granted under this Agreement 
shall constitute a default by such Limited Partner hereunder and the Fund shall be entitled 
to any right or remedy provided by law or equity in respect of such default, including the 
recovery from such Limited Partner of all costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) 
incurred by or on behalf of the Fund as a result of such default, and the institution of an 
action for specific performance of such Limited Partner's obligations hereunder (it being 
understood that a remedy at law may be inadequate in respect of such default). This 
power of attorney may be exercised by such attorney and agent for all Limited Partners 
(or any of them) by a single signature of GP Ltd acting as attorney with or without listing 
all of the Limited Partners executing an instrument. Any Person dealing with the Fund 
may conclusively presume and rely upon the fact that any instrument referred to above, 
executed by such attorney and agent, is authorised and binding, without further inquiry. 
If required, each Limited Partner shall execute and deliver to GP Ltd, within five 
Business Days after receipt of a request therefor, such further designations, powers of 
attorney or other instruments as GP Ltd shall determine to be necessary for the purposes 
hereof consistent with the provisions of this Agreement. 
ARTICLE XIII 
MISCELLANEOUS 
13.1 
Notices. Each notice relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be delivered (a) in person, by registered or certified mail or by private courier or 
(b) by fax, email or other electronic means, with such confirmation as the General Partner 
deems appropriate under the circumstances. All notices to any Limited Partner shall be 
delivered to such Limited Partner at its last known address as set forth in the records of 
the Fund. Notices in respect of Proceedings shall be delivered to Head of Legal, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch do Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and all other notices to the General Partner shall be 
delivered to the General Partner at the principal place of business of the Fund, being as of 
the date hereof Deutsche Bank (Cayman) Limited, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, 171 
Elgin Avenue, PO Box 1984, Grand Cayman, KY1 1104, Cayman Islands, Attention: 
The Directors, with a copy to the Manager at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom. Attention Charles F. Smith and Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli. Any Limited Partner may designate a new address for notices by giving 
written notice to that effect to the General Partner. The General Partner may designate a 
60496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109038 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255222 
EFTA01452141

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452142.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
new address for notices by giving written notice to that effect to each of the Limited 
Partners. Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, a notice given in 
accordance with the foregoing clause (a) shall be deemed to have been effectively given 
three Business Days after such notice is mailed by registered or certified first class mail, 
return receipt requested, and one Business Day after such notice is sent by Federal 
Express or other one-day service provider, to the proper address, or at the time delivered 
when delivered in person or by private courier. Any notice to the General Partner or to a 
Limited Partner by fax, email or other electronic means shall be deemed to have been 
effectively given when sent and confirmed in such manner as the General Partner deems 
appropriate under the circumstances. 
13.2 
Interpretation. In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears: 
(a) 
words in the singular include the plural and words in the plural include the 
singular; 
(b) 
references herein to any statute, statutory instrument, governmental 
regulation or EU Directive shall be deemed to include any modification, amendment, 
extension or re-enactment thereof; 
(c) 
references to "include" or "including" (or any similar term) are not to be 
construed as implying any limitation and general words shall not be given a restrictive 
meaning by reason of the fact that they are followed by specific examples that are 
intended to be embraced by the general words and shall not be construed as, nor take 
effect as, limiting the generality of any earlier words; 
(d) 
references in this Agreement to any agreement or document (including this 
Agreement) shall be deemed to include references to such agreement or document as 
varied, amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; and 
(e) 
references to any English legal term or legal concept shall in respect of 
any jurisdiction other than England and Wales be deemed to include that which most 
approximates in that jurisdiction to such English legal term or legal concept. 
13.3 
Table of Contents and Headings. The table of contents and the headings 
of the articles, sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience of 
reference only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof or affect the 
interpretation hereof. 
13.4 
Successors and Assignees. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of 
the Partners, the Initial Limited Partner and the Covered Persons, and shall be binding 
upon the parties, and, subject to Section 10.1, their respective successors, permitted 
assignees and, in the case of individual Covered Persons, heirs and legal representatives. 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109039 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255223 
EFTA01452142

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452143.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
13.5 
Severability. Every term and provision of this Agreement is intended to 
be severable. If any term or provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or 
unenforceable by any judicial or competent authority, all other terms and provisions of 
this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not in any way be impaired. 
Furthermore, if any term or provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or 
unenforceable (or would be so held if it were not for this Section 13.5), but would be 
valid or enforceable if some part of parts of the term or provision were deleted, the term 
or provision in question shall apply with the minimum modifications necessary to make it 
valid and enforceable. 
13.6 
Further Actions. Each Limited Partner shall execute and deliver such 
other certificates, forms, agreements and documents, and take such other actions, as may 
reasonably be requested by the General Partner in connection with the formation of the 
Fund and the achievement of its purposes or to give effect to the provisions of this 
Agreement, in each case as are not inconsistent with the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement, including any documents that the General Partner determines to be necessary 
or appropriate to form, qualify or continue the Fund as a limited partnership in all 
jurisdictions in which the Fund conducts or plans to conduct its investment and other 
activities and all such agreements, certificates, forms, tax statements and other documents 
as may be required to be filed by or on behalf of the Fund. 
13.7 
Determinations of the Partners. To the fullest extent permitted by law and 
notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or in any other agreement 
contemplated herein or applicable provisions of law or equity or otherwise, whenever in 
this Agreement a Partner is permitted or required to make a decision (a) in its "sole 
discretion" or "discretion" or under a grant of similar authority or latitude, such Partner 
shall be entitled to consider only such interests and factors as it desires, including its own 
interests, and shall have no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of 
or factors affecting the Fund or any other Person, or (b) in its "good faith" or under 
another express standard, such Partner shall act under such express standard and shall not 
be subject to any other or different standard. If any questions should arise with respect to 
the operation of the Fund that are not specifically provided for in this Agreement or the 
Partnership Law, or with respect to the interpretation of this Agreement, the General 
Partner is hereby authorised to make a final determination with respect to any such 
question and to interpret this Agreement in good faith, and its determination and 
interpretation so made shall be final and binding on all parties. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, including the preceding provisions of this Section 
13.7, the Partners shall comply with the implied contractual covenant of good faith. To 
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the parties hereto acknowledge that the 
terms of this Agreement are the result of negotiations, and therefore agree that this 
Agreement shall be construed without regard to, or aid of, any canon or rule requiring 
construction against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted. 
100 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109040 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255224 
EFTA01452143

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452144.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
13.8 
Non-Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to have 
been waived unless such waiver is given in writing, and no such waiver shall be deemed 
to be a waiver of any other or further obligation or liability of the party or parties in 
whose favour such waiver was given. 
13.9 
Applicable Law and Submission to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the 
rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of England and Wales applicable to agreements 
made and to be performed wholly within that jurisdiction, except that the concept of 
"gross negligence" shall be understood and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Delaware in the United States of America. Unless the General Partner or the 
Manager otherwise agree in writing, any legal action or proceeding with respect to this 
Agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) may be brought in the courts of 
England and Wales, and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Partner 
hereby irrevocably accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and 
unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Unless the 
General Partner or the Manager otherwise agrees in writing, each Partner hereby further 
irrevocably waives any claim that any such courts lack personal jurisdiction over it, and 
agrees not to plead or claim, in any legal action proceeding with respect to this 
Agreement in any of the aforementioned courts, that such courts lack personal 
jurisdiction over it. 
13.10 Confidentiality.
(a) 
General. Each Limited Partner shall keep, and shall cause the member of 
the Advisory Committee that was nominated by such Limited Partner to keep, 
confidential and shall not disclose without the prior written consent of the General 
Partner any information with respect to the Fund, any Related Investment Fund, any 
Portfolio Investment, proposed Portfolio Investment or any Affiliate of any Portfolio 
Investment or proposed Portfolio Investment, provided that a Limited Partner may 
disclose any such information (i) as has become generally available to the public other 
than as a result of the breach of this Section 13.10 by such Limited Partner or any agent 
or Affiliate of such Limited Partner, (it) as may be required to be included in any report, 
statement or testimony required to be submitted to any municipal, state or national 
regulatory body having jurisdiction over such Limited Partner, (iii) as may be required in 
response to any summons or subpoena or in connection with any litigation, (iv) to the 
extent necessary to comply with any law, order, regulation or ruling applicable to such 
Limited Partner, (v) to its employees, directors and professional advisors (including such 
Limited Partner's auditors and counsel and, for an ERISA Partner, to such Persons as are 
necessary for the proper administration of the relevant ERISA plan or are entitled to 
receive such information under section 101(k) of ERISA), provided that such Persons are 
advised of the confidentiality obligations contained herein and, in the case of a disclosure 
pursuant to section 101(k) of ERISA, such information is not proprietary information, as 
101 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109041 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255225 
EFTA01452144

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452145.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
determined by the General Partner following a request by an ERISA Partner and 
consultation between such ERISA Partner and the General Partner, (vi) as may be 
required in connection with an audit by any taxing authority, (vi:) to its investors, limited 
partners or shareholders, but only to the extent required under its limited partnership 
agreement, shareholders' agreement or other operative documents or in accordance with 
its ordinary commercial practice and only with respect to the identity of the Fund and the 
identity of Portfolio Investments, the amounts of and reasons for Drawdowns and 
Distributable Cash and changes in the Value of Portfolio Investments (including a brief 
explanation of such changes) and (vii:) to its investors, bona fide prospective investors, 
limited partners or shareholders as the General Partner shall either have generally agreed 
may be provided or shall, in any specific instance, have agreed may be so provided, 
provided that, in respect of the disclosure described in clauses (ii) — (iv), such Limited 
Partner shall notify, to the extent permitted by law, the General Partner prior to such 
disclosure. The foregoing shall not limit the disclosure of the tax treatment or tax 
structure of the Fund (or any transactions undertaken by the Fund). As used in this 
Section 13.10, the term "tax treatment" refers to the purported or claimed U.S. federal 
income tax treatment and the term "tax structure" refers to any fact that may be relevant 
to understanding the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment, provided 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, (A) except to the extent otherwise established in 
published guidance by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, tax treatment and tax structure 
shall not include the name of or contact information for, or any other similar identifying 
information regarding the Fund, any Related Investment Fund or any of their investments 
(including the names of any employees or affiliates thereof) and (B) nothing in this 
Section 13.10 shall limit the ability of a Limited Partner to make any disclosure to such 
Limited Partner's tax advisors or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. In the event that a 
Limited Partner (or anyone to whom such Limited Partner has transmitted such 
information) becomes legally required (or reasonably determines that it is legally 
required) to disclose any such information, such Limited Partner shall promptly notify the 
General Partner in writing of such requirement prior to any such disclosure so that the 
General Partner, the Manager and/or the Fund may seek a protective order or other 
appropriate remedy. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not 
obtained, or that the General Partner waives compliance with the provisions of this 
Section 13.10, such Limited Partner may disclose such information as it is legally 
required to disclose (or that it reasonably determines it is legally required to disclose), 
and such Limited Partner agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain assurance that 
confidential treatment will be accorded the information so disclosed. Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner or Manager shall have the 
right to keep confidential from Limited Partners for such period of time as the General 
Partner or Manager determines is reasonable (x) any information that the General Partner 
or Manager reasonably believes to be in the nature of trade secrets and (y) any other 
information (I) the disclosure of which the General Partner or Manager believes is not in 
the best interest of the Fund or any Related Investment Fund or could damage the Fund or 
its investments or (2) that the Fund, or any Related Investment Fund, the General Partner, 
102 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109042 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255226 
EFTA01452145

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452146.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP 111 - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
the Manager or any of their Affiliates, or the officers, employees or directors of any of 
the foregoing, is required by law or by agreement with a third Person to keep 
confidential. For the avoidance of doubt, the General Partner or Manager may disclose 
any information concerning the Fund or the Limited Partners necessary to comply with 
applicable laws and regulations, including any anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist 
laws or regulations, and each Limited Partner shall provide the General Partner or 
Manager, promptly upon request, with all information that the General Partner or 
Manager reasonably deems necessary to comply with such laws and regulations. 
(b) 
Public Plan Partners. Notwithstanding the restrictions on disclosure set 
forth in Section 13.10(a), a Public Plan Partner that is subject to public disclosure laws, 
statutes, regulations or policies shall be permitted to disclose any information regarding 
the Fund that such Limited Partner has identified to the General Partner in writing as 
information that such Limited Partner is required to disclose, or otherwise routinely 
discloses, but only if and to the extent that the General Partner has previously consented 
in writing to the disclosure of such other information. In the event that any such Public 
Plan Partner is required to disclose information in addition to, or that differs from, that 
which the General Partner agreed, pursuant to the preceding sentence, may be disclosed, 
the provisions of Section 13.10(a) shall apply. In connection with any disclosure of 
information concerning the valuation of such Public Plan Partner's Interest or any 
performance data regarding the Fund, such Public Plan Partner shall provide a 
representation to the effect that such data (t) does not necessarily accurately reflect the 
current or expected future performance of the Fund or the fair value of its Interest, 
(ii) should not be used to compare returns among multiple private equity funds and 
(iii) has not been calculated, reviewed, verified or in any way sanctioned or approved by 
the General Partner or the Manager. In the event that a Public Plan Partner (or anyone to 
whom such Public Plan Partner has transmitted such information) becomes legally 
required (or reasonably determines that it is legally required) to disclose any such 
information, such Public Plan Partner shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
promptly notify the General Partner in writing of such requirement prior to any such 
disclosure so that the General Partner, the Manager and the Fund may seek a protective 
order or other appropriate remedy. In the event that such protective order or other 
remedy is not obtained, or the General Partner waives compliance with the provisions of 
Section 13.10(a), such Public Plan Partner may disclose only such information as it is 
legally required to disclose (or that it reasonably determines it is legally required to 
disclose), and such Public Plan Partner agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain 
assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the information so disclosed. 
13.11 Survival of Certain Provisions. The obligations of each Partner pursuant 
to Section 6.8, Section 6.9, this Section 13.11 and Article IX and the obligations of the 
Special Limited Partner pursuant to Section 11.3 shall survive the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement and the dissolution, winding up and termination of the 
Fund. 
103 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109043 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255227 
EFTA01452146

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452147.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
13.12 Waiver of Partition. Except as may otherwise be provided by law in 
connection with the dissolution, winding up and liquidation of the Fund, each Partner 
hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have to maintain an action 
(whether in law or equity) for partition with respect to all or any of the Fund's property. 
13.13 Entire Agreement; Most  Fas oared Nations Provision. 
(a) 
This Agreement and the Deeds of Adherence constitute the entire 
agreement among the Partners and between the Partners and the Initial Limited Partner 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any prior agreement or 
understanding among them with respect to such subject matter. The representations and 
warranties of the Fund and the Limited Partners in, and the other provisions of, the Deeds 
of Adherence shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding Section 12.1 or any other provision of this Agreement or any provision 
of any Deed of Adherence, in addition to this Agreement and the Deeds of Adherence, 
the Limited Partners hereby acknowledge and agree that the General Partner or the 
Manager, on its or their own behalf or on behalf of the Fund, may at any time enter into 
side letters or other written agreements to or with any Limited Partner (or investor in a 
Feeder Fund or a Parallel Fund (including its feeder funds)) without the consent, act, 
approval or vote of any Person, including any other Limited Partner, that have the effect 
of establishing rights under, or altering or supplementing the terms of, this Agreement 
and any Deed of Adherence or the corresponding constitutional or subscription document 
of any Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (including its feeder funds) (each such side letter or 
other written agreement, other than any side letter or other written agreement entered into 
with an Executive Fund Partner a "Side Letter"). The Limited Partners hereby further 
agree that the terms of any such Side Letter shall govern with respect to such Limited 
Partner (or investor in a Feeder Fund or a Parallel Fund (including its feeder funds)) 
notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement or any of the Deeds of Adherence, but 
not with respect to any of such Limited Partner's or such investor's assignees or 
transferees, unless otherwise agreed by the Manager. The General Partner shall provide 
to the Limited Partners a compendium of the operative terms of all such Side Letters 
entered into on or before the Final Admission Date no later than 30 days after the Final 
Admission Date, and shall promptly deliver to the Limited Partners a compendium of the 
operative provisions of any Side Letter entered into after the Final Admission Date. 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Fund, or any Affiliate of the General 
Partner or the Manager has entered into or agreed to enter into, or will enter into, any 
Side Letter except as disclosed, including disclosure by way of a compendium of the 
operative provisions, to the Limited Partners in writing (which may be by electronic 
transmission) within 30 days after the Final Admission Date. 
(b) 
Subject to Sections 13.13(d) and 13.13(e), with respect to each Limited 
Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) (an "Eligible Investor"), if any Side Letter has the 
effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefitting any other Limited Partner (or 
104 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109044 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255228 
EFTA01452147

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452148.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
investor in a Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (including its feeder funds)) (the "Additional 
Rights") in a manner more favourable in any material respect to such Limited Partner or 
investor than the rights and benefits established in favour of such Eligible Investor by this 
Agreement and any existing Side Letter in respect of such Eligible Investor, and such 
Eligible Investor has an Election Commitment equal to or greater than the Election 
Commitment of such Limited Partner or investor, such Eligible Investor shall be entitled 
to elect to receive the benefits of some or all such Additional Rights. 
(c) 
Subject to Sections 13.13(d) and 13.13(e), with respect to each Feeder 
Fund, if any Side Letter has the effect of establishing Additional Rights benefitting any 
other Limited Partner (or investor in a Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (including its feeder 
funds)) in a manner more favourable in any material respect to such Limited Partner or 
investor than the rights and benefits established in favour of such Feeder Fund by this 
Agreement and any existing Side Letter in respect of such Feeder Fund, such Feeder 
Fund shall be entitled to elect to receive the benefits of some or all such Additional 
Rights for the benefit of any investor in such Feeder Fund (a "Feeder Fund Investor") if 
such Feeder Fund Investor has an Election Commitment equal to or greater than the 
Election Commitment of such other Limited Partner or investor. The General Partner 
shall have full authority to interpret in good faith the provisions of this Section 13.13 to 
give effect to the intent of this Section 13.13(c). 
(d) 
The rights of each Eligible Investor provided in Section 13.13(b) and the 
rights of each Feeder Fund provided in Section 13.13(c) shall not apply unless, in each 
case, (A) such Eligible Investor or Feeder Fund has advised the General Partner in writing 
(which can be by electronic transmission) of its election to receive (in the case of a 
Feeder Fund, for the benefit of the applicable Feeder Fund Investor) such benefits within 
days of receipt of notice of any Additional Rights capable of being elected by such 
Eligible Investor or Feeder Fund and (B) such Additional Rights can be fairly and 
reasonably applied to such Eligible Investor or Feeder Fund Investor. 
(e) 
No Eligible Investor or Feeder Fund shall be entitled to elect to receive 
any Additional Right that relates to (i) compliance with legal, tax or regulatory 
requirements that do not apply to such Eligible Investor or the applicable Feeder Fund 
Investor (as applicable), (ii) the right of any Limited Partner or investor in any Feeder 
Fund or any Parallel Fund (including its feeder funds) to nominate one or more members 
of the Advisory Committee, (iii) any agreement with respect to the manner in which a 
Limited Partner or investor in any Feeder Fund or any Parallel Fund (including its feeder 
funds) shall be provided notice, (iv) any consent to, or rights with respect to, the Transfer 
of any Interest, (v) any agreement with respect to the circumstances in which any Limited 
Partner or investor in any Feeder Fund or any Parallel Fund (including its feeder funds) 
will be excused from advancing a Loan (or a loan, capital contribution or similar 
contribution or advance to such Feeder Fund, Parallel Fund or feeder fund) or (vi) any 
agreement with respect to the ability of a Limited Partner or investor in any Feeder Fund 
105 
6049e304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109045 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255229 
EFTA01452148

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452149.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
or any Parallel Fund (including its feeder funds) to disclose or refrain from disclosing 
certain confidential information as a result of the legal, tax, regulatory or other status of 
such Limited Partner or investor or one or more of its beneficial owners. 
13.14 VAT. All amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement shall unless 
otherwise stated be exclusive of any VAT thereon, and the Fund shall be responsible for 
any VAT that may be payable including any VAT on any fee payable to the Manager in 
accordance with the Investment Management Agreement. If the General Partner is liable 
to pay any VAT by reason of its being treated as making taxable supplies pursuant to this 
Agreement, it shall be entitled to be indemnified out of Available Assets in respect of 
such liability. 
13.15 No Third Party Beneficiaries. The provisions of this Agreement, 
including Section 5.4, are intended solely to benefit the Partners and confer rights 
pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 on the Covered Persons and, 
except as contemplated by Section 4.1(d), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, shall not be construed as conferring any benefit or right upon any other Person 
(including, without limitation, any creditor of the Fund) and no such other Person shall be 
a third party beneficiary of this Agreement or have any rights under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the 
generality of the foregoing and except with respect to security and other arrangements 
contemplated by Section 4.1(d) to which the General Partner has consented, no Partner 
nor any Covered Person shall have any duty or obligation to any creditor of the Fund to 
make any advances to the Fund pursuant to Section 5.4 or any other provision of this 
Agreement or to cause the General Partner to deliver to any Partner a Drawdown Notice. 
No Covered Person shall be entitled to transfer or assign any right to enforce a term under 
this Agreement and their consent shall not be required for any amendments to this 
Agreement unless such amendment extinguishes or adversely affects or alters the rights 
hereunder. 
13.16 Set-off Where any Limited Partner owes any amount or has incurred any 
liability to the Fund or the General Partner under this Agreement, and whether such 
liability is liquidated or unliquidated, the General Partner or the Manager shall be entitled 
to set-off the amount of such liability against any sum or sums that would otherwise be 
due to such Limited Partner under this Agreement. Any exercise by the General Partner 
of the right of set-off under this clause shall be without prejudice to any other rights or 
remedies available to the Manager, General Partner or the Fund under this Agreement or 
otherwise. 
13.17 Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner, in its own name and on behalf of the Fund, shall be authorised without the 
consent of any Person, including any other Partner, to take such action as it determines in 
its sole discretion to be necessary or advisable to comply with any anti-money laundering 
106 
504964304v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109046 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255230 
EFTA01452149

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452150.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1091 Southern Financial LLC 
or anti-terrorist laws, rules, regulations, directives or special measures, including the 
actions contemplated by the Deeds of Adherence. 
13.18 Non-Recognition of Trust Arrangements. The General Partner shall treat 
those Limited Partners registered as limited partners of the Fund on the Register as the 
Limited Partners under this Agreement and shall not (other than as agreed otherwise 
herein) recognise the beneficiaries of any trust arrangement or other arrangement under 
which any such Limited Partner may hold its Interest as having any rights in relation to 
the Fund or under this Agreement whether or not such arrangement shall have been 
notified to it. 
13.19 Counsel. Each Limited Partner hereby acknowledges and agrees that 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP and any other law firm retained by the General Partner and 
the Manager in connection with the organisation of the Fund, the offering of Interests, the 
management and operation of the Fund, or any dispute between the General Partner and 
any Limited Partner, is acting as counsel to the General Partner and as such, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, does not represent or owe any duty to such Limited Partner or to 
the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. Each Limited Partner 
further acknowledges that Debevoise & Plimpton LLP shall, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, owe no direct duties to such Limited Partner. In the event that any 
dispute or controversy arises between any Limited Partner and the Fund, or between any 
Limited Partner and the General Partner, the Manager and/or any of their Affiliates that 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP represents, then each Limited Partner agrees that Debevoise 
& Plimpton LLP may represent the Fund, the General Partner, the Manager and/or their 
Affiliates in any such dispute or controversy to the extent permitted by the New York 
Lawyer's Code of Professional Responsibility or similar rules in any other jurisdiction, 
and each Limited Partner hereby consents to such representation. 
13.20 Currency. The term "dollar" and the symbol "$", wherever used in this 
Agreement, shall mean the U.S. dollar. 
13.21 Deed. It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that this 
Agreement be executed as a deed. 
13.22 Counterparts- Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any 
number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken 
together shall constitute a single agreement. Any signature on the signature page of this 
Agreement may be an original or a fax or electronically transmitted signature. 
13.23 Agent for Service. Unless otherwise agreed by the General Partner, each 
of the Limited Partners not resident in the United Kingdom shall, by signing a Deed of 
Adherence and unless otherwise provided in such Limited Partner's Deed of Adherence, 
be treated as having appointed the Manager as its agent for the service of process in 
England and Wales for any matter or dispute arising out of or in connection with this 
107 
50496904v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109047 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255231 
EFTA01452150

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452151.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial LLC 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed and delivered this 
Agreement as a deed on the day and year first written above as follows:-
GENERAL PARTNER: 
Executed and delivered as a deed by 
LEONARDO SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND III (GP) LIMITED 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Executed and delivered as a deed by 
LEONARDO SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND III (ALTERNATE GP), LP 
By: LEONARDO SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND HI (ALTERNATE GP 
OF GP), LP, its general partner 
By: LEONARDO SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III (GP) LIMITED 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
109 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109049 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255233 
EFTA01452151

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452152.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
110 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109050 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255234 
EFTA01452152

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452153.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1081 Southern Financial LIS 
LIMITED PARTNERS: 
Executed and delivered as a deed by DEUTSCHE 
ALTERNATIVE ASSET MANAGEMENT 
(GLOBAL) LIMITED as attorney for each of the Limited 
Partners (other than the Special Limited Partner) 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
12 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109052 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255236 
EFTA01452153

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452154.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOP III -1091 Southern Financial LLC 
The undersigned is hereby executing and delivering this Agreement solely for the 
purpose of agreeing to the provisions of this Agreement that contain rights, obligations or 
duties of the Manager, so as to benefit from such rights and to assume and be bound by 
such obligations and duties, but the Manager shall not thereby become or be deemed a 
partner of the Fund 
MANAGER: 
Executed and delivered as a deed by 
DEUTSCHE ALTERNATIVE ASSET 
MANAGEMENT (GLOBAL) LIMITED 
By: 
Name: 
Title: Director 
By: 
Name: 
Title: Director 
I 3 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109053 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255237 
EFTA01452154

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452155.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III -1081 Southern Financial tIC 
EXHIBIT 1- INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
50496934v01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109054 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255238 
EFTA01452155

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452156.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
ANNEX I 
Notice to Certain Non-U.S. Residents 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109056 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255240 
EFTA01452156

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452157.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
NOTICE TO CERTAIN NON-U.S. RESIDENTS 
77-1/S MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION OF AN 
OFFER TO BUY AN INTEREST IN ANY JURISDICTION TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL 
TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN SUCH JURISDICTION. 
ACCORDINGLY, THE 
INTERESTS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION, 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE IN SUCH 
JURISDICTION. INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS ANNEX AS 
LEGAL, INVESTMENT TAX OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH INVESTOR MUST RELY UPON ITS OWN 
REPRESENTATIVES. INCLUDING ITS OWN LEGAL COUNSEL, AS TO APPLICABLE LEGAL 
REQUIREMENTS AND RESTRICTIONS IN ITS JURISDICTION PRIOR TO MAKING ANY INVESTMENT 
IN AN INTEREST. 
IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF ALL INVESTORS WISHING TO SUBSCRIBE FOR THE INTERESTS TO 
INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND TO OBSERVE ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF ANY 
RELEVANT JURISDICTION, INCLUDING OBTAINING ANY REQUISITE GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER 
CONSENT AND OBSERVING ANY FORMALITIES PRESCRIBED IN SUCH JURISDICTION. 
INVESTORS SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES AS TO THE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS AND TAX 
CONSEQUENCES WITHIN COUNTRIES OF THEIR CITIZENSHIP, RESIDENCE, DOMICILE AND 
PLACE OF BUSINESS WITH RESPECT TO THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR DISPOSAL OF THE 
INTERESTS, AND ANY EXCHANGE RESTRICTIONS THAT MAY BE RELEVANT THERETO. CERTAIN 
INFORMATION IS SET FORTH WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. THE INFORMATION 
BELOW MAY BE SUPPLEMENTED BASED ON THE JURISDICTION OF ANY INVESTMENT ENTITY. 
IN ADDITION, INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE 
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN AND OWNERSHIP OF AN INTEREST RELEVANT TO 
THEIR INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF ARGENTINA 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL AND HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER SOLELY FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRIVATE PLACEMENT OF THE 
INTERESTS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS PERSONAL TO YOU AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER 
TO ANY OTHER PERSON OR TO THE PUBLIC GENERALLY TO PURCHASE THE INTERESTS UNDER 
ARGENTINE APPLICABLE LAWS. 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS MEMORANDUM TO ANY PERSON 
OTHER THAN TO THOSE PERSONS, IF ANY, RETAINED TO ADVISE YOU IN RESPECT THERETO, IS 
UNAUTHORIZED, AND ANY DISCLOSURE OF ANY OF ITS CONTENTS, WITHOUT THE PRIOR 
WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER, IS PROHIBITED. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM YOU AGREE TO THE FOREGOING AND TO MAKE NO PHOTOCOPIES OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR ANY DOCUMENTS REFERRED TO HEREIN, AND, IF YOU DO NOT PURCHASE 
THE INTERESTS OR THE OFFERING IS TERMINATED, TO RETURN THIS MEMORANDUM AND ALL 
DOCUMENTS REFERRED TO HEREIN TO THE GENERAL PARTNER. NEITHER THE NATIONAL 
SECURITIES COMMISSION (COMISION NACIONAL DE VALORES) NOR ANY OTHER ARGENTINE 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY HAS EITHER VERIFIED THE ACCURACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM OR 
APPROVED THE PUBLIC OFFERING OF THE INTERESTS IN THE REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA AND 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN ARGENTINA EXCEPT IN CIRCUMSTANCES 
THAT DO NOT CONSTITUTE A PUBLIC OFFERING UNDER ARGENTINE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF AUSTRALIA 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT A FORMAL DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT AND HAS NOT BEEN LODGED 
WITH THE AUSTRALIAN SECURITIES AND INVESTMENTS COMMISSION. IT DOES NOT PURPORT 
TO CONTAIN ALL INFORMATION THAT AN INVESTOR OR THEIR PROFESSIONAL ADVISERS 
WOULD EXPECT TO FIND IN A PROSPECTUS OR OTHER DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PREPARED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CORPORATIONS ACT 2001 OF AUSTRALIA (THE -AUSTRALIAN 
CORPORATIONS ACT-) IN RELATION TO THE INTERESTS. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109058 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255242 
EFTA01452157

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452158.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN OFFER TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN AUSTRALIA GENERALLY. THE 
INTERESTS WILL ONLY BE OFFERED OR ISSUED TO, AND NO APPLICATIONS FOR INTERESTS 
WILL BE ACCEPTED FROM, PERSONS IN AUSTRALIA TO WHOM AN OFFER OF SECURITIES OR 
FINANCIAL PRODUCTS FOR ISSUE MAY BE MADE WITHOUT A PROSPECTUS OR OTHER FORM OF 
DISCLOSURE TO INVESTORS UNDER PARTS 6D.2 OR 7.9 OF THE AUSTRALIAN CORPORATIONS 
ACT. 
IF A POTENTIAL INVESTOR IS LOCATED IN AUSTRALIA, THAT POTENTIAL INVESTOR CONFIRMS, 
WARRANTS AND AGREES THROUGH RECEIPT OF THIS MEMORANDUM THAT THEY ARE NOT A 
'RETAIL CLIENT' FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 761G AND 761GA OF THE AUSTRALIAN 
CORPORATIONS ACT, AND THAT THEY ARE A PERSON TO WHOM AN OFFER OF INTERESTS MAY 
BE MADE UNDER SECTIONS 708(8) OR 708(11) OF THE AUSTRALIAN CORPORATIONS ACT, SUCH 
THAT ANY OFFER OF INTERESTS TO THEM DOES NOT REQUIRE A PROSPECTUS OR OTHER 
FORM OF DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT UNDER THE AUSTRALIAN CORPORATIONS ACT AND THAT 
THEY WILL NOT OFFER THE INTERESTS FOR SALE IN AUSTRALIA FOR 12 MONTHS FROM THEIR 
DATE OF ISSUE EXCEPT IN CIRCUMSTANCES WHERE DISCLOSURE TO INVESTORS UNDER 
PARTS 6D.2 OR 7.9 OF THE AUSTRALIAN CORPORATIONS ACT WOULD NOT BE REQUIRED OR 
WHERE THE OFFER IS PURSUANT TO A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT WHICH COMPLIES WITH PART 
6D.2 OR PART 7.9 OF THE AUSTRALIAN CORPORATIONS ACT. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF BAHAMAS 
INTERESTS SHALL NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD INTO THE BAHAMAS EXCEPT IN 
CIRCUMSTANCES THAT DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO THE PUBLIC. INTERESTS MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN ANY WAY TO PERSONS DEEMED BY 
THE CENTRAL BANK OF THE BAHAMAS TO BE A RESIDENT FOR EXCHANGE CONTROL 
PURPOSES. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF BAHRAIN 
THIS OFFER IS A PRIVATE PLACEMENT. IT IS NOT SUBJECT TO THE REGULATIONS OF THE 
CENTRAL BANK OF BAHRAIN THAT APPLY TO PUBLIC OFFERINGS OF SECURITIES AND THE 
EXTENSIVE 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 
AND OTHER PROJECTIONS 
THAT 
THESE 
REGULATIONS CONTAIN. THIS MEMORANDUM IS, THEREFORE, INTENDED ONLY FOR 
-ACCREDITED INVESTORS" AS DEFINED IN THE APPLICABLE RULES OF THE CENTRAL BANK OF 
BAHRAIN. 
THE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS OFFERED BY WAY OF PRIVATE PLACEMENT MAY ONLY BE 
OFFERED IN MINIMUM SUBSCRIPTIONS OF US$100,000 (OR EQUIVALENT IN OTHER 
CURRENCIES). 
THE CENTRAL BANK OF BAHRAIN ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY AND 
COMPLETENESS OF THE STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM 
AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY LOSS HOWSOEVER 
ARISING FROM RELIANCE UPON THE WHOLE OR ANY PART OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FEEDER FUNDS AND THE INVESTMENT MANAGER OF THE 
ONSHORE FEEDER FUND ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. TO THE BEST OF THE KNOWLEDGE AND BELIEF OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF 
THE FEEDER FUNDS AND THE INVESTMENT MANAGER OF THE ONSHORE FEEDER FUND, WHO 
HAVE TAKEN ALL REASONABLE CARE TO ENSURE THAT SUCH IS THE CASE, THE INFORMATION 
CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM IS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FACTS AND DOES NOT OMIT 
ANYTHING LIKELY TO AFFECT THE RELIABILITY OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109059 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255243 
EFTA01452158

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452159.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF BRAZIL 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF BRAZIL (COMISSAO DE VALORES MOBILMRIOS). THE INTERESTS 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN BRAZIL, EXCEPT IN CIRCUMSTANCES THAT DO NOT 
CONSTITUTE A PUBLIC OFFERING OR UNAUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTION UNDER BRAZILIAN LAWS 
AND REGULATIONS. 
THE INTERESTS ARE NOT BEING OFFERED IN BRAZIL. DOCUMENTS 
RELATING TO THE OFFERING OF THE INTERESTS, AS WELL AS INFORMATION CONTAINED 
THEREIN, MAY NOT BE SUPPLIED TO THE PUBLIC IN BRAZIL. NOR BE USED IN CONNECTION 
WITH ANY OFFER FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR SALE OF THE INTERESTS TO THE PUBLIC IN BRAZIL. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS MAY BE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY PERSONS RESIDENT. 
DOMICILED, ESTABLISHED, INCORPORATED OR REGISTERED PURSUANT TO THE LAWS OF THE 
CAYMAN ISLANDS. THE FEEDER FUNDS, HOWEVER, WILL NOT UNDERTAKE BUSINESS WITH 
THE PUBLIC IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS OTHER THAN SO FAR AS MAY BE NECESSARY FOR THE 
CARRYING ON OF THE BUSINESS OF THE FEEDER FUNDS EXTERIOR TO THE ISLANDS. PUBLIC 
FOR THESE PURPOSES DOES NOT INCLUDE A SOPHISTICATED PERSON, A HIGH NET WORTH 
PERSON, A COMPANY, PARTNERSHIP OR TRUST OF WHICH THE SHAREHOLDERS, UNIT 
HOLDERS OR LIMITED PARTNERS ARE EACH A SOPHISTICATED PERSON, A HIGH NET WORTH 
PERSON ANY EXEMPTED OR ORDINARY NON-RESIDENT COMPANY REGISTERED UNDER THE 
COMPANIES LAW (2013 REVISION) OR A FOREIGN COMPANY REGISTERED PURSUANT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES LAW (2013 REVISION) OR ANY SUCH COMPANY ACTING AS 
GENERAL PARTNER OF A PARTNERSHIP REGISTERED PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE 
EXEMPTED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP LAW (2013 REVISION) OR ANY DIRECTOR OR OFFICER OF 
THE SAME ACTING IN SUCH CAPACITY OR THE TRUSTEE OF ANY TRUST REGISTERED OR 
CAPABLE OF REGISTERING PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE TRUSTS LAW (AS 
REVISED). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CHILE 
THE FEEDER FUNDS AND THE INTERESTS ARE NOT REGISTERED IN THE SECURITIES REGISTRY 
MAINTAINED 
BY 
THE 
CHILEAN 
SECURITIES 
AND 
INSURANCE 
SUPERINTENDENCY 
(SUPERINTENDENCIA DE VALORES Y SEGUROS DE CHILE) (THE "SVS") PURSUANT TO THE 
CHILEAN SECURITIES MARKET LAW 18,045, OR SUBJECT TO THE SUPERVISION OF THE SVS. 
ACCORDINGLY, THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE OFFERED IN CHILE EXCEPT IN CIRCUMSTANCES 
WHICH DO NOT CONSTITUTE A PUBLIC OFFER OF SECURITIES IN CHILE WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF ARTICLE 4 OF THE CHILEAN SECURITIES MARKET LAW 18,045, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED, 
AND SUPPLEMENTAL RULES ENACTED THEREUNDER. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PERSONAL TO EACH OFFEREE AND DOES NOT 
CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO ANY OTHER PERSON OR TO THE PUBLIC IN GENERAL TO 
SUBSCRIBE FOR OR OTHERWISE TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE OFFEREE IS UNAUTHORIZED, AND ANY 
DISCLOSURE OF ANY OF THE CONTENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM WITHOUT THE GENERAL 
PARTNER'S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT IS PROHIBITED. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR, BY ACCEPTING THE DELIVERY OF THE MEMORANDUM, 
AGREES TO THE FOREGOING AND WILL NOT FORWARD THIS MEMORANDUM OR MAKE 
PHOTOCOPIES OF THE MEMORANDUM OR ANY DOCUMENTS REFERRED TO HEREIN. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REJECT ANY OFFER TO PURCHASE, IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART, AND FOR ANY REASON, THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY. THE GENERAL 
1-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109060 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255244 
EFTA01452159

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452160.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
PARTNER ALSO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SELL OR PLACE LESS THAN ALL OF THE INTERESTS 
OFFERED HEREBY. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF COLOMBIA 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT AND WILL NOT BE MARKETED, OFFERED, SOLD OR DISTRIBUTED IN 
COLOMBIA OR TO COLOMBIAN RESIDENTS EXCEPT IN CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH DO NOT 
CONSTITUTE A PUBLIC OFFER OF SECURITIES IN COLOMBIA WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 
6.1.1.1.1 OF DECREE 2555 OF 2010 AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME. THIS MATERIAL IS FOR 
THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE ADDRESSEE AS A DETERMINED INDIVIDUAUENTITY 
AND IS NOT ADDRESSED TO OR INTENDED FOR THE USE OF ANY THIRD PARTY. ACCORDINGLY, 
THE INTERESTS WILL NOT BE PUBLICLY OFFERED, MARKETED OR NEGOTIATED IN COLOMBIA 
THROUGH PROMOTIONAL OR ADVERTISEMENT ACTIVITIES (AS DEFINED UNDER COLOMBIAN 
LAW) EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE COLOMBIAN FINANCIAL AND 
SECURITIES MARKET REGULATION (DECREE 2555 OF 2010, LAW 964 OF 2005 AND ORGANIC 
STATUTE OF THE FINANCIAL SYSTEM) AS AMENDED AND RESTATED, AND DECREES AND 
REGULATIONS MADE THEREUNDER. THE FEEDER FUNDS HAVE ACKNOWLEDGED THAT THE 
INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED IN THE NATIONAL SECURITIES AND ISSUERS 
REGISTRY (REGISTRO NACIONAL DE VALORES Y EMISORES) OF THE COLOMBIAN FINANCIAL 
SUPERINTENDENCE (SUPERINTENDENCIA FINANCIERA DE COLOMBIA), AND THEREFORE THEY 
ARE NOT INTENDED FOR ANY PUBLIC OFFER OF THE INTERESTS IN COLOMBIA. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH ANY 
COLOMBIAN LAWS AND REGULATIONS (SPECIFICALLY FOREIGN EXCHANGE AND TAX 
REGULATIONS) APPLICABLE TO ANY TRANSACTION OR INVESTMENT CONSUMMATED IN 
CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY ONLY INVEST IN THE 
INTERESTS IF SUCH INVESTMENT IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER ITS CORPORATE BYLAWS AND/OR 
APPLICABLE INVESTMENT REGIME. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS FOR THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE ADDRESSEE AS A 
DESIGNATED INDIVIDUAUINVESTOR, AND IS NOT ADDRESSED TO OR INTENDED FOR THE USE 
OF, ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING ANY OF SUCH PARTY'S SHAREHOLDERS, ADMINISTRATORS 
OR EMPLOYEES, OR BY ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY RESIDENT IN COLOMBIA. THE INFORMATION 
CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM IS PROVIDED FOR ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES ONLY AND NO 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF EGYPT 
THE OFFERING FOR THE INTERESTS DESCRIBED HEREIN IS NOT A PUBLIC OFFERING IN EGYPT. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE EGYPTIAN 
CAPITAL MARKET LAW NO. 95 OF 1992 AND ARE BEING OFFERED PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
THEREFROM. 
CONSEQUENTLY, NO APPLICATION FOR THE APPROVAL OF, OR ANY 
REGISTRATION OR FILING WITH, THE EGYPTIAN CAPITAL MARKET AUTHORITY HAS BEEN MADE. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF GUERNSEY 
THE INTERESTS MAY ONLY BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN OR FROM WITHIN THE BAILIWICK OF 
GUERNSEY EITHER (I) BY PERSONS LICENSED TO DO SO UNDER THE PROTECTION OF 
INVESTORS (BAILIWICK OF GUERNSEY) LAW, 1987 (AS AMENDED) (THE -POI LAW): OR (II) TO 
PERSONS LICENSED UNDER THE POI LAW; OR (III) TO PERSONS LICENSED UNDER THE 
INSURANCE BUSINESS (BAILIWICK OF GUERNSEY) LAW, 2002, THE BANKING SUPERVISION 
(BAILIWICK OF GUERNSEY) LAW, 1994, OR THE REGULATION OF FIDUCIARIES, ADMINISTRATION 
BUSINESSES AND COMPANY DIRECTORS, ETC, (BAILIWICK OF GUERNSEY) LAW, 2000. 
I-4 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109061 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255245 
EFTA01452160

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452161.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
NEITHER THE GUERNSEY FINANCIAL SERVICES COMMISSION NOR THE STATES OF GUERNSEY 
POLICY COUNCIL TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF THE FEEDER 
FUNDS OR FOR THE CORRECTNESS OF ANY OF THE STATEMENTS MADE OR OPINIONS 
EXPRESSED WITH REGARD TO THEM. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF HONG KONG 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN HONG KONG, BY MEANS OF ANY 
DOCUMENT OTHER THAN (I) TO "PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS" AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES 
AND FUTURES ORDINANCE (CAP. 571) OF HONG KONG (THE "SFO") AND ANY RULES MADE 
THEREUNDER, OR (II) IN OTHER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH DO NOT RESULT IN THE DOCUMENT 
BEING A -PROSPECTUS" AS DEFINED IN THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE (CAP. 32) OF HONG KONG 
OR WHICH DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO THE PUBLIC WITHIN THE MEANING OF THAT 
ORDINANCE, AND NO ADVERTISEMENT, INVITATION OR DOCUMENT RELATING TO THE 
INTERESTS MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY BE IN THE POSSESSION OF ANY PERSON FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF ISSUE (IN EACH CASE WHETHER IN HONG KONG OR ELSEWHERE), WHICH IS 
DIRECTED AT, OR THE CONTENTS OF WHICH ARE LIKELY TO BE ACCESSED OR READ BY, THE 
PUBLIC IN HONG KONG (EXCEPT IF PERMITTED TO DO UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF HONG 
KONG) OTHER THAN WITH RESPECT TO THE INTERESTS WHICH ARE OR ARE INTENDED TO BE 
DISPOSED OF ONLY TO PERSONS OUTSIDE HONG KONG OR ONLY TO PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS" AS DEFINED IN THE SFO AND ANY RULES MADE THEREUNDER. 
THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM HAVE NOT BEEN REVIEWED BY ANY REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY IN HONG KONG. YOU ARE ADVISED TO EXERCISE CAUTION IN RELATION TO THE 
OFFER. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT ANY OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM, 
YOU SHOULD OBTAIN INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF INDONESIA 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE INDONESIAN 
CAPITAL MARKET LAW AND ITS IMPLEMENTING REGULATIONS. THE INTERESTS WILL NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD IN INDONESIA OR TO INDONESIAN CITIZENS WHEREVER THEY ARE 
DOMICILED, OR TO INDONESIAN RESIDENTS IN A MANNER WHICH CONSTITUTES A PUBLIC 
OFFERING OF SECURITIES UNDER THE RELEVANT INDONESIAN CAPITAL MARKET LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS. THIS MEMORANDUM (AND THE LP AGREEMENTS) OR ANY RELATED MATERIAL 
IS NOT INTENDED OR PREPARED FOR THE PURPOSES OF A PUBLIC OFFERING OF SECURITIES 
UNDER THE INDONESIAN CAPITAL MARKET LAW AND REGULATIONS. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF JERSEY 
THE FEEDER FUNDS ARE NOT REGULATED AS COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF THE COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS (JERSEY) LAW 1988, AS AMENDED. 
CONSENT HAS NOT BEEN OBTAINED AND IS NOT REQUIRED, UNDER THE CONTROL OF 
BORROWING (JERSEY) ORDER 1958. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
THIS MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA EXCEPT TO 
SUCH PERSONS AS ARE PERMITTED UNDER THE RESOLUTION NUMBER 1-219-2006 DATED 
3/12/1427H CORRESPONDING TO 24/12/2006G (THE -REGULATIONS") 
THE SAUDI ARABIAN 
CAPITAL MARKETS AUTHORITY (THE "CMA") DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE 
CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT, DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO ITS ACCURACY 
OR COMPLETENESS, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY LOSS 
ARISING FROM, OR INCURRED IN RELIANCE UPON ANY PART OF THIS MEMORANDUM. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE FEEDER FUNDS' INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY SHOULD 
1-5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109062 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255246 
EFTA01452161

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452162.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
CONDUCT THEIR OWN DILIGENCE ON THE ACCURACY OF ANY INFORMATION RELATING TO THE 
FEEDER FUNDS. 
NO ACTION HAS BEEN OR WILL BE TAKEN IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA THAT WOULD 
PERMIT A PUBLIC OFFERING OF ANY INTERESTS IN THE FEEDER FUNDS IN THE KINGDOM OF 
SAUDI ARABIA. ANY INTERESTS IN THE FEEDER FUNDS MAY ONLY BE OFFERED AND SOLD IN 
THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA THROUGH PERSONS AUTHORIZED TO DO SO IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH ARTICLE 4 (PRIVATE PLACEMENT REQUIREMENTS) OF THE INVESTMENT FUNDS 
REGULATIONS ISSUED BY THE CMA PURSUANT TO THE REGULATIONS FOLLOWING A 
NOTIFICATION TO THE CMA UNDER THE REGULATIONS. INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT 
ARTICLE 4(G) OF THE REGULATIONS PLACES RESTRICTIONS ON SECONDARY MARKET 
ACTIVITY WITH RESPECT TO INTERESTS IN THE FEEDER FUNDS ACQUIRED BY INVESTORS. THE 
OFFEROR WILL NOT RECOGNIZE ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER, OR ATTEMPTED RESALE 
OR OTHER TRANSFER, MADE OTHER THAN IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ABOVEMENTIONED 
RESTRICTION. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF KOREA 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO BUY OR SUBSCRIBE FOR, OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY OR SUBSCRIBE FOR, THE INTERESTS IN KOREA, AND 
SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A PROSPECTUS OR OTHER DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT UNDER THE 
FINANCIAL INVESTMENT SERVICES AND CAPITAL MARKETS ACT OF KOREA CFSCMAD. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH THE FINANCIAL 
SERVICES COMMISSION OF KOREA UNDER THE FSCMA FOR PUBLIC OFFERING. 
THE 
INTERESTS MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR 
OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED TO ANY PERSON FOR RE-OFFERING OR RESALE, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, IN KOREA OR TO ANY RESIDENT OF KOREA (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN THE 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE TRANSACTION LAW AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER), EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF, AND 
OTHERWISE IN COMPLIANCE WITH, THE FSCMA AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS. 
THE FEEDER FUNDS ARE NOT MAKING ANY REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE 
ELIGIBILITY OF ANY RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS UNDER 
THE LAWS OF KOREA, INCLUDING BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
TRANSACTION LAW AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF KUWAIT 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF KUWAIT, THE 
KUWAIT CAPITAL MARKET AUTHORITY OR THE KUWAIT MINISTRY OF COMMERCE & INDUSTRY, 
NOR HAS IT BEEN SANCTIONED BY A PERSON DULY LICENSED BY THE KUWAIT CAPITAL 
MARKET AUTHORITY AS REQUIRED BY LOCAL LAW. 
NO LICENSED PERSON HAS BEEN 
AUTHORIZED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF KUWAIT, THE KUWAIT CAPITAL MARKETS AUTHORITY 
OR THE KUWAIT MINISTRY OF COMMERCE & INDUSTRY TO MARKET OR SELL THE INTERESTS 
TO CLIENTS WITHIN THE STATE OF KUWAIT AS REQUIRED BY LOCAL LAW. THEREFORE, THE 
MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE SENT INTO KUWAIT, AND NO SERVICES RELATING TO THE 
MARKETING, OFFERING AND SALE OF THE INTERESTS, INCLUDING THE RECEIPT OF 
APPLICATIONS AND/OR THE ALLOTMENT OF INTERESTS IN THE FEEDER FUNDS, MAY BE 
RENDERED IN KUWAIT BY THE OFFEROR OR THE MANAGERS OR PERSONS REPRESENTING 
THEM. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MALAYSIA 
THE PROPOSAL TO OFFER FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE OF ANY OF THE INTERESTS HAS 
I-6 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109063 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255247 
EFTA01452162

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452163.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE SECURITIES COMMISSION, MALAYSIA, AND THIS MEMORANDUM 
AND ANY OTHER OFFERING DOCUMENTS IN RELATION TO THE FEEDER FUNDS HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES COMMISSION, MALAYSIA. ACCORDINGLY, NO PERSON MAY 
ISSUE OR CAUSE TO BE ISSUED THIS MEMORANDUM OR ANY AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT 
HERETO OR ANY OTHER INVITATION, ADVERTISEMENT OR DOCUMENT RELATING TO THE 
FEEDER FUNDS IN MALAYSIA AND NO PERSON MAY OFFER FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE 
ANY OF THE INTERESTS DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TO ANYONE IN MALAYSIA. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MEXICO 
THE INTERESTS ARE BEING SOLD BASED ON THE PROVISIONS OF ARTICLE 8 OF THE MEXICAN 
SECURITIES MARKET LAW (LEY DEL MERCADO DE VALORES) WHICH PROVIDES AN EXEMPTION 
FROM THE APPROVAL AND REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE MEXICAN NATIONAL 
BANKING AND SECURITIES COMMISSION (COMISION NACIONAL BANCARIA Y DE VALORES) (THE 
"CNBV"). THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH THE NATIONAL 
SECURITIES REGISTRY (REGISTRO NACIONAL DE VALORES) MAINTAINED BY THE CNBV AND 
ARE NOT BEING AND MAY NOT BE PUBLICLY OFFERED IN MEXICO. UNDER ARTICLE 8 OF THE 
MEXICAN SECURITIES MARKET LAW, ONLY INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS (INVERSIONISTAS 
INSTITUCIONALES) OR QUALIFIED INVESTORS (INVERSIONISTAS CALIFICADOS), AS SUCH 
TERMS ARE DEFINED BY APPLICABLE MEXICAN LAW AND REGULATION OR INVESTORS IN 
CERTAIN OTHER LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES, MAY PURCHASE THE INTERESTS. 
THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM IS THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE 
GENERAL PARTNER AND HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE CNBV. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF OMAN 
THE INTERESTS, THIS MEMORANDUM OR ANY OFFERING MATERIAL RELATING TO THE 
INTERESTS MAY NOT BE MARKETED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY PERSON IN OMAN OTHER THAN 
BY AN ENTITY LICENSED TO MARKET NON-OMANI SECURITIES BY THE CAPITAL MARKET 
AUTHORITY AND THEN ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH 
LICENSE. 
BY RECEIVING THIS MEMORANDUM, THE PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHOM IT HAS BEEN ISSUED 
AND SENT UNDERSTANDS, ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT 
BEEN APPROVED BY THE CAPITAL MARKET AUTHORITY (THE "OCMA") OR ANY OTHER 
REGULATORY BODY OR AUTHORITY IN OMAN, NOR HAS ANY AUTHORIZATION, LICENSE OR 
APPROVAL BEEN RECEIVED FROM THE OCMA OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN 
OMAN, TO MARKET, OFFER, SELL, OR DISTRIBUTE THE INTERESTS WITHIN OMAN. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT BEEN FILED WITH, APPROVED BY THE CHINA SECURITIES 
REGULATORY COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE PEOPLE'S 
REPUBLIC OF CHINA AND THE INTERESTS DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
RELATED DOCUMENTS HAVE NOT AND SHALL NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, TO THE PUBLIC IN THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. THIS MEMORANDUM AND 
THE RELATED DOCUMENTS DO NOT AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A PUBLIC 
OFFERING, AS DEFINED BY THE PRC SECURITIES LAW (AS AMENDED), IN THE PEOPLE'S 
REPUBLIC OF CHINA AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS SUCH. NO MARKETING ACTIVITIES, 
ADVERTISEMENTS OR PUBLIC INDUCEMENTS HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE CARRIED OUT BY THE 
FEEDER FUNDS TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC WITHIN THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA IN 
RELATION TO THE FEEDER FUNDS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS INTENDED SOLELY FOR THE USE OF 
THE PERSON TO WHOM IT HAS BEEN DELIVERED FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING A 
POSSIBLE INVESTMENT BY THE RECIPIENT IN THE INTERESTS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND IS NOT 
TO BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSONS (OTHER THAN PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS OF THE PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR RECEIVING THIS MEMORANDUM). FOR THE 
1-7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109064 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255248 
EFTA01452163

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452164.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
PURPOSE OF THIS PARAGRAPH, THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA DOES NOT INCLUDE HONG 
KONG, MACAU AND TAIWAN. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF PERU 
THE RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ASSUMES A CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATION 
REGARDING THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN. HENCE, THIS 
MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE COPIED OR DISTRIBUTED, PARTIALLY OR AS A WHOLE, NOR MAY 
ITS CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED BY THE RECIPIENT TO ANY THIRD PARTY. 
GIVEN THAT THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT AN INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER LICENSED BY 
SMV TO MANAGE PUBLICLY PLACED INVESTMENT FUNDS IN PERU, SMV DOES NOT EXERCISE 
ANY KIND OF SUPERVISION REGARDING THE FEEDER FUNDS. 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE 
MANAGEMENT OF THE FEEDER FUNDS, THE INFORMATION FURNISHED TO THE INVESTORS 
AND THE REST OF THE SERVICES RENDERED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER ARE SUBJECT TO 
THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
THE FEEDER FUNDS ARE PRIVATE FUNDS. THEREFORE, THEY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED IN 
THE PUBLIC REGISTRY OF THE SECURITIES MARKET AND THEY ARE NEITHER SUBJECT TO 
REGULATION NOR SUPERVISION BY SMV. THE PLACEMENT AND ISSUANCE OF INTERESTS WILL 
BE MADE THROUGH A PRIVATE OFFERING. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE PHILIPPINES 
THESE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE PHILIPPINES SECURITIES & 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OFFERED FOR SALE TO THE PUBLIC IN 
THE PHILIPPINES. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF QATAR 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT, AND IS NOT INTENDED TO, CONSTITUTE AN INVITATION OR 
OFFER OF SECURITIES OR FINANCIAL SERVICES IN THE STATE OF QATAR OR IN THE QATAR 
FINANCIAL CENTRE, AND ACCORDINGLY SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS SUCH NOR DOES 
THE OFFEROR BY VIRTUE OF THIS MATERIAL, CONDUCT ANY BUSINESS IN QATAR. THE 
OFFEROR IS AN ENTITY REGULATED BY LAWS OUTSIDE QATAR. THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT 
BEEN FILED WITH, REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE QATAR CENTRAL BANK OR ANY OTHER 
RELEVANT GOVERNMENTAL BODY OR SECURITIES EXCHANGE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING SENT ON AN EXCLUSIVE BASIS TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF 
INSTITUTIONAL AND/OR SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS (I) UPON THEIR REQUEST AND 
CONFIRMATION THAT THEY UNDERSTAND THAT THE MATERIAL HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED OR 
LICENSED BY OR REGISTERED WITH THE QATAR CENTRAL BANK OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE 
LICENSING AUTHORITIES OR GOVERNMENTAL AGENCIES IN THE STATE OF QATAR; AND (II) ON 
THE CONDITION THAT IT, OR A COPY OF IT, WILL NOT BE PROVIDED TO ANY PERSON OTHER 
THAN THE ORIGINAL RECIPIENT EXCEPT TO LEGAL OR FINANCIAL ADVISORS FOR THE 
PURPOSE OF THEM ADVISING THE RECIPIENT ABOUT IT, IS NOT FOR GENERAL CIRCULATION 
AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR USED FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF RUSSIA 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN OFFER, OR AN INVITATION TO 
MAKE OFFERS, SELL, PURCHASE, EXCHANGE OR TRANSFER INTERESTS IN RUSSIA OR TO OR 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF ANY RUSSIAN PERSON, AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN 
ADVERTISEMENT, OR OFFERING OF INTERESTS IN RUSSIA. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN 
AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED IN RUSSIA AND ARE NOT INTENDED FOR "OFFERING,' 
"PLACEMENT* OR "CIRCULATION" IN RUSSIA UNLESS AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER 
I-8 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109065 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255249 
EFTA01452164

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452165.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
RUSSIAN LAW. 
THE INTERESTS WILL NOT BE OFFERED, TRANSFERRED OR SOLD AS PART OF THEIR INITIAL 
DISTRIBUTION OR AT ANY TIME THEREAFTER TO OR FOR THE BENEFIT OF ANY PERSONS 
(INCLUDING LEGAL ENTITIES) RESIDENT, INCORPORATED, ESTABLISHED OR HAVING THEIR 
USUAL RESIDENCE IN THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED WITHIN THE 
TERRITORY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION UNLESS AND TO THE EXTENT OTHERWISE 
PERMITTED UNDER RUSSIAN LAW. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF SINGAPORE 
THE OFFER OR INVITATION OF THE INTERESTS OF THE FEEDER FUNDS, WHICH IS THE SUBJECT 
OF THIS MEMORANDUM, DOES NOT RELATE TO A COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEME WHICH IS 
AUTHORISED UNDER SECTION 286 OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, CHAPTER 289 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE "SFA') OR RECOGNISED UNDER SECTION 287 OF THE SFA. THE FEEDER FUNDS 
ARE NOT AUTHORISED OR RECOGNISED BY THE MONETARY AUTHORITY OF SINGAPORE (THE 
"MAS") AND THE INTERESTS ARE NOT ALLOWED TO BE OFFERED TO THE RETAIL PUBLIC. 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR MATERIAL ISSUED IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT A PROSPECTUS AS DEFINED IN THE SFA. ACCORDINGLY, STATUTORY 
LIABILITY UNDER THE SFA IN RELATION TO THE CONTENT OF PROSPECTUSES DOES NOT APPLY. 
YOU SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY WHETHER THE INVESTMENT IS SUITABLE FOR YOU. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED AS A PROSPECTUS WITH THE MAS. 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS MEMORANDUM AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR MATERIAL IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE OFFER OR SALE, OR INVITATION FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE, OF INTERESTS 
MAY NOT BE CIRCULATED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY INTERESTS BE OFFERED OR SOLD, OR BE 
MADE THE SUBJECT OF AN INVITATION FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE, WHETHER DIRECTLY 
OR INDIRECTLY, TO PERSONS IN SINGAPORE OTHER THAN (I) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR 
UNDER SECTION 304 OF THE SFA; (II) TO A RELEVANT PERSON PURSUANT TO SECTION 305(1), OR 
ANY PERSON PURSUANT TO SECTION 305(2), AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS 
SPECIFIED IN SECTION 305, OF THE SFA; OR (III) OTHERWISE PURSUANT TO, AND IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF, ANY OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISION OF THE SFA. 
WHERE INTERESTS ARE SUBSCRIBED OR PURCHASED UNDER SECTION 305 OF THE SFA BY A 
RELEVANT PERSON WHICH IS: 
(A) 
A CORPORATION (WHICH IS NOT AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
4A OF THE SFA)) THE SOLE BUSINESS OF WHICH IS TO HOLD INVESTMENTS AND THE 
ENTIRE SHARE CAPITAL OF WHICH IS OWNED BY ONE OR MORE INDIVIDUALS, EACH OF 
WHOM IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR; OR 
(B) 
A TRUST (WHERE THE TRUSTEE IS NOT AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR) WHOSE SOLE 
PURPOSE IS TO HOLD INVESTMENTS AND EACH BENEFICIARY OF THE TRUST IS AN 
INDIVIDUAL WHO IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, 
SECURITIES (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 239(1) OF THE SFA) OF THAT CORPORATION OR THE 
BENEFICIARIES' RIGHTS AND INTEREST (HOWSOEVER DESCRIBED) IN THAT TRUST SHALL NOT 
BE TRANSFERRED WITHIN SIX MONTHS AFTER THAT CORPORATION OR THAT TRUST HAS 
ACQUIRED THE INTERESTS PURSUANT TO AN OFFER MADE UNDER SECTION 305 OF THE SFA 
OTHER THAN: 
(1) 
TO AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR OR TO A RELEVANT PERSON DEFINED IN SECTION 
305(5) OF THE SFA, OR TO ANY PERSON ARISING FROM AN OFFER REFERRED TO IN 
SECTION 275(1A) OR SECTION 305A(3)(0(B) OF THE SFA; 
(2) 
WHERE NO CONSIDERATION IS OR WILL BE GIVEN FOR THE TRANSFER; 
1-9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109066 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255250 
EFTA01452165

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452166.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(3) 
WHERE THE TRANSFER IS BY OPERATION OF LAW; 
(4) 
AS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 305A(5) OF THE SFA; OR 
(5) 
AS SPECIFIED IN REGULATION 36 OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES (OFFERS OF 
INVESTMENTS) (COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES) REGULATIONS 2005 OF 
SINGAPORE. 
BY ACCEPTING RECEIPT OF THIS DOCUMENT, A PERSON IN SINGAPORE REPRESENTS AND 
WARRANTS THAT HE IS ENTITLED TO RECEIVE SUCH DOCUMENT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH ABOVE AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE LIMITATIONS CONTAINED 
HEREIN.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF SWITZERLAND 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND ANY ACCOMPANYING SUPPLEMENT OR AMENDMENT DOES NOT 
CONSTITUTE AN ISSUE PROSPECTUS WITHIN THE MEANING OF, AND HAS BEEN PREPARED 
WITHOUT REGARD TO THE DISCLOSURE STANDARDS FOR ISSUE PROSPECTUSES UNDER 
ARTICLE 652A OR ARTICLE 1156 OF THE SWISS CODE OF OBLIGATIONS OR THE DISCLOSURE 
STANDARDS FOR LISTING PROSPECTUSES UNDER ARTICLE 27 FF. OF THE LISTING RULES OF 
THE SIX SWISS EXCHANGE LTD. OR THE LISTING RULES OF ANY OTHER STOCK EXCHANGE OR 
REGULATED TRADING FACILITY IN SWITZERLAND. 
THE INTERESTS WILL NOT BE LISTED ON THE SIX SWISS EXCHANGE LTD. OR ON ANY OTHER 
STOCK EXCHANGE OR REGULATED TRADING FACILITY IN SWITZERLAND. 
THE INTERESTS WILL NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN OR FROM SWITZERLAND AS DEFINED BY THE 
SWISS FEDERAL ACT ON COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES ("CISA"), ITS IMPLEMENTING 
ORDINANCES AND THE APPLICABLE GUIDELINES OF THE SWISS FINANCIAL MARKET 
SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY ("FINMA"), AS AMENDED. NEITHER THIS MEMORANDUM NOR ANY 
OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS RELATING TO THE FEEDER FUNDS WILL BE MADE AVAILABLE 
THROUGH DISTRIBUTION IN OR FROM SWITZERLAND. 
NEITHER THIS MEMORANDUM NOR ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS RELATING TO THE 
FEEDER FUNDS, NOR THE GENERAL PARTNER THE FEEDER FUNDS NOR THE INTERESTS HAVE 
BEEN OR WILL BE FILED WITH, REGISTERED OR APPROVED BY FINMA OR ANY OTHER SWISS 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY. IN PARTICULAR, THE FEEDER FUNDS HAVE NOT BEEN AUTHORISED, 
AND WILL NOT SEEK AUTHORISATION FROM FINMA FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR FROM 
SWITZERLAND. THEREFORE, THE FEEDER FUNDS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED TO SO-CALLED 
"QUALIFIED INVESTORS" IN AND FROM SWITZERLAND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLES 10 AND 
120 OF THE CISA AND ARTICLE 6 OF THE IMPLEMENTING ORDINANCE, AS AMENDED, TO THE 
CISA. ACQUIRERS OF INTERESTS DO NOT BENEFIT FROM PROTECTION UNDER THE CISA OR 
SUPERVISION BY THE FINMA. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS PERSONAL TO EACH SPECIFIC OFFEREE AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE 
AN OFFER TO ANY OTHER PERSON. THIS MEMORANDUM (AND ANY OTHER OFFERING OR 
MARKETING MATERIAL RELATING TO THE FEEDER FUNDS) MAY ONLY BE USED BY THOSE 
PERSONS TO WHOM IT HAS BEEN DISCLOSED IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER DESCRIBED 
THEREIN AND MAY NEITHER BE COPIED NOR BE DISTRIBUTED OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO OTHER PERSONS, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHOUT THE EXPRESS CONSENT 
OF THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF TAIWAN 
OFFERING, PLACEMENT, MARKETING OR SALE OF THE FEEDER FUNDS IN A PUBLIC OFFERING 
OR PRIVATE PLACEMENT OR THROUGH ANY INTERMEDIARY MAY NOT BE MADE IN TAIWAN 
UNLESS A PRIOR APPROVAL OR EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM THE 
FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY COMMISSION OF TAIWAN, THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("FSC") OR ITS 
1-10 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109067 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255251 
EFTA01452166

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452167.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DESIGNATED INSTITUTION PURSUANT TO SECURITIES INVESTMENT TRUST AND CONSULTING 
ACT OR REGULATIONS GOVERNING OFFSHORE FUNDS OF TAIWAN AND NO PERSON OR ENTITY 
MAY BE AUTHORIZED TO OFFER, PLACE, MARKET, SELL OR GIVE ADVICE REGARDING THE 
FEEDER FUNDS, OR OTHERWISE ACT AS AN INTERMEDIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
PLACEMENT OR SALE OF THE FEEDER FUNDS IN TAIWAN, THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA UNLESS 
SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY HAS DULY REGISTERED WITH THE FSC OR ITS DESIGNATED 
INSTITUTION. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THAILAND 
NEITHER THE GENERAL PARTNER NOR THE FEEDER FUNDS MAINTAIN ANY LICENSES, 
AUTHORIZATIONS OR REGISTRATIONS IN THAILAND NOR IS ANY OF THE MATERIAL AND 
INFORMATION CONTAINED, OR THE INTERESTS, HEREIN REGISTERED, LICENSED OR 
APPROVED FOR AN OFFERING IN THAILAND UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1992. NO SOLICITATION FOR INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS CAN BE MADE IN THAILAND 
UNLESS (A) SUCH SOLICITATION IS CONDUCTED BY AN OFFSHORE SECURITIES COMPANY 
HOLDING SECURITIES LICENCES GRANTED BY AN OFFSHORE REGULATOR WHICH IS AN 
ORDINARY MEMBER OF THE INTERNATIONAL ORGANISATION OF SECURITIES COMMISSION 
(IOSCO), AND (B) SUCH SOLICITATION IS MADE TO: (I) THE GOVERNMENT PENSION FUND; (II) 
THE SOCIAL SECURITY FUND; (III) INSURANCE COMPANIES; (IV) COMMERCIAL BANKS; (V) 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ESTABLISHED UNDER SPECIFIC LAW; (VI) SECURITIES COMPANIES 
FOR MANAGEMENT OF THEIR OWN ASSETS; (VII) OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AS 
SPECIFIED BY THE OFFICE OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF THAILAND 
WITH APPROVAL FROM THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF THAILAND OR (VIII) 
SECURITIES COMPANIES FOR MANAGEMENT OF THE ASSETS OF THE ELIGIBLE INVESTORS IN 
(I) TO (VII) ABOVE BY MEANS OF PRIVATE FUND MANAGEMENT, OR FOR MANAGEMENT OF 
MUTUAL FUNDS OR PROVIDENT FUNDS AND OTHERWISE IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE 
REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF THAILAND. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
NO MARKETING, OFFER OR INVITATION TO SUBSCRIBE FOR INTERESTS OR SALE OF 
INTERESTS HAS BEEN OR WILL TAKE PLACE IN THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES ("UAE") (INCLUDING 
THE DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCE CENTRE). 
BY RECEIVING THIS MEMORANDUM, THE 
PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHOM IT HAS BEEN ISSUED UNDERSTANDS, ACKNOWLEDGES AND 
AGREES THAT NEITHER THIS MEMORANDUM, NOR THE INTERESTS HAVE BEEN REVIEWED, 
APPROVED. DISAPPROVED OR PASSED ON IN ANY WAY BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF THE UAE, 
THE EMIRATES SECURITIES AND COMMODITIES AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER AUTHORITY IN THE 
UAE, NOR HAVE THE FEEDER FUNDS, THE PROMOTION OF THE FEEDER FUNDS' INTERESTS, 
THE PLACING AGENT, OR ANY OTHER ADVISERS RECEIVED AUTHORIZATION OR LICENSING 
FROM THE CENTRAL BANK OF THE UAE, THE EMIRATES SECURITIES AND COMMODITIES 
AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER AUTHORITY IN THE UAE TO MARKET OR SELL INTERESTS WITHIN 
THE UAE. 
NO SERVICES RELATING TO THE INTERESTS INCLUDING THE RECEIPT OF 
APPLICATIONS AND/OR THE ALLOTMENT OR REDEMPTION OF SUCH INTERESTS HAVE BEEN OR 
WILL BE RENDERED WITHIN THE UAE BY THE FEEDER FUNDS. NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM IS INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE UAE INVESTMENT, LEGAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING OR 
OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. THIS MEMORANDUM IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES 
ONLY AND NOTHING IN THIS MEMORANDUM IS INTENDED TO ENDORSE OR RECOMMEND A 
PARTICULAR COURSE OF ACTION. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT WITH AN 
APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE RENDERED ON THE BASIS OF THEIR 
SITUATION. THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN THE 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109068 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255252 
EFTA01452167

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452168.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111- 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF VENEZUELA 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE COMISION NACIONAL DE VALORES 
AND MAY NOT BE PUBLICLY OFFERED OR SOLD IN VENEZUELA. 
1-12 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109069 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255253 
EFTA01452168

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452169.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
OF 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND III PRIVATE CLIENT FEEDER FUND (U.S.), 
L.P. 
THE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS EVIDENCED BY THIS AGREEMENT HAVE NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY 
STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN JURISDICTION. SUCH LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY 
AND RESALE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE OR 
FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION THEREUNDER OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. IN ADDITION, TRANSFER OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF 
SUCH LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS IS FURTHER RESTRICTED AS PROVIDED IN 
THIS AGREEMENT. PURCHASERS OF LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS SHOULD BE 
AWARE THAT THEY WILL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF 
THEIR INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109070 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255254 
EFTA01452169

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452170.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
ARTICLE 1 
DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 
Section 1.01. 
Definitions 
ARTICLE 2 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Section 2.01. 
Name 
Section 2.02. 
Term 
Section 2.03. 
Registered Agent and Office 
Section 2.04. 
Admission of Limited Partners 
Section 2.05. 
Security Interest 
ARTICLE 3 
PURPOSES AND POWERS 
Section 3.01. 
Purposes 
Section 3.02. 
Powers 
Section 3.03. 
Tax Treatment 
Section 3.04. 
Parallel Investment Entities 
ARTICLE 4 
LIMITED PARTNERS 
Section 4.01. 
General 
Section 4.02. 
Limited Rights 
Section 4.03. 
Nature of a Limited Partner's Interest 
Section 4.04. 
No Other Persons Deemed Limited Partners 
Section 4.05. 
Partition; No Priority 
Section 4.06. 
No Withdrawal; Compulsory Transfer of Interest 
ARTICLE 5 
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS BY LIMITED PARTNERS 
Section 5.01. 
Capital Contributions 
Section 5.02. 
Drawdowns 
Section 5.03. 
Default by Limited Partners 
Section 5.04. 
Negative Balances; Withdrawal of Capital; Interest 
Section 5.05. 
Assignment of Capital Contributions 
Section 5.06. 
Liability of Limited Partners 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109071 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255255 
EFTA01452170

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452171.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
(continued) 
Page 
ARTICLE 6 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATION PROVISIONS; ELECTIONS; CERTAIN 
EXPENSES 
Section 6.01. 
Capital Accounts 
Section 6.02. 
Tax Allocation Provisions 
Section 6.03. 
Elections 
Section 6.04. 
Certain Expenses 
ARTICLE 7 
DISTRIBUTIONS; VALUATION 
Section 7.01. 
Distributions 
Section 7.02. 
Intentionally Omitted 
Section 7.03. 
In Kind Distributions 
Section 7.04. 
Withholding 
Section 7.05. 
Establishment of the Funding Reserve 
Section 7.06. 
Valuation 
ARTICLE 8 
MANAGEMENT 
Section 8.01. 
Authority of the General Partner 
Section 8.02. 
Duties of the General Partner 
Section 8.03. 
Removal and Replacement of the General Partner 
Section 8.04. 
Power to Delegate to the Investment Manager; Removal of the 
Investment Manager 
Section 8.05. 
Powers Retained by the General Partner 
Section 8.06. 
Initial Investment Manager 
Section 8.07. 
Outside Businesses 
Section 8.08. 
Expenses of the Partnership 
ARTICLE 9 
EXCULPATION, INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE 
Section 9.01. 
Exculpation 
Section 9.02. 
Duties and Liabilities of Indemnified Persons 
Section 9.03. 
Indemnification 
Section 9.04. 
Advancement of Expenses 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109072 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255256 
EFTA01452171

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452172.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
(continued) 
Page 
Section 9.05. 
Notice of Proceedings 
Section 9.06. 
Insurance 
ARTICLE 10 
TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS 
Transfer of a Limited Partner's Interest 
Recognition of Transfer; Substituted Limited Partners 
Expense of Transfer; Indemnification 
Transfer of the General Partner's Interest 
ARTICLE 11 
DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION 
Dissolution 
Liquidation 
Termination 
Claims of the Limited Partners 
ARTICLE 12 
AMENDMENTS 
Section 12.01. Adoption of Amendments; Limitations Thereon 
ARTICLE 13 
CONSENTS, VOTING AND MEETINGS OF LIMITED PARTNERS 
Section 13.01. Method of Giving Consent 
Section 13.02. Meetings 
ARTICLE 14 
RECORDS, REPORTS, TAX MATTERS 
Section 14.01. Records 
Section 14.02. Accounts and Reports 
Section 14.03. Tax Information 
Section 14.04. Tax Matters Partner 
Section 14.05. Auditors 
ARTICLE 15 
POWER OF ATTORNEY 
Section 15.01. Appointment; Power 
Section 15.02. Nature of Power 
Section 10.01. 
Section 10.02. 
Section 10.03. 
Section 10.04. 
Section 11.01. 
Section 11.02. 
Section 11.03. 
Section 11.04. 
iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109073 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255257 
EFTA01452172

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452173.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
(continued) 
Page 
Section 15.03. Further Documents 
ARTICLE 16 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Section 16.01. 
Section 16.02. 
Section 16.03. 
Section 16.04. 
Section 16.05. 
Section 16.06. 
Section 16.07. 
Section 16.08. 
Section 16.09. 
Section 16.10. 
Section 16.11. 
Section 16.12. 
Schedule A 
Notices 
Confidentiality 
Limited Partner Information 
Entire Agreement 
Binding Effect 
Severability 
No Waiver 
Governing Law 
Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 
Counsel to the Partnership 
Table of Contents, Headings and Captions 
Counterparts 
Capital Commitments of Limited Partners 
iv 
A-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255258 
DB-SDNY-0 109074 
EFTA01452173

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452174.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
OF 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND III PRIVATE CLIENT FEEDER FUND (U.S.), 
L.P. 
AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP of 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. 
BETWEEN: 
(I) 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund GP, Ltd., an 
exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, 
whose registered office is at do Stuarts Corporate Services Ltd., P.O. Box 2510, 
Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands (the "General Partner"); and 
(2) 
Each of the persons who has executed and delivered this Agreement or a 
counterpart of this Agreement. 
WHEREAS: 
A. 
The parties hereto desire to enter into an amended and restated agreement of 
limited partnership on the terms set out below for the purpose of making certain investments, as 
described below. 
B. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P., a 
Delaware limited partnership (the "Onshore Feeder Fund" or "Partnership") was established 
by the execution of a short form limited partnership agreement (the "Original Agreement") by 
the General Partner and Christopher Maranto (the "Initial Limited Partner") and by the filing 
of a Certificate of Limited Partnership with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of 
Delaware. 
C. 
The General Partner wishes to amend and restate the Original Agreement in the 
form hereof to reflect the withdrawal of the Initial Limited Partner, the admission of the Limited 
Partners (as defined below) as limited partners of the Partnership and the amendment of the 
Original Agreement as set forth herein. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree and declare as follows: 
ARTICLE 1 
DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 
Section 1.01. 
Definitions. The following terms shall have the following meaninus for 
the purposes of this Agreement: 
"Act" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109075 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255259 
EFTA01452174

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452175.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Administrator" means the administrator of the Partnership. 
"Affiliate" of a specified Person means a Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is 
controlled by, or is under common control with, the specified Person. For this purpose, 
"control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting 
securities, by contract or otherwise. 
"Agreement" means this Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of 
the Partnership, as originally executed and as it may be amended, modified, restated, novated or 
supplemented from time to time, as the context requires. 
"Approved Agent" means any agent for a Partner or, as the case may be, an agent or 
nominee (or both), if duly appointed, for the legally appointed: 
(i) 
representative of a Partner who is deceased; 
(ii) 
trustee in bankruptcy of a Partner who is bankrupt; or 
(iii) 
curator, guardian or receiver of a Partner who is mentally incapable of 
managing his affairs. 
The General Partner may, unless it has actual notice to the contrary, accept the written 
representation of an Approved Agent that such Approved Agent is the duly appointed agent or 
nominee (or both) of any Partner or of any of the Persons in (i), (ii) or (iii) above without further 
investigation or verification. 
"Attorney" has the meaning set forth in Section 15.01. 
"Auditors" has the meaning set forth in Section 14.05. 
"Book Item" has the meaning specified in Section 6.02(b). 
"Business Day" means any day other than (a) Saturday and Sunday and (b) any other day 
on which banks located in the City of London are required or authorized by law to remain closed. 
"Capital Account" has the meaning specified in Section 6.01. 
"Capital Commitment" means, with respect to any Limited Partner, the amount set forth 
as such in respect of such Limited Partner on Schedule A hereto, as the same may be adjusted 
from time to time to reflect any Transfers of Interests in accordance with Article 10 of this 
Agreement or to reflect changes resulting from the exercise of remedies in respect of a defaulting 
Limited Partner pursuant to Section 5.03. 
"Capital Contribution" means, with respect to any Limited Partner, any capital 
contributions made by such Limited Partner in respect of its Capital Commitment pursuant to 
Sections 2.04 or 5.02. 
"Claims and Expenses" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109076 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255260 
EFTA01452175

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452176.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Feeder Funds" means the Onshore Feeder Fund and the Offshore Feeder Fund, 
collectively. 
"Fiscal Period" means the period commencing at the beginning of each Fiscal Year or 
such other date as may be determined by the General Partner or the Investment Manager and 
ending on each date immediately preceding the next Fiscal Period or Fiscal Year. 
"Fiscal Year" means the calendar year, except that the initial Fiscal Year shall 
commence on the Initial Closing Date and the final Fiscal Year shall end on the date on which 
the winding up of the Partnership under Article 11 is completed. 
"Funding Reserve" has the meaning specified in Section 7.05. 
"GAAP" means U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
"General Partner" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (I) of the description of the 
parties to this Agreement or, when the context so requires, any other Person who, at such time, 
serves as the general partner of the Partnership, in its capacity as a general partner of the 
Partnership. References to the General Partner in this Agreement are to the General Partner 
acting for and on behalf of the Partnership. 
"HIRE Act" means the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010, as 
amended. 
"Incapacity" means, as to any Person, (i) the adjudication of incompetence or insanity, 
the filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or insolvency, the entry of an order of relief in 
any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or the entry of an order that such Person is bankrupt or 
insolvent, or (ii) the death, dissolution or termination (other than by merger or consolidation), as 
the case may be, of such Person. 
"Indemnified Person" means the General Partner, the Investment Manager, any 
Placement Agent, the Administrator, the custodian, any sub-advisor appointed by the Investment 
Manager or any other service provider to the Partnership, and any controlling Person, Affiliates, 
directors, members, officers, employees, delegates, agents, shareholders or legal representatives 
of any of them or their Affiliates. 
"Initial Closing Date" means the date on which the Partnership holds its initial closing. 
"Initial Limited Partner" has the meaning set forth in paragraph B of the recitals to this 
Agreement. 
"Interest" means the entire limited partner interest of a Limited Partner in the 
Partnership at any particular time, including the right of such Limited Partner to any and all 
benefits to which a Limited Partner may be entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with 
the obligations of such Limited Partner to comply with all the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109078 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255262 
EFTA01452176

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452177.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Invested Capital" shall mean, with respect to any Limited Partner, such Limited 
Partner's Capital Contributions made in respect of investments in the Master Fund that are still 
held by the Onshore Feeder Fund (to the extent such Capital Contributions have not been 
returned from distributions from the Master Fund), plus any amounts attributable to such Limited 
Partner that are reserved by the General Partner to fund future capital calls of the Master Fund. 
"Investment Company Act" means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, 
as amended from time to time. 
"Investment Expenses" include (i) any Master Fund Management Fees, organizational 
and operational expenses of the Master Fund and carried interest payable in respect of the Master 
Fund, and (ii) any other amounts charged by the Master Fund to the Partnership (by virtue of the 
Partnership being or becoming an investor in the Master Fund). 
"Investment Management Agreement" means the investment management agreement 
between the Partnership acting by the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as in effect 
from time to time. 
"Investment Manager" means the Person appointed by the General Partner for and on 
behalf of the Partnership to manage and administer the Partnership pursuant to the Investment 
Management Agreement, in such Person's capacity as the investment manager of the 
Partnership. The initial Investment Manager shall be Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
or an Affiliate. 
"Investment Period means the Investment Period of the Master Fund (as defined in the 
Master Fund LPA). 
"LIBOR" means the rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars for a period of three (3) months that 
appears on the Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on the date of determination. 
"Limited Partner" means each Person that executes a counterpart of this Agreement and 
becomes a Limited Partner as provided herein, so long as such Person continues as a Limited 
Partner and is reflected as such in the books and records of the Partnership, in each case in such 
Person's capacity as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, and "Limited Partners" means all 
such Persons. 
"Majority in Interest" means Limited Partners whose Capital Commitments to the 
Partnership represent, in the aggregate, over 50% of the aggregate Capital Commitments to the 
Partnership. 
"Master Fund" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP, an English limited 
partnership, together with any alternative investment vehicles and other parallel vehicles formed 
in accordance with the Master Fund LPA. 
"Master Fund Default" has the meaning specified in Section 5.03(b). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109079 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255263 
EFTA01452177

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452178.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Master Fund General Partner" means Leonardo Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
(GP) Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company acting as a general partner of the Master 
Fund. 
"Master Fund Management Fees" means the management fees payable by the 
Partnership as a limited partner of the Master Fund (i.e., the General Partner's Share (as defined 
in the Master Fund LPA)). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the 
extent that the Partnership receives a discount on the Master Fund Management Fees payable by 
the Partnership to the Master Fund in respect of any Limited Partner, such Limited Partner shall 
be entitled to the benefit of any such discount and the General Partner may make any 
adjustments to the contributions, distributions and allocations of the Limited Partners it deems 
necessary to give effect to such discount. 
"Master Fund LPA" means that Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of the Master Fund, dated as of December 2013, by and between the Master Fund 
General Partner, the Second Master Fund General Partner and the limited partners of the Master 
Fund, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
"Master Fund Side Letter" has the meaning set forth in Section 16.04. 
"Net Asset Value" means the total net assets of the Partnership as of the date of 
determination, calculated in accordance with Section 7.06. 
"Net Cash Flow" means cash received by the Partnership from any source (other than 
Capital Contributions), including Short-Term Distributions, net of any payments of, or 
reasonable reserves established for payment of, expenses and liabilities of the Partnership 
(including any unliquidated or contingent claims). 
"Net Profits" and "Net Losses" for any Fiscal Year or other period means, respectively, 
an amount equal to the income or loss, as computed for federal income tax purposes, with the 
following adjustments: 
(i) 
Any income of the Partnership which is exempt from federal income tax 
shall increase such taxable income or shall reduce such taxable loss; 
(ii) 
Any expenditures of the Partnership which are described in Section 
705(a)(2XB) of the Code, or treated as Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant to Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(bX2XivX1), shall reduce such taxable income or shall increase such taxable 
loss; 
(iii) 
For purposes of computing gain or loss (whether realized by reason of a 
sale or distribution) and depreciation and amortization, the basis of any property shall be equal to 
the amount shown on the Partnership's books; and 
(iv) 
Any deemed gain or deemed loss for book purposes resulting from the 
adjustment of the value of such property on the Partnership's books will be taken into account in 
computing such income or loss. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109080 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255264 
EFTA01452178

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452179.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Offshore Feeder Fund" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder 
Fund (International), L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership that may be formed to 
invest substantially all of its assets in the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in this Agreement, the General Partner may apply Section 3.04, Section 4.06 and Section 5.03 of 
this Agreement to the limited partners of the Offshore Feeder Fund on a look-through basis, as if 
such limited partner had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
"Onshore Feeder Fund" has the meaning set forth in paragraph B of the recitals to this 
Agreement. 
"Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees" means the management fee payable by the 
Partnership to the Investment Manager under the Investment Management Agreement. During 
the Investment Period, the Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees shall be an aggregate 
amount, calculated with respect to each Limited Partner equal to 0.75% per annum, of the 
Capital Commitment of such Limited Partner. From the termination of the Investment Period 
until the second anniversary of the termination of the Investment Period, the Onshore Feeder 
Fund Management Fees shall be an aggregate amount, calculated with respect to each Limited 
Partner equal to 0.50% per annum of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner. Thereafter, 
until the last day of the Term (including any extension thereof), the Onshore Feeder Fund 
Management Fees shall be an aggregate amount, calculated with respect to each Limited Partner 
of the greater of (A) 90% of the Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees attributable to such 
Limited Partner for the immediately preceding year and (B) 0.20% of the Invested Capital of 
such Limited Partner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the 
Investment Manager may, in its discretion, waive all or part of the Onshore Feeder Fund 
Management Fees in respect of any Limited Partner. 
"Operating Expenses" include costs and expenses associated with the ongoing 
operations of the Partnership, including, without limitation, administrative fees and expenses 
(including, without limitation, fees and expenses relating to online reporting), legal and 
recording fees and expenses, any interest, fees and expenses payable in respect of any Credit 
Facility, accounting, audit and tax preparation and other third-party provider expenses, including 
expenses related to tax reporting including under FATCA, reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of 
the Investment Manager, such as travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing 
management of the Partnership (including, without limitation, travel expenses associated with 
monitoring the Master Fund and its investments, attending meetings with the advisors to and 
investors in the Master Fund and attending meetings with Limited Partners, research-related 
expenses and the costs associated with the Investment Manager's database, whether internal or 
provided by a third party service provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and 
valuation purposes), the custodian's fee, the Administrator's fee and the General Partner's fee 
(including its operating expenses), tax (including withholding tax), litigation, insurance, 
indemnification and extraordinary expenses, Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees payable to 
the Investment Manager and amounts due under or in connection with a Credit Facility. 
"Organizational Expenses" include (i) all costs of organizing the Partnership and the 
Offshore Feeder Fund (including, but not limited to, all costs of registering the Offshore Feeder 
Fund, legal and accounting fees (including legal fees of the Master Fund to the extent that such 
fees are incurred in connection with the Onshore Feeder Fund's direct investment, or the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109081 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255265 
EFTA01452179

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452180.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Offshore Feeder Fund's indirect investment, in the Master Fund), tax advisory expenses, start-up 
expenses (including set up costs), expenses of the General Partner (including start-up expenses of 
the General Partner), and custodial, administrative and printing costs), and (ii) costs of the 
Partnership and the Offshore Feeder Fund associated with the offering of Interests in the Feeder 
Funds not borne by the Placement Agents (including marketing and marketing-related travel 
costs incurred by the Investment Manager, the Placement Agents and their affiliates and printing 
costs and certain legal and third-party provider costs, but excluding any placement fee charged 
by any Placement Agent, which is in addition to, and apart from, a Limited Partner's Capital 
Commitment). Organizational Expenses charged to the Partnership are expected to be 
approximately $800,000 in the aggregate. 
"Original Agreement" has the meaning set forth in paragraph B of the recitals to this 
Agreement. 
"Parallel Investment Entity" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.04. 
"Partner" means a Limited Partner or the General Partner at such time and "Partners" 
shall mean the General Partner and all the Limited Partners, unless otherwise indicated. 
"Partnership" has the meaning set forth in paragraph B of the recitals to this Agreement. 
"Partnership Counsel" has the meaning set forth in Section 16.10. 
"Pass-Thru Partner" has the meaning set forth in Section 14.04. 
"Percentage Interest" means, with respect to a Limited Partner, the ratio of (i) the 
Capital Commitment of such Limited Partner to (ii) the total Capital Commitments of all Limited 
Partners, subject to any adjustment made pursuant to Section 5.03. 
"Person" means any individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, 
unincorporated organization or association, trust (including the trustees thereof in their capacity 
as such) or other entity (including any governmental entity), whether organized under the laws of 
(or, in the case of individuals, resident in) the United States (or any political subdivision thereof) 
or any foreign jurisdiction. 
"Placement Agent" means certain Persons (including certain Affiliates of Deutsche 
Bank) acting as placement agent for the Partnership. 
"Placement Agent Agreement" means the agreement between the applicable Placement 
Agent and the Partnership, as amended from time to time. 
"Plan Asset Regulations" means the regulations issued by the U.S. Department of Labor 
at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the Code of U.S. Federal 
Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or any successor regulations. 
"Regulations" has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(c). 
"Regulatory Allocations" has the meaning specified in Section 6.02O). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109082 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255266 
EFTA01452180

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452181.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
"Term" has the meaning specified in Section 2.02. 
"Transfer" has the meaning specified in Section 10.01(a). 
"Value" has the meaning specified in Section 7.06. 
Section 1.02. 
Rules of Construction. All references to articles, sections and schedules 
are to articles, sections and schedules in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Unless 
otherwise specified: (i) all meanings attributed to defined terms in this Agreement shall be 
equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms so defined, and (ii) 
"including" means "including, without limitation." All accounting terms not specifically defined 
in this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as the same may be modified in 
this Agreement. 
ARTICLE 2 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Section 2.01. 
Name. The name of the Partnership is "Secondary Opportunities Fund 
HI Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P." The business of the Partnership may be conducted, 
upon compliance with all applicable laws, under any other name designated by the General 
Partner; provided that such name (i) contains the words "Limited Partnership" or the 
abbreviation "L.P." and (ii) shall not contain the name of any Limited Partner or its Affiliates 
without the consent of such Limited Partner. The General Partner shall give the Limited Partners 
reasonable notice of such other name promptly following commencement of the conduct of 
Partnership business under such name. The Partnership was formed pursuant to the Delaware 
Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, De. Code Tit. 6, Section 17-101 et m, (as amended 
from time to time, the "Act") upon the filing for record of a Certificate of Limited Partnership 
filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
Section 2.02. 
Term. The term of the Partnership (the "Term") commenced upon the 
filing of a Certificate of Limited Partnership with the office of the Secretary of State of the State 
of Delaware and shall continue in full force and effect until the date that is six (6) months after 
the termination of the Master Fund's term or as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 
Section 2.03. 
Registered Agent and Office. The Partnership's registered agent and 
office in the State of Delaware shall be c/o Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville 
Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19808. The General Partner may at 
any time designate another registered agent and/or registered office. 
Section 2.04. 
Admission of Limited Partners. (a) On the Initial Closing Date, each 
Person named on Schedule A shall become a Limited Partner and shall be shown as such on the 
books and records of the Partnership. In connection with its admission as a Partner, each 
Limited Partner admitted to the Partnership on the Initial Closing Date shall make Capital 
Contributions to the Partnership, pro rata based on the respective Percentage Interest of such 
Limited Partner, in an amount designated by the General Partner, which amount will include (i) 
amounts necessary to fund any capital calls previously made by the Master Fund, (ii) amounts to 
be used to establish the Funding Reserve, and (iii) amounts necessary to fund current Feeder 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109084 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255268 
EFTA01452181

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452182.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Fund Expenses, and each additional Limited Partner admitted to the Partnership at a Subsequent 
Closing shall make Capital Contributions to the Partnership in accordance with Section 2.04(c). 
In addition, each Limited Partner admitted on the Initial Closing Date shall pay the placement fee 
specified in its Subscription Agreement in full on the Initial Closing Date and such payment shall 
not reduce such Limited Partner's Remaining Capital Commitment. 
(b) 
The Limited Partners expressly agree that the General Partner may in its 
discretion cause the Partnership to admit additional or substituted Limited Partners or allow 
existing Limited Partners to increase their Capital Commitment (i) at any time until and 
including the Final Admission Date of the Master Fund (as defined in the Master Fund LPA) 
(any such admission pursuant to this clause (i), a "Subsequent Closing"), (ii) in connection with 
a Default by a Limited Partner, in accordance with Section 5.03, (iii) in connection with a 
Transfer, in accordance with Article 10, or (iv) in connection with a transfer of a Limited 
Partner's Interest from a Parallel Investment Entity in accordance with Section 3.04 or from the 
Offshore Feeder Fund in accordance with Section 10.01. Each such additional or substituted 
Limited Partner shall become a Limited Partner upon compliance with the provisions of Section 
10.02(b). The admission of any additional or substituted Limited Partner to the Partnership or 
the increase of a Limited Partner's Capital Commitment shall not require the approval of any 
Limited Partner. 
(c) 
Each additional Limited Partner admitted to the Partnership at a Subsequent 
Closing and each existing Limited Partner increasing its Capital Commitment, only with respect 
to the amount of such increase, shall be required, in connection with such Subsequent Closing, to 
the extent not covered by the second sentence of this Section 2.04(c), (i) to fund (x) its 
Percentage Interest of Capital Contributions made prior to the date of its admission with respect 
to the Feeder Fund Expenses (excluding the Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees and the 
Investment Expenses), and (y) an amount equal to Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees that 
would have been payable in respect of such Limited Partner had such Limited Partner been 
admitted, or had committed to its total Capital Commitment, to the Partnership on the Initial 
Closing Date, and (ii) to pay to the Partnership, for the account of (x) Limited Partners that 
participated in prior closings (with respect to such Feeder Fund Expenses (other than the 
Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fee)) and (y) the Investment Manager (with respect to such 
Capital Contributions used to pay Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees), interest on the 
amount payable pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 2.04(c) at the rate equal to the higher of (A) 
LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% (the "Subsequent Close Rate"), calculated on the basis of a 360-
day year from the date the Capital Commitments to fund such items were initially drawn-down 
to the date the Limited Partner makes its first Capital Contribution in connection with such 
Subsequent Closing. In addition, each Limited Partner admitted to the Partnership at a 
Subsequent Closing or each existing Limited Partner increasing its Capital Commitment with 
respect to the amount of such increase, shall be required, in connection with such Subsequent 
Closing, to fund an amount equal to the amount drawn-down from the Partnership by the Master 
Fund in connection with the admission of such additional Limited Partner or increase in Capital 
Commitments of such existing Limited Partner and related increase in the Partnership's 
commitment to the Master Fund (which amount is expected to include an interest component at 
the Subsequent Closing Rate). Limited Partners who increase their Capital Commitment or are 
admitted at Subsequent Closings may also be required by the General Partner to make additional 
Capital Contributions to fund the Funding Reserve. Amounts paid by a Limited Partner pursuant 
1I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109085 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255269 
EFTA01452182

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452183.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
to clause (ii) above and the interest component payable in respect of amounts drawn-down by the 
Master Fund shall not reduce such Limited Partner's Remaining Capital Commitment and shall 
be (x) in respect of amounts payable for the account of Limited Partners, refunded or credited to 
the account of the Limited Partners not participating in such Subsequent Closing in accordance 
with their respective Percentage Interests and (y) in respect of amounts payable in respect of 
Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees, paid to the Investment Manager and not refunded or 
credited to Limited Partners. In addition, any Limited Partner admitted at a Subsequent Closing 
shall be required to pay the placement fee specified in its Subscription Agreement in full at such 
closing and such payment shall not reduce such Limited Partner's Remaining Capital 
Commitment. 
(d) 
On the Initial Closing Date, immediately following the admission of any other 
Person as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, the Initial Limited Partner shall be deemed to 
have withdrawn from the Partnership. Upon such withdrawal, the Initial Limited Partner shall 
cease to be a Limited Partner of the Partnership and shall have no further Interest in the 
Partnership. The Initial Limited Partner shall be entitled to receive the return of its capital 
contribution, if any, without interest or deduction. 
Section 2.05. 
Security Interest. As security for the payment and performance of its 
obligations under this Agreement (including its obligation to make Capital Contributions), each 
Limited Partner hereby assigns to the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns (including any 
Person to which the Partnership may assign such obligations as collateral for any borrowings), as 
a continuing security by way of first fixed charge, all of such Limited Partner's right, title, 
benefit and interest in and to such Limited Partner's Interest. If a Default shall have occurred 
and be continuing, the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns may exercise all the rights of a 
secured party under applicable law, including the power to sell or otherwise dispose of, for any 
consideration as the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns shall think fit, the whole or any 
part of such Limited Partner's Interest. Upon request of the Partnership, and to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, each Limited Partner shall give, execute, file and record any 
notice, financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument, document or agreement 
that the Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may consider necessary or desirable to create, 
perfect, continue or validate the security interest granted hereby, or which the Partnership or the 
Partnership's assigns may consider necessary or desirable to exercise or enforce its rights 
hereunder with respect to such security interest. 
ARTICLE 3 
PURPOSES AND POWERS 
Section 3.01. 
Purposes. The sole purpose of the Partnership is to invest in the Master 
Fund and, pending utilization, disbursement or distribution of the Partnership's funds or while 
such funds are part of the Funding Reserve, hold such funds in cash or invest such funds in U.S. 
Treasury instruments, money market instruments or other instruments that the General Partner 
may deem suitable, in its sole discretion, for cash management purposes. Subject to the terms of 
this Agreement, the Partnership may engage in any and all activities necessary, desirable or 
incidental to the accomplishment of the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, in connection 
with the Partnership's investment in the Master Fund, for purposes of this Agreement, any 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109086 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255270 
EFTA01452183

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452184.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
reference to capital calls by the Master Fund and capital contributions by the Onshore Feeder 
Fund to the Master Fund refer to any amounts required to be "contributed," "funded" or 
"advanced" to the Master Fund, as described in the Master Fund LPA. 
Section 3.02. 
Powers. The Partnership shall have the power and authority to take any 
and all actions necessary, appropriate, desirable, advisable, incidental or convenient to, or for the 
furtherance of, the purposes of the Partnership as set forth herein, including (i) to commit to the 
Master Fund an aggregate amount in excess of the aggregate Capital Commitments solely to 
cover expenses of the Feeder Funds and Defaults, or (ii) to borrow funds, in an aggregate amount 
up to 20% of the aggregate Capital Commitments for purposes of temporarily funding all or any 
portion of any Feeder Fund Expenses or capital calls by the Muter Fund in advance of receipt of 
such amounts from the Limited Partners and to cover Defaults by Limited Partners or over-
commitments to the Master Fund as described in clause (i) of this Section 3.02. Without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing, the Partnership may enter into a credit facility with a third party 
(the "Credit Facility"). The Partnership, and the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership 
(and, to the extent authorized by the General Partner, the Investment Manager on behalf of the 
General Partner), may enter into and perform any Subscription Agreement, Placement Agent 
Agreement, any subscription agreement, the Master Fund LPA or any other agreement relating to 
the Master Fund, and all documents contemplated thereby or related thereto, and all amendments 
thereto, all without any further act, vote or approval of any Person, including any Limited 
Partner, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement. The authorization set forth in 
the preceding sentence shall not be deemed a restriction on the power and authority of the 
General Partner and the Investment Manager to enter into other agreements and documents on 
behalf of the Partnership. 
Section 3.03. 
Mx Treatment. It is the intention of the Partners that the Partnership be 
treated as a partnership, and not as an association taxable as a corporation, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither the 
General Partner nor any Limited Partner shall take any action inconsistent with such treatment, 
including the filing of any election to treat the Partnership as a corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. 
Section 3.04. Parallel Investment Entities. The General Partner, the Investment 
Manager (or its Affiliates) may establish one or more additional entities (each, a "Parallel 
Investment Entity") to invest side-by-side with the Partnership in the Master Fund, in order to 
facilitate, from a legal, tax or regulatory standpoint, the making of an investment in the Master 
Fund by certain categories of investors and the General Partner may (i) require one or more 
Limited Partners to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted as a limited partner of a 
Parallel Investment Entity and transfer a proportionate share of the Partnership's assets and 
liabilities to such Parallel Investment Entity and (ii) admit one or more limited partners of a 
Parallel Investment Entity and acquire a proportionate share of such Parallel Investment Entity's 
assets and liabilities to the Partnership; provided that no Limited Partner shall be required to 
participate in any Parallel Investment Entity if such participation would result in material adverse 
consequences for such Limited Partner which would not have resulted from such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership (with any adverse consequences to a Limited Partner's 
economic rights and obligations hereunder being deemed "material" for purposes of this Section 
3.04). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109087 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255271 
EFTA01452184

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452185.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
ARTICLE 4 
LIMITED PARTNERS 
Section 4.01. 
General. The names and Capital Commitments of the Limited Partners 
are set forth on Schedule A hereto, and the addresses of, and other information for notices to, the 
Limited Partners are set forth in the Partnership's records, in each case as amended from time to 
time. Upon the execution (including by power of attorney or by authorized representative) of 
this Agreement or a counterpart of this Agreement and such other documents as the General 
Partner may require, each Person named as a Limited Partner of the Partnership on Schedule A 
hereto shall be admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner. A Limited Partner will cease to 
be a Limited Partner when such Person ceases to own an Interest in the Partnership and is no 
longer reflected as a Limited Partner on Schedule A hereto. Any amendment or revision to 
Schedule A hereto or to the Partnership's records to reflect information regarding Limited 
Partners shall not be deemed an amendment to this Agreement. 
Section 4.02. 
Limited Rights. No Limited Partner, as such, shall participate or take 
part in the management or control of the Partnership business, or shall have any power or 
authority to act for or on behalf of, or to bind, the Partnership. The Limited Partners shall not 
have any right to bring derivative or other actions on behalf of the Partnership except as 
otherwise provided under the Act. 
Section 4.03. 
Nature of a Limited Partner's Interest. A Limited Partner's Interest shall 
for all purposes be personal property. A Limited Partner has no interest in specific Partnership 
ProPerty-
Section 4.04. 
No Other Persons Deemed Limited Partners. Unless admitted to the 
Partnership as a Limited Partner, as provided in this Agreement, no Person shall be, or shall be 
considered, a Limited Partner. The Partnership need only deal with Persons so admitted as 
Limited Partners. The Partnership shall not be required to deal with any other Person merely 
because of an assignment or transfer of an Interest to such Person; provided that any distribution 
made by the Partnership to the Person shown on the Partnership's records as a Limited Partner or 
to its legal representatives, or to the assignee of the right to receive Partnership distributions as 
provided herein, shall relieve the Partnership of all liability to any other Person who may be 
interested in such distribution by reason of any other assignment by the Limited Partner, or for 
any other reason. 
Section 4.05. 
Partition; No Priority. Each Limited Partner waives any and all rights 
that it may have to maintain an action for partition of the Partnership's property. Except as 
otherwise provided herein, no Limited Partner shall have priority over any other Limited Partner 
either as to the return of the amount of its Capital Contributions to the Partnership or as to any 
distribution or any allocation of net profit and net loss. 
Section 4.06. 
No Withdrawal; Compulsory Transfer of Interest. (a) No Limited 
Partner shall be permitted to borrow, or make a withdrawal of, any portion of the Capital 
Contributions made by it to the Partnership. No Limited Partner shall have a right to withdraw 
or retire from the Partnership other than with the consent of the General Partner pursuant to a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109088 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255272 
EFTA01452185

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452186.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Transfer of all of its Interest made in accordance with Article 10, and no withdrawal or 
retirement shall dissolve or terminate the Partnership. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that the 
General Partner or the Investment Manager (or an Affiliate thereof) learns at any time that a 
Limited Partner is a Person with whom any dealings would be prohibited under any law or 
regulation applicable to Deutsche Bank or any of its Affiliates, or with whom dealing would 
present an unacceptable reputational risk for the Investment Manager, Deutsche Bank or any of 
their respective Affiliates, such Limited Partner's Interest shall be subject to forfeiture to the 
Partnership or to otherwise compulsory repurchase or Transfer, with or without compensation, 
and no further distributions with respect to such forfeited, repurchased or transferred Interest 
shall be made. The General Partner may also subject a Limited Partner's Interest to compulsory 
repurchase or Transfer, with or without compensation, in circumstances in which, in the opinion 
of the General Partner or Investment Manager, such Limited Partner's holding an Interest might 
result in the Partnership, its assets, the General Partner or the Investment Manager suffering any 
legal, monetary, regulatory, tax or material administrative disadvantage which it might not 
otherwise have incurred or suffered. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, the General Partner and the Investment Manager shall have the sole discretion to 
apply the provisions of this Section 4.06(b) to each investor of the Offshore Feeder Fund on a 
look-through basis. 
ARTICLE 5 
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS BY LIMITED PARTNERS 
Section 5.01. 
Capital Contributions. Each Limited Partner shall make Capital 
Contributions to the Partnership from time to time as specified by the General Partner in the 
manner hereinafter set forth. The aggregate amount of Capital Contributions required to be 
made to the Partnership by a Limited Partner at a particular time shall not exceed such Limited 
Partner's Remaining Capital Commitment at that time. The General Partner shall not be required 
to make any Capital Contributions to the Partnership or to lend any funds to the Partnership, but 
the General Partner may in its sole discretion elect to do so. 
Section 5.02. 
Drawdowns. (a) Each Limited Partner shall make Capital Contributions 
to the Partnership in such amounts and at such times as the General Partner shall specify in 
notices ("Drawdown Notices") sent from time to time to such Limited Partner. The General 
Partner may require Capital Contributions to fund the Partnership's share of capital calls made 
by the Master Fund, including in respect of Investment Expenses, to establish the Funding 
Reserve, to fund Feeder Fund Expenses (including Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees and 
all amounts payable under any Credit Facility), to fund any withholding or other tax liability, and 
as may be required by the Partnership to comply with any of its obligations to provide 
indemnification to any Person. All Capital Contributions shall be paid to the Partnership in 
immediately available funds in U.S. Dollars by 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date 
specified in the applicable Drawdown Notice. 
(b) 
Each Drawdown Notice shall specify: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109089 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255273 
EFTA01452186

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452187.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(ii) 
cause the Transfer of up to 100% of the defaulting Limited Partner's 
Interest to (X) any one or more non-defaulting Limited Partners at the highest price 
offered by such other Limited Partner(s), or (Y) to any third party or parties acceptable to 
the General Partner or the Investment Manager, who shall offer a higher price and would 
otherwise qualify for admission as a Limited Partner of the Partnership; provided that in 
no event will the Investment Manager have any obligation to maximize the price payable 
by any party to the Defaulting Limited Partner, seek additional bidders or otherwise 
consider the interests of the Defaulting Limited Partner, 
(iii) 
reduce the defaulting Limited Partner's Interest to an amount equal to the 
lesser of (A) an amount that such Interest represents of the Net Asset Value and (B) the 
aggregate Capital Contributions made by such Limited Partner in respect thereof reduced 
by such Limited Partner's Percentage Interest of Feeder Fund Expenses and losses (if 
any) of the Partnership; 
(iv) 
cause the defaulting Limited Partner not to share in any income or gain 
realized by the Partnership while continuing to be responsible for its Percentage Interest 
of losses and Feeder Fund Expenses; 
(v) 
charge interest on the amount for which the Limited Partner is in default at 
LIBOR plus 8%; 
(vi) 
prohibit the defaulting Limited Partner from participating in any future 
capital calls; 
(vii) 
reduce the Remaining Capital Commitment of the defaulting Limited 
Partner to zero or such other amount as the General Partner may determine in its sole 
discretion; and 
(viii) take such other actions as the General Partner may determine are 
necessary, desirable or appropriate. 
(b) 
In addition to and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the 
General Partner (or its assigns, including the Investment Manager) may, in its sole discretion, 
exercise any remedy in respect of the defaulting Limited Partner and/or the Interest of the 
defaulting Limited Partner that could have been exercised (i) by the General Partner if the 
provisions of the Master Fund LPA were contained herein in their entirety, mons mutandis 
and/or (ii) by the Master Fund General Partner if the defaulting Limited Partner were a limited 
partner under the Master Fund LPA. In addition, in the event that the defaulting Limited 
Partner's Default results in or contributes to a default by the Partnership under the Master Fund 
LPA (a "Master Fund Default"), the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, to the 
maximum extent possible, specially allocate any losses, damages, liabilities, remedies, costs or 
expenses relating to or arising out of the Master Fund Default directly to the defaulting Limited 
Partner's Interest. Each Limited Partner acknowledges that if it becomes a defaulting Limited 
Partner, the application of this Section 5.03 to it could result in the forfeiture of all or 
substantially all of its Interest in the Partnership and/or the loss of all or substantially all of the 
economic and other benefits of owning an Interest in the Partnership. Each Limited Partner 
agrees and acknowledges that in the event of a Master Fund Default, pursuant to the Master Fund 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109091 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255275 
EFTA01452187

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452188.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 5.05. 
Assignment of Capital Contributions. The General Partner is hereby 
specifically authorized to assign as security for indebtedness or other obligations of the 
Partnership (i) all or a portion of the aggregate unfunded Capital Commitments of the Limited 
Partners and (ii) all of the Partnership's and the General Partner's rights relating to the unfunded 
Capital Commitments, including without limitation, the right to deliver Drawdown Notices, to 
receive payment of Capital Contributions, to exercise all rights of the Partnership with respect to 
unfunded Capital Commitments and to enforce all remedies against Limited Partners that fail to 
fund their respective unfunded Capital Commitments pursuant to and in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement; provided that the liability of the Limited Partners to make Capital 
Contributions shall not be increased thereby. Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to execute and 
deliver any documentation reasonably requested to facilitate any such assignment, including an 
agreement to be bound by such assignment. 
Section 5.06. Liability of Limited Partners. Except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement (or as provided by law), no Limited Partner (or former Limited Partner) shall be 
obligated to make any contribution of capital or other payment to the Partnership or have any 
liability for the debts and obligations of the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 6 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATION PROVISIONS; ELECTIONS; CERTAIN 
EXPENSES 
Section 6.01. 
Capital Accounts. There shall be established in respect of each Partner a 
separate capital account in the books and records of the Partnership (each, a "Capital Account"), 
to which the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
The Capital Account maintained in respect of each Partner shall be in an amount 
equal to the amount such Partner contributed pursuant to its Capital Commitment in cash or in 
kind (and will not include any placement fee) and (x) shall be increased to reflect (1) any 
additional Capital Contribution made in cash or in kind by such Partner pursuant to its Capital 
Commitment, (2) Net Profit of the Partnership allocated to the Partner as provided in Section 
6.01(b) and (3) the amount of any credit to such Partner's Capital Account made, in the 
discretion of the General Partner, to allocate equitably expenses of the Partnership among the 
Partners, and (y) shall be decreased by (1) any distributions made in cash by the Partnership in 
respect of such Partner's Capital Account, (2) the Value of any property distributed in kind by 
the Partnership to such Partner (net of any liabilities assumed by the Partner or to which such 
property is subject), (3) any amount due in respect of any advance made by the Partnership to 
such Partner from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and not 
repaid upon demand or treated by the General Partner as a distribution, (4) the amount of any 
debit to such Partner's Capital Account made in the discretion of the General Partner to allocate 
equitably expenses of the Partnership among the Partners, and (5) the Net Loss of the 
Partnership allocated to the Partner as provided in Section 6.01(b). 
(b) 
At the end of each Fiscal Period, the Capital Account maintained in respect of 
each Partner shall be adjusted by crediting the Net Profit and debiting the Net Loss, as the case 
may be, of the Partnership for such Fiscal Period to such Partner's Capital Account in an amount 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109093 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255277 
EFTA01452188

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452189.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(g) 
For all purposes of this Agreement, any property (other than cash) that is 
distributed or to be distributed in kind to one or more Partners (or to any Approved Agent on 
behalf of a Partner) for a Fiscal Period (including any non-cash asset which shall be deemed 
distributed immediately prior to the dissolution and winding up of the Partnership so as to permit 
the unrealized gain or loss inherent in such assets to be allocated to the Partners), or that is 
constructively distributed on termination of the Partnership pursuant to Section 708(b)(1XB) of 
the Code, shall be deemed to have been sold for cash equal to its Value, and the unrealized gain 
or loss inherent in such assets shall be treated as recognized gain or loss for purposes of 
determining the Net Profits and Net Loss to be allocated pursuant to Section 6.01 for such Fiscal 
Period. 
(h) 
In the event of a distribution of Partnership property to a Partner (or to an 
Approved Agent on behalf of a Partner) or an assignment or other Transfer (including by reason 
of death) of all or part of the Interest of a Partner, at the request of a Partner (which an Approved 
Agent may make on behalf of such Partner), the General Partner, or a Person designated by the 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, may cause the Partnership to elect, pursuant to Section 754 
of the Code, or the corresponding provision of subsequent law, to adjust the basis of the assets of 
such Partnership as provided by Sections 734 and 743 of the Code. 
Section 6.03. 
Elections. Subject to Section 3.03, all tax elections required or permitted 
to be made by the Partnership under applicable tax law, and all material decisions with respect to 
(i) taxation of the Partnership or the Limited Partners with respect to their Interests, (ii) the 
calculation of the Partnership's taxable income or loss and (iii) accounting procedures shall be 
made by the General Partner in its sole discretion. The determinations of the General Partner 
with respect to the treatment of any item will be binding on all of the Limited Partners. 
Section 6.04. 
Certain Expenses. To the extent any tax information or return is 
required to be prepared by the General Partner or the Partnership because of the identity or 
jurisdiction of a Limited Partner or the failure of the Limited Partner to provide any information, 
the economic cost of all expenses incurred by the General Partner or the Partnership to carry out 
such responsibilities, or the costs of any other expenses incurred by the General Partner or the 
Partnership that are otherwise attributable to any specific Limited Partner, shall not be treated as 
Operating Expenses and instead shall be charged by the General Partner, in its discretion, to such 
Limited Partner. The General Partner may hold back or offset any cash distributions payable to 
such Limited Partner to satisfy the Limited Partner's obligation under this Section 6.04. All 
amounts that the General Partner withholds or otherwise pays on behalf of such Limited Partner 
shall be treated as if such amounts were distributed to the Limited Partner pursuant to Section 
7.01. 
ARTICLE 7 
DISTRIBUTIONS; VALUATION 
Section 7.01. 
Distributions. (a) Net Cash Flow shall be distributed to the Partners (or 
Persons for whom an Approved Agent is recorded on the books and records of the Partnership as 
nominee or agent, notwithstanding that the Partner is not recorded on the books and records) in 
accordance with this Section 7.01. Such amounts, if material, as determined in the sole 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109096 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255280 
EFTA01452189

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452190.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
relevant. When distributions are made in kind, they will be treated as cash for purposes of 
applying the distribution provisions. 
(b) If any Partner (or an Approved Agent on behalf of a Partner) notifies the General 
Partner (or other liquidator) that such Partner is prohibited by applicable law or regulation from 
holding directly the property to be distributed in kind or the holding of such property by such 
Partner would have a material adverse effect on such Partner, subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the General Partner (or such liquidator) in its discretion may permit such Partner 
(or an Approved Agent on behalf of such Partner) to designate any other Person to receive such 
distribution or may, in lieu of making such distribution in kind to such Partner and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, use its good faith efforts to sell such property on such Partner's 
behalf on terms acceptable to such Partner and, upon such sale, the General Partner shall 
promptly distribute to such Partner (or to an Approved Agent on behalf of such Partner) the net 
proceeds (after deducting expenses) of such sale. Such Partner shall hold harmless the General 
Partner, the Partnership and their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, members, partners, 
equity holders, managers, employees, representatives and agents from any loss, claim, damage or 
expense by reason of acts, omissions or errors in judgment taken in connection with such sale. 
Section 7.04. 
Withholding. (a) Notwithstanding anything else contained in this 
Agreement, the General Partner may in its sole discretion withhold from any distribution of cash 
or property in kind to any Partner, the following amounts: 
(i) 
any U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax required to be withheld; 
(ii) 
any amounts due from such Partner to the Partnership, the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager or to any other Person or otherwise attributable to such 
Partner to the extent not otherwise paid (including such Partner's share of Onshore 
Feeder Fund Management Fees, indemnification amounts, any Feeder Fund Expenses and 
any Default amounts or payments); 
(iii) 
any amounts due from such Partner to the Partnership, the General Partner 
or the Investment Manager or to any Person (including the General Partner) in respect of 
the principal amount of (and any interest, fees or other expenses with respect to) any 
borrowing incurred or advances made as contemplated in this Agreement, in each case to 
the extent not otherwise paid; 
(iv) 
any amounts required to pay, or to reimburse (on a net after-tax basis) any 
Indemnified Person for the payment of, any taxes and related expenses that the General 
Partner in good faith determines to be properly attributable to such Partner (including 
non-refundable withholding taxes and interest, pre-estimated liquidated damages and 
expenses incurred in respect thereof); 
(v) 
any amounts necessary to maintain appropriate reserves for expenses and 
liabilities, including the Funding Reserve and any other amounts the General Partner 
determines in its discretion are necessary to maintain the Partnership in sound financial 
and cash position for any and all liabilities and obligations; and 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109098 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255282 
EFTA01452190

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452191.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(b) 
The Investment Manager may adjust the Value of any property or security if, 
having regard to currency, applicable rate of interest, maturity, marketability and other 
considerations it deems relevant, it considers that such adjustment is required to reflect the fair 
value thereof. 
ARTICLE 8 
MANAGEMENT 
Section 8.01. 
Authority of the General Partner. (a) Subject to the limitations set forth 
in this Section 8.01, the General Partner is hereby vested with the right, power and discretion to 
manage the business and affairs of the Partnership, to make all decisions affecting the business 
and affairs of the Partnership and to take such actions as it deems necessary or appropriate to 
accomplish the purposes of the Partnership as set forth herein. Subject to the limitations set forth 
in this Section 8.01, the General Partner shall have all of the rights and powers of a general 
partner of a limited partnership under the Act and otherwise as provided by law. It is understood 
that none of the Master Fund General Partner, the Second Master Fund General Partner or any of 
their respective Affiliates will manage, control or advise the Partnership. 
(b) 
Whenever the Limited Partners of the Partnership are requested or required to 
vote on or approve any proposal, the General Partner will solicit the Consent of the Limited 
Partners and approve any such matter, as instructed by the Limited Partners in the same 
proportion as voted by the Limited Partners on the basis of the Interests held by each Limited 
Partner. For the avoidance of doubt, the Offshore Feeder Fund and any other feeder fund that is 
a Limited Partner, shall be allowed to vote its Interests on a fractional basis, as per the 
instructions of the limited partners or members of the Feeder Fund or other feeder fund. 
Whenever the Partnership has voting or consent rights with respect to its interest in the Master 
Fund, the Investment Manager will solicit instructions from the Limited Partners prior to 
exercising such rights on behalf of the Partnership. The Investment Manager will not cast a 
divided vote on behalf of the Partnership and will instead cast a single vote with respect to the 
Partnership's entire interest based on the preferences expressed by a majority in Interest of the 
votes received from Limited Partners following any solicitation (based on Capital 
Commitments). To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Limited Partner agrees that if an 
instruction is not received from such Limited Partner with respect to the exercise of any such 
voting or consent rights, the portion of the interest held by the Partnership in the Master Fund 
that corresponds to the Percentage Interest attributable to such Limited Partner shall be voted in 
accordance with the voting instructions received from a majority in Interest of those Limited 
Partners (based on Capital Commitments) that responded to the solicitation for instructions. 
(c) 
In entering into this Agreement and fulfilling its obligations hereunder, the 
General Partner is acting solely in its capacity as general partner of the Partnership. 
Section 8.02. 
Duties of the General Partner. The General Partner shall be required to 
devote to the Partnership only so much time as shall be necessary to conduct the Partnership 
business and affairs in an appropriate manner. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109100 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255284 
EFTA01452191

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452192.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Section 8.03. 
Removal and Replacement of the General Partner. By the Consent of a 
Majority in Interest of Limited Partners, the General Partner may be removed and replaced, 
without prejudice to any continuing rights of the General Partner under this Agreement, with or 
without cause, on not less than thirty (30) days' prior written notice, which notice shall specify a 
replacement general partner that has agreed to serve as the General Partner of the Partnership. 
The replacement general partner shall be admitted as a general partner of the Partnership 
immediately prior to the removal of the General Partner. The General Partner shall call a vote to 
remove the General Partner of the Partnership upon the request of Limited Partners representing 
an aggregate Percentage Interest of 50% or more (excluding any Capital Commitments of 
defaulting Limited Partners). 
Section 8.04. 
Power to Delegate to the Investment Manager: Removal of the 
Investment Manager. (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 8.05, the General Partner shall 
have the power and authority to delegate some or all of its rights, powers and duties under this 
Agreement to the Investment Manager pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement. In 
addition, the General Partner shall have the power and authority to delegate some or all of its 
rights, powers and duties to an investment advisor. 
(b) 
The General Partner shall, upon no less than thirty (30) days' prior written notice 
to the Investment Manager, remove the Investment Manager and terminate the Investment 
Management Agreement, if so directed by a Limited Partners representing an aggregate 
Percentage Interest of 66% or more. The General Partner shall call a vote to remove the 
Investment Manager of the Partnership upon the request of Limited Partners representing an 
aggregate Percentage Interest of 50% or more (excluding any Capital Commitments of defaulting 
Limited Partners). 
(c) 
During any period, if any, when an Investment Manager is not engaged by the 
Partnership, and pending appointment of a new Investment Manager, the General Partner shall 
have the power and authority to make determinations and take actions that would otherwise be 
made or taken by the Investment Manager under this Agreement; provided that, the General 
Partner shall ensure that a replacement investment manager is appointed as promptly as 
practicable following any removal or termination of the Investment Manager. 
Section 8.05. 
Powers Retained by the General Partner. Notwithstanding any 
delegation effected pursuant to Section 8.04, the General Partner shall retain the power and 
authority to: 
(i) 
monitor the performance by the Investment Manager of its administrative, 
investment advisory, managerial and other delegated responsibilities pursuant to the 
Investment Management Agreement; 
(ii) 
on not less than 30 days' prior written notice to the Investment Manager, 
remove the Investment Manager in accordance with Section 8.04(b) and/or the 
Investment Management Agreement; 
(iii) 
remove the Investment Manager in its sole discretion; and 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109101 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255285 
EFTA01452192

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452193.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(iv) 
if the Investment Manager resigns or is removed, engage a successor 
investment manager to serve as Investment Manager, subject to the Consent of a Majority 
in Interest of Limited Partners. 
Section 8.06. Initial Investment Manager. Pursuant to Section 8.04 and the Investment 
Management Agreement, the General Partner will appoint Deutsche Bank Trust Company 
Americas or its Affiliate as the initial Investment Manager, and has delegated to the Investment 
Manager all of the General Partner's rights, duties and powers that are not expressly reserved to 
the General Partner pursuant to Section 8.05. Each of the Limited Partners hereby Consents to 
such appointment and delegation and shall not take any position or action inconsistent therewith. 
In furtherance of such appointment and delegation, but subject to the terms of the Investment 
Management Agreement, the Investment Manager shall have fill discretion and authority to 
undertake and perform any and all acts deemed necessary or appropriate by it in connection with 
the management and administration of the Partnership, and the Investment Manager shall have 
the ability to delegate such rights, duties and powers granted to it under this Section 8.06 to any 
of its Affiliates. Third parties dealing with the Partnership may rely conclusively upon any 
certificate of the Investment Manager to the effect that it is acting on behalf of the Partnership. 
The signature of the Investment Manager shall be sufficient to bind the Partnership. The 
Investment Manager may be removed or resign as Investment Manager as provided in the 
Investment Management Agreement and Section 8.04. 
Section 8.07. 
Outside Businesses. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the 
rights of Deutsche Bank, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their Affiliates, 
including any director, officer or employee of such Person, to engage in or possess an interest in 
or provide advice to other investments, business ventures or Persons of any kind or description, 
independently or with others, similar or dissimilar to the investments or business of the 
Partnership or the Master Fund, including business ventures or Persons which compete, directly 
or indirectly, with the Partnership or the Master Fund, or from engaging in other activities for 
profit, and any of them may, in the future, engage in or provide advice to such investments, 
business ventures or Persons. Neither the Partnership nor the Limited Partners will have any 
rights or interests in such other investments, business ventures or Persons or the income or 
profits derived therefrom by virtue of this Agreement or by reason of the acquisition of Interests, 
and neither Deutsche Bank, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or their respective 
Affiliates shall have any obligation to disclose to the Partnership or the Limited Partners such 
investment activities. It is specifically acknowledged in this regard that Deutsche Bank, the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager and their respective Affiliates perform similar 
administrative and management services for various clients. 
Section 8.08. 
Expenses of the Partnership. The Partnership shall bear and be charged 
with all Feeder Fund Expenses. Organizational Expenses will be allocated to the Partnership and 
will be borne pro rata by all Limited Partners (including limited partners of the Offshore Feeder 
Fund). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109102 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255286 
EFTA01452193

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452194.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
ARTICLE 9 
EXCULPATION, INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE 
Section 9.01. 
Exculpation. (a) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no 
Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Partnership or any Limited Partner for any loss, claim, 
damage or expense incurred by reason of any action taken or omitted to be taken by such 
Indemnified Person if such action was taken or omitted to be taken (i) in good faith and in the 
belief that such action or omission was in or was not opposed to the best interests of the 
Partnership or (ii) in good faith in accordance with the advice of legal counsel; provided that the 
foregoing shall not relieve an Indemnified Person from liability for any loss, claim or damage 
that is determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to be primarily 
attributable to such Person's fraud, willful misfeasance or gross negligence. This Section 9.01(a) 
should not be construed as relieving, or attempting to relieve, the Investment Manager from any 
liability (including liability under United States federal securities laws which under certain 
circumstances impose liability on Persons who act in good faith) to the extent, but only to the 
extent, relieving the Investment Manager would be in violation of applicable law. 
(b) 
An Indemnified Person shall be fully protected from liability to the Partnership or 
any Limited Partner in relying in good faith upon the records of the Partnership and upon such 
information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Partnership by any Person as to 
matters the Indemnified Person reasonably believes are within such other Person's professional 
or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the 
Partnership, including information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value and amount of 
assets, liabilities, profits or losses or any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of 
assets from which distributions to Limited Partners might properly be paid. 
(c) 
Each of the Limited Partners hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the sole 
responsibility of the General Partner and the Investment Manager under this Agreement is to 
administer the Partnership, (ii) neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any 
other Indemnified Person has undertaken to be involved in or to oversee, and neither the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager nor any other Indemnified Person will have any responsibility 
for, the business, operations, investments or investment decisions of the Master Fund and (iii) 
none of the Master Fund, the Master Fund General Partner or the Second Master Fund General 
Partner will have any involvement in or responsibility for the affairs of the Partnership and no 
such Person owes any duties (fiduciary or otherwise) to the Partnership or the Limited Partners. 
Section 9.02. 
Duties and Liabilities of Indemnified Persons. (a) To the extent that, at 
law or in equity, an Indemnified Person has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities 
relating thereto to the Partnership or to any Limited Partner, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, an Indemnified Person acting under this Agreement shall not be liable to the 
Partnership or to any Limited Partner for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this 
Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the 
duties and liabilities of an Indemnified Person otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed 
by the Limited Partners, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to modify or to replace 
such other duties and liabilities of such Indemnified Person. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109103 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255287 
EFTA01452194

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452195.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or otherwise applicable 
provision of law or equity, to the fullest extent permitted by law, whenever in this Agreement the 
General Partner or Investment Manager is permitted or required to make a decision (i) in its "sole 
discretion" or in its "discretion" or under a similar grant of authority or latitude, the General 
Partner or Investment Manager shall be entitled to consider only such interests and factors as it 
desires, and may consider its own interests and shall have no duty or obligation to give any 
consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Partnership or the Limited Partners, or 
(ii) in its "good faith" or under another express standard, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, the General Partner or Investment Manager shall act under such express standard 
and shall not be subject to any other or different standard. 
Section 9.03. 
Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the 
Partnership shall indemnify and hold harmless each of the Indemnified Persons from and against 
any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, fines, taxes and interest and penalties 
thereon, claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings (whether civil, criminal, administrative, 
investigative or otherwise), costs, expenses and disbursements (including legal and accounting 
fees and expenses, costs of investigation and sums paid in settlement) of any kind or nature 
whatsoever and howsoever arising (collectively, "Claims and Expenses") which may be 
imposed on, incurred by or asserted at any time against such Indemnified Person in any way 
related to or arising out of this Agreement, the Partnership, the Master Fund or the management 
or administration of the Partnership or in connection with the business or affairs of the 
Partnership or the activities of such Indemnified Person on behalf of the Partnership (including 
serving on any committee of the Master Fund); provided that no Indemnified Person shall be 
entitled to indemnification hereunder if it shall have been determined by a final judgment of a 
court of competent jurisdiction that the Claims and Expenses are primarily attributable to such 
Person's fraud, willful misfeasance or gross negligence. This Section 9.03 should not be 
construed as indemnifying, or attempting to indemnify, the Investment Manager against any 
liability (including liability under United States federal securities laws which under certain 
circumstances impose liability on Persons who act in good faith) to the extent, but only to the 
extent, indemnifying the Investment Manager would be in violation of applicable law. 
Section 9.04. 
Advancement of Expenses. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, the Partnership shall pay the expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses and 
costs of investigation) incurred by an Indemnified Person in defending any claim, demand, 
action, suit or proceeding as such expenses are incurred by such Indemnified Person and in 
advance of the final disposition of such matter, provided that such Indemnified Person 
undertakes to repay such expenses if it is determined by a final judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction that such Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified pursuant to Section 
9.03. 
Section 9.05. 
Notice of Proceedings. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person 
of notice of the commencement of any proceeding against such Indemnified Person, such 
Indemnified Person shall, if a claim for indemnification in respect thereof is to be made against 
the Partnership, give written notice to the General Partner (or, if the Indemnified Person is the 
General Partner, then to the Investment Manager) of the commencement of such proceeding, 
provided that the failure of an Indemnified Person to give notice as provided herein shall not 
relieve the Partnership of its obligations under Sections 9.03 and 9.04, except to the extent that 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109104 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255288 
EFTA01452195

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452196.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
the Partnership is actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice. In case any such proceeding 
is brought against an Indemnified Person, after the Partnership has acknowledged in writing its 
obligation to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Person, the Partnership will be 
entitled to assume the defense of such proceeding (with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the 
Indemnified Person); provided that (i) the Indemnified Person shall be entitled to participate in 
such proceeding and to retain its own counsel at its own expense and (ii) if the Indemnified 
Person shall give notice to the Partnership that in its good faith judgment certain claims made 
against it in such proceeding could have a material adverse effect on the Indemnified Person or 
its Affiliates other than as a result of monetary damages, the Indemnified Person shall have the 
right to control (at its own expense and with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Partnership) 
the defense of such specific claims made against the Indemnified Person. After notice from the 
Partnership to such Indemnified Person acknowledging the Partnership's obligation to indemnify 
and hold harmless the Indemnified Person and electing to assume the defense of such 
proceeding, the Partnership will not be liable for expenses subsequently incurred by such 
Indemnified Person in connection with the defense thereof. The Partnership will not consent to 
the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that does not include as an unconditional 
term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Person of a release from 
all liability arising out of the proceeding and claims asserted therein. 
Section 9.06. 
Insurance. The Partnership may purchase and maintain insurance, to the 
extent and in such amounts as the General Partner shall, in its discretion, deem reasonable, on 
behalf of Indemnified Persons and such other Persons as the General Partner shall determine, 
against any liability that may be asserted against or expenses that may be incurred by any such 
Person in connection with the activities of the Partnership or such Indemnified Persons, 
regardless of whether the Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person against 
such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or by law. 
ARTICLE 10 
TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS 
Section 10.01. Transfer of a Limited Partner's Interest. (a) A Limited Partner may not 
sell, assign, transfer, grant a participation in, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose 
of (such transaction being herein collectively called a "Transfer") all or any fraction of such 
Limited Partner's Interest except (i) with the prior written consent of the General Partner, which 
consent may be given or withheld in the sole discretion of the General Partner and (ii) in 
accordance with and as specifically permitted by the provisions of this Agreement. 
(b) 
A Person acquiring a Limited Partner's Interest pursuant to this Article 10 shall 
not be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner except in accordance with the requirements of 
Section 10.02. A Limited Partner whose Interest is transferred pursuant to Section 3.04 shall be 
bound by the provisions of this Article 10. 
(c) 
The Incapacity of a Limited Partner shall not dissolve or terminate the 
Partnership. Upon the occurrence of any such event, the trustee in bankruptcy or other legal 
representative of such Limited Partner shall have only the rights of an assignee of the right to 
receive Partnership distributions applicable to the Interest of such Incapacitated Limited Partner, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109105 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255289 
EFTA01452196

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452197.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
C.F.R. §2510.3-101(d), as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or any successor 
regulations); 
(vii) 
the General Partner shall have received the opinion of counsel, if any, 
required by Section 10.02(c) in connection with such Transfer, 
(viii) such assignment would not cause the Partnership, the Master Fund or any 
of the Master Fund's investments to violate any applicable law; and 
(ix) 
all necessary instruments reflecting such Transfer and/or admission shall 
have been filed in each jurisdiction in which such filing is necessary in order to qualify 
the Partnership to conduct business or to preserve the limited liability of the Limited 
Partners. 
(b) 
Each substituted Limited Partner and additional Limited Partner shall be bound by 
all of the provisions of this Agreement. Each substituted Limited Partner and additional Limited 
Partner, as a condition to its admission as a Limited Partner, shall execute and acknowledge such 
instruments (including a counterpart of this Agreement and a Subscription Agreement), in form 
and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, as the General Partner reasonably deems 
necessary or desirable to effectuate such admission and to confirm the agreement of such 
substituted or additional Limited Partner to be bound by all the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement with respect to the Interest acquired by such substituted or additional Limited 
Partner. The admission of a substituted or additional Limited Partner shall not require the 
approval of any Limited Partner. As promptly as practicable after the admission of a substituted 
or additional Limited Partner, the books and records of the Partnership and Schedule A hereto 
shall be changed to reflect such admission. 
(c) 
As a further condition to any Transfer of all or any part of a Limited Partner's 
Interest, the General Partner may, in its discretion, require a written opinion of responsible 
counsel reasonably satisfactory to the General Partner, obtained at the sole expense of the 
transferring Limited Partner, satisfactory in form and substance to the General Partner, as to such 
matters as the General Partner shall consider appropriate, including to the effect that such 
Transfer will not result in (i) a violation of the registration or other requirements of the Securities 
Act or any other U.S. federal or state securities laws, (ii) the Partnership being required to 
register, or seek an exemption from registration, as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act, or (iii) the Partnership becoming a "publicly traded partnership" as such term is 
defined in Section 7704 of the Code. 
Section 10.03. Expense of Transfer; Indemnification. Any transferring Limited Partner 
and such Limited Partner's transferee, jointly and severally, shall be required to pay a fee at the 
General Partner's sole discretion, which shall be at least $5,000, to cover all taxes, costs and 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and the Partnership or the Investment Manager, as the 
case may be, in connection with any Transfer of such Limited Partner's Interest, including any 
filing and recording costs, any administrative expenses of the Investment Manager, the 
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Partnership, and any ongoing 
administrative and other costs incurred by the Partnership or the Limited Partners in connection 
with any basis adjustments required under Section 754 of the Code (including expenses of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109107 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255291 
EFTA01452197

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452198.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
accountants and advisors). In addition, the transferring Limited Partner and such Limited 
Partner's transferee shall indemnify the General Partner and the Partnership, in a manner 
satisfactory to the General Partner and the Investment Manager, against any losses, claims, 
damages or liabilities to which the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Partnership, or 
any of their Affiliates may become subject arising out of or based upon any false representation 
or warranty made by, or breach or failure to comply with any covenant or agreement of, such 
transferring Limited Partner or such transferee in connection with such Transfer. 
Section 10.04. Transfer of the General Partner's Interest. The General Partner may not 
transfer its General Partner interest (other than to an Affiliate) without the prior Consent of a 
Majority in Interest of Limited Partners. Upon a transfer by the General Partner of its General 
Partner interest in the Partnership as permitted hereunder, the transferee shall be admitted to the 
Partnership as a general partner of the Partnership without further action by any Partner, and 
such transferee shall be deemed admitted to the Partnership immediately prior to the transfer and 
shall continue the business of the Partnership without dissolution. 
ARTICLE 11 
DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION 
Section 11.01. Dissolution. The Partnership shall be dissolved and its affairs wound up 
upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
the expiration of its term as set forth in Section 2.02; 
(b) 
an election by the General Partner, based upon the written recommendation of the 
Investment Manager, to dissolve the Partnership; 
(c) 
the bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation of the General Partner 
becoming effective; provided that if, within ninety (90) days of the effective date, the Limited 
Partners unanimously elect one or more new General Partners, the Partnership shall not be 
dissolved and its affairs shall not be wound up but shall be assumed and continued as provided 
for in this Agreement; or 
(d) 
any dissolution or termination required by operation of law. 
Dissolution of the Partnership shall be effective on the day on which the event giving rise 
to the dissolution occurs, but the Partnership will not terminate until the assets of the Partnership 
have been distributed as provided in Section 11.02 and any filings required by law have been 
made. 
Section 11.02. Liquidation. (a) Upon dissolution, the Partnership shall be liquidated 
and wound up in an orderly manner in accordance with the provisions of this Section 11.02. The 
General Partner or, if there is none, a Person selected by the Consent of a Majority in Interest of 
the Limited Partners to act as liquidating General Partner, shall wind up the affairs of the 
Partnership pursuant to this Agreement. The General Partner or liquidating General Partner, as 
applicable, is authorized to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of the assets of the Partnership, or 
to distribute Partnership assets in kind, as the General Partner or liquidating General Partner shall 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109108 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255292 
EFTA01452198

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452199.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
the Partnership, any other Limited Partner, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or any 
of their Affiliates. 
ARTICLE 12 
AMENDMENTS 
Section 12.01. Adoption of Amendments; Limitations Thereon. (a) Amendment with 
Approval of Limited Partners. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement 
is subject to amendment by the General Partner only with the Consent of a Majority in Interest of 
the Limited Partners; provided, however, that no amendment to this Agreement may: 
(i) 
Partners; 
modify the purposes of the Partnership without the Consent of all Limited 
(ii) 
increase the Capital Commitment of any Limited Partner, modify the 
limited liability of any Limited Partner, or increase in any material respect the liabilities 
or obligations of any Limited Partner, in each case, without the Consent of each such 
affected Limited Partner, 
(iii) 
amend Section 3.03 or this Section I2.01(a) without the Consent of all 
Limited Partners; or 
(iv) 
alter any previously agreed-to indemnification obligations provided under 
this Agreement without the written agreement of the applicable Indemnified Person(s). 
(b) 
Amendments by General Partner. Notwithstanding the limitations of Section 
12.01(a), the General Partner, from time to time, without the Consent of any of the Limited 
Partners may make any amendment to this Agreement that (i) does not materially prejudice the 
interests of any Limited Partner, does not operate to release to any material extent the General 
Partner from any responsibility to the Limited Partners, and will not result in any material 
increase in the amount of costs and charges payable from the Partnership's assets, (ii) is effected 
to correct manifest errors or inconsistencies, (iii) is necessary to admit one or more additional 
Limited Partners, or withdraw one or more Limited Partners, in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, (iv) is effected to grant Limited Partners the rights necessary for the assets of the 
Partnership not to be subject to consolidation for financial reporting purposes with the 
Investment Manager or any of its Affiliates, (v) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, 
statutory or official requirement (whether or not having the force of law), (vi) is effected to 
correct any inconsistencies with the Master Fund LPA, (vii) does not have a material adverse 
effect on the Limited Partners or (viii) addresses changes in financial, regulatory or tax 
legislation, including addressing implementation of regulations or rules related to FATCA, 
which amendment may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Partnership, but only to the 
extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the economic returns of the Limited 
Partners; provided, that no such amendment shall impose upon any Limited Partner any 
obligation to make any payment beyond its Capital Commitment or to accept any liability in 
respect thereof, except as provided in this Agreement. In addition, the General Partner, without 
the Consent of any of the Limited Partners may (x) make any appropriate modifications if 
unanticipated events might otherwise cause this Agreement not to comply with Section 704(b) of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109110 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255294 
EFTA01452199

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452200.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
fullest extent permitted by law, shall not otherwise be entitled to receive or have access to the 
signature pages to this Agreement or Schedule A to this Agreement. In addition, the General 
Partner shall have the right in its discretion to keep confidential from the Limited Partners, for 
such period of time as the General Partner deems appropriate, any information which the General 
Partner reasonably believes to be in the nature of trade secrets or other information the disclosure 
of which the General Partner in good faith believes is not in the best interest of the Partnership or 
its business or any Limited Partner, or that the Partnership is required by law or agreement with a 
third party to keep confidential. 
Section 14.02. Accounts and Reports. (a) Following the end of each Fiscal Year, the 
General Partner shall cause accounts for the Partnership to be prepared in respect of the Fiscal 
Year then ending. Such accounts shall contain an annual year-end report by the Auditors of the 
Partnership if available and not previously distributed to Limited Partners (or to an Approved 
Agent on behalf of a Limited Partner) and shall be approved by the General Partner, and the 
General Partner shall cause a copy thereof to be sent to each Limited Partner (or to an Approved 
Agent on behalf of a Limited Partner). 
(b) 
As soon as reasonably practicable following the end of each fiscal quarter, taking 
into account the General Partner's need to receive relevant information from the Master Fund, 
the General Partner shall cause quarterly status reports (on an aggregate basis) and unaudited 
individual capital statements to be prepared and sent to each Limited Partner (or to an Approved 
Agent on behalf of a Limited Partner). 
(c) 
Unless the General Partner otherwise determines, the accounting policies used in 
the preparation of the above mentioned accounts, reports and statements shall be determined by 
the General Partner in accordance with GAAP. 
(d) 
The information required to be provided to the Limited Partners pursuant to this 
Section 14.02 may be provided by any means permitted by the Master Fund LPA, including by a 
posting on a password-protected website maintained by the Partnership or its Affiliates. 
Section 14.03. lax Information. The General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts 
to send to a Limited Partner (at such Limited Partner's expense), as soon as is reasonably 
practicable after the end of such Fiscal Year (subject to delay in the event of the late receipt of 
any necessary tax information relating to the Master Fund), any information reasonably 
requested by such Limited Partner for the filing of any required tax returns or reports; provided, 
that it is understood that the Partnership does not expect to be able to deliver Schedules K-1 to 
the Partners prior to September of each year, and accordingly, the Partners will be required to 
obtain extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns, or if they are unable 
to obtain extensions to file estimated returns followed by amended returns following the receipt 
of annual tax information. The information required to be provided to the Limited Partners 
pursuant to this Section 14.03 may be provided by any means described in Section 16.01, 
including by a posting on a password-protected website maintained by the Partnership or its 
Affiliates. 
Section 14.04. Tax Matters Partner. The General Partner shall act as the "tax matters 
partner" of the Partnership (the "Tax Matters Partner"), as such term is defined in Section 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109112 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255296 
EFTA01452200

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452201.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
6231(aX7) of the Code and the Tax Matters Partner shall exercise any authority permitted the 
Tax Matters Partner under the Code. The Tax Matters Partner shall prepare and file, or cause the 
accountants of the Partnership to prepare and file, a U.S. federal information tax return in 
compliance with Section 6031 of the Code and any required U.S. state, local and non-U.S. 
income tax and information returns for each tax year of the Partnership. In the event the 
Partnership is the subject of an income tax audit by any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign 
authority, to the extent the Partnership is treated as an entity for purposes of such audit, including 
administrative settlement and judicial review, the Tax Matters Partner is authorized to act for, 
and its decision shall be final and binding upon, each Partner. All expenses incurred in 
connection with any such audit, investigation, settlement or review shall be borne by the 
Partnership. Each person (a "Pass-Thru Partner") that holds or controls an Interest on behalf 
of, or for the benefit of another person or persons, or which Pass-Thru Partner is beneficially 
owned (directly or indirectly) by another person or persons shall, within thirty (30) days 
following receipt from the Tax Matters Partner of a notice or document, convey such notice or 
document in writing to all holders of beneficial interests in the Partnership holding such interest 
through such Pass-Thru Partner. The General Partner may delegate its authority as Tax Matters 
Partner or otherwise rely on a third party in fulfilling its obligations hereunder. 
Section 14.05. Auditors. Any of KPMG, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte 
Touche Tohmatsu or Ernst & Young LLP shall be the initial independent certified public 
accountants for the Partnership (the "Auditors"). The General Partner thereafter shall annually 
engage the Auditors on behalf of the Partnership. The Auditors shall perform an audit of the 
Partnership's financial statements for each Fiscal Year in accordance with Section 14.02. The 
General Partner shall have the authority in its discretion at any time to remove the Auditors with 
or without cause and to select replacement Auditors. 
ARTICLE 15 
POWER OF ATTORNEY 
Section 15.01. Appointment; Power. Each of the Limited Partners hereby irrevocably 
makes, constitutes and appoints the General Partner, the Investment Manager and each officer of 
the General Partner or the Investment Manager, and the liquidating General Partner, if any, in 
such capacity as liquidating General Partner for so long as it acts as such, and each of them (each 
such Person, an "Attorney"), as such Limited Partner's true and lawful agent and attorney in 
fact, with full power of substitution, and with full power and authority to act in such Limited 
Partner's name and on such Limited Partner's behalf, to make, execute, deliver, swear to, 
acknowledge, file and record (i) copies of' this Agreement, and any amendment, modification or 
change to this Agreement adopted as herein provided; (ii) the agreement of limited partnership 
(or equivalent agreement) and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement of any 
Parallel Investment Entity established in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; 
(iii) all certificates, notices, agreements and other instruments deemed necessary by the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager or any liquidating General Partner to carry out the provisions of 
this Agreement or applicable law (including any notices required in relation to Section 2.05), or 
to permit the Partnership to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or to 
provide limited liability to Limited Partners in each jurisdiction in which the Partnership may be 
doing business, or to permit Transfers of Interests of Limited Partners or the admission of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109113 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255297 
EFTA01452201

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452202.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
additional Limited Partners or substituted Limited Partners or the admission of a replacement 
General Partner; (iv) all conveyances and other instruments or documents deemed necessary by 
the General Partner, the Investment Manager or any liquidating General Partner to effect the 
dissolution or termination of the Partnership; (v) all other agreements and instruments deemed 
necessary by the General Partner or the Investment Manager to consummate the Partnership's 
investments; (vi) any certificate of fictitious name, if required by law, for the Partnership; and 
(vii) such other certificates or instruments as may be required under the laws of Delaware or any 
other jurisdiction, or by any regulatory agency, as the General Partner or the Investment Manager 
may deem necessary or advisable. 
Section 15.02. Nature of Power. The power of attorney granted pursuant to Section 
15.01 above: 
(a) 
is granted to secure the performance of the obligations of each of the Limited 
Partners under this Agreement, shall be irrevocable and shall survive and shall not be affected by 
the subsequent Incapacity of any Limited Partner; 
(b) 
may be exercised by the Attorney, either by signing separately as attorney-in-fact 
for each Limited Partner or by a single signature of the Attorney, acting as attorney-in-fact for all 
of them; and 
(c) 
shall survive the assignment by a Limited Partner of the whole or any fraction of 
its Interest; except that, where the assignee of the whole of such Limited Partner's Interest has 
been approved by the General Partner for admission to the Partnership or a Parallel Investment 
Entity, as applicable, as a substituted Limited Partner, the power of attorney of the assignor shall 
survive the delivery of such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorney to execute, 
swear to, acknowledge and file any instrument necessary or appropriate to effect such 
substitution. 
Section 15.03. Further Documents. Each Limited Partner shall execute and deliver to 
the Partnership within fifteen (15) days after receipt of the General Partner's request therefor 
such further designations, powers of attorney and other instruments as the General Partner 
reasonably deems necessary to carry out the terms of this Agreement or the agreement of any 
Parallel Investment Entity. 
ARTICLE 16 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Section 16.01. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to any party 
hereunder shall be in writing (including a facsimile, electronic mail or similar writing) and shall 
be given (i) if to the Partnership or the General Partner, at the address specified in Section 2.03 
of this Agreement; (ii) if to the Investment Manager, at the address specified in the Investment 
Management Agreement; and (iii) if to a Limited Partner, at the Limited Partner's address or 
facsimile number and to the attention of the Person(s), if any, set forth in the Partnership's 
records, or by means of a posting on a password-protected website maintained by the Partnership 
or its Affiliates; or at such other address or facsimile number and to the attention of such other 
Person(s) as such party may hereafter specify by notice to the General Partner and the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109114 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255298 
EFTA01452202

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452203.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Investment Manager (if such party is a Limited Partner) or to all the Limited Partners (if such 
party is the General Partner or the Investment Manager) in accordance with this Section 16.01. 
Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by facsimile or 
electronic mail, at the time such facsimile or electronic mail is transmitted (or, if such time is not 
during a Business Day in the recipient's locale, at the beginning of the next such Business Day), 
(ii) if given by means of a posting on a password-protected website maintained by the 
Partnership or its Affiliates, on the day such notice, request or other communication has been 
posted on such password-protected website and confirmation of such posting and access 
instructions have been sent to the Limited Partner by electronic mail, (iii) if given by mail, three 
Business Days (or, if to an address outside the United States, seven (7) calendar days) after such 
communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, 
or (iv) if given by any other means, when delivered at the address specified pursuant to this 
Section 16.01. 
Section 16.02. Confidentiality. (a) Each Limited Partner agrees that such Limited 
Partner shall keep confidential, and shall not disclose to any third Person or use for its own 
benefit, without the consent of the General Partner, any information with respect to the 
Partnership or the Master Fund that is disclosed to such Limited Partner by or on behalf of the 
Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of its Affiliates; provided, that a 
Limited Partner may disclose any such information (i) as has become generally available to the 
public, (ii) as may be required in response to any summons or subpoena or in connection with 
any litigation, (iii) to the extent necessary in order to comply with any law, order, regulation or 
ruling applicable to such Limited Partner, and (iv) to its employees and professional advisers 
who need to know such information and agree to keep it confidential. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, each Limited Partner and each Limited Partner's employees, representatives and other 
agents, may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and 
accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without 
limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax treatment and U.S. 
federal and state income and franchise tax structure of the transactions contemplated hereby and 
all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such 
Limited Partner relating to such tax treatment or tax structure insofar as such treatment and/or 
structure relates to a U.S. federal or state income or franchise tax strategy provided to such 
Limited Partner. 
Section 16.03. Limited Partner Information. Subject to any restrictions imposed by 
law, the applicable Subscription Agreement, each Limited Partner agrees to furnish to the 
General Partner and the Investment Manager (or its delegates), promptly upon request, any 
information concerning such Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's Affiliates as the 
General Partner or the Investment Manager reasonably believes necessary to provide the Master 
Fund or in order to comply with filing requirements arising under applicable laws, rules and 
regulations or the anti-money laundering laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, or 
to respond to requests for information concerning the identity of Limited Partners from any 
governmental authority, self-regulatory organization or financial institution in connection with 
its anti-money laundering compliance procedures or to provide banks or other financial 
institutions with financial information or other documentation reasonably required to obtain 
credit facilities or borrowings as described in Section 3.02, or in each case above to update such 
information. Each Limited Partner acknowledges that each of the General Partner, the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109115 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255299 
EFTA01452203

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452204.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Investment Manager or the Administrator is authorized to disclose such information concerning 
each Limited Partner to the Master Fund or as it determines is required in order to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation, or in response to any summons or subpoena, or in connection with 
any litigation. Each Limited Partner further agrees that, at the request of the General Partner, the 
Investment Manager or the Administrator, it will keep current any such information previously 
furnished and that the General Partner and the Investment Manager may rely on the accuracy and 
current status of such information in making (or determining the need to make) any filing on 
behalf of the Partnership. Each Limited Partner understands, acknowledges, represents and 
agrees that in the event a Limited Partner fails to honor any such request, the General Partner 
may be obligated to "freeze" such Limited Partner's Interest, have the Partnership redeem such 
Limited Partner's Interest, or force a sale to another person or entity such Limited Partner's 
Interest. 
Section 16.04. Entire Agreement This Agreement (including Schedule A attached 
hereto), the Subscription Agreements, the Side Letters (as defined herein) and any other writing 
between any Limited Partners and the General Partner or the Investment Manager entered into in 
connection herewith, shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding among the parties 
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede any prior understanding or 
agreement, oral or written with respect thereto. The parties hereto acknowledge that, 
notwithstanding anything else contained in this Agreement, the General Partner, on its own 
behalf and/or on behalf of the Partnership, without any act, Consent or approval of any Limited 
Partner, may from time to time enter into, deliver and perform other written agreements with one 
or more Limited Partners establishing rights under, or supplementing or altering the terms of, this 
Agreement and/or the Subscription Agreements (each a "Side Letter"). The parties agree that 
any rights established, or any terms of this Agreement or the Subscription Agreements 
supplemented or altered, in a Side Letter shall govern with respect to such Limited Partner (but 
not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or transferees unless so specified in such Side Letter) 
notwithstanding anything else contained in this Agreement or the Subscription Agreements. The 
General Partner and the Partnership shall have no obligation to provide copies of any Side 
Letters to any Limited Partner. Each Limited Partner acknowledges that it has no rights under or 
with respect to any Side Letter to which it is not a party and waives any and all claims with 
respect to each such Side Letter and the rights and duties of the parties thereto. The Master Fund 
General Partner, on its own behalf and/or on behalf of the Master Fund, may also from time to 
time enter into, deliver and perform other written agreements with one or more limited partners 
of the Master Fund establishing rights under, or supplementing or altering the terms of, the 
Master Fund LPA and/or the Master Fund subscription agreements (each a "Master Fund Side 
Letter") with one or more limited partners of the Master Fund (including the Onshore Feeder 
Fund). Each Limited Partner acknowledges that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Master Fund LPA, (i) such Limited Partner shall not be entitled to the benefit of, and shall have 
no rights under or with respect to, any Master Fund Side Letter and (ii) the General Partner and 
the Partnership shall have no obligation to provide copies of any Master Fund Side Letter that the 
Partnership receives in its capacity as a limited partner of the Master Fund to such Limited 
Partner. Each Limited Partner waives any and all claims with respect to each such Master Fund 
Side Letter and the rights and duties of the parties thereto. 
Section 16.05. Binding Effect. This Agreement and all of the terms and provisions 
hereof shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and subject to 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109116 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255300 
EFTA01452204

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452205.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
the limitations set forth in Article 10, their respective legal representatives, heirs, successors and 
permitted assigns. Each Limited Partner, the General Partner, the Investment Manager and each 
other Indemnified Person shall be entitled to rely upon, shall be a third party beneficiary of, and 
shall be entitled to enforce, the provisions of this Agreement applicable to such Person, including 
the provisions of Article 9. 
Section 16.06. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of 
such provision to any Person or circumstance or in any jurisdiction, shall be held to be invalid or 
unenforceable to any extent, (i) the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, 
and each other provision hereof shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by 
law, (ii) as to such Person or circumstance or in such jurisdiction such provision shall be 
reformed to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, and (iii) the 
application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances or in other jurisdictions shall not 
be affected thereby. 
Section 16.07. No Waiver. Neither the failure nor delay on the part of any party hereto 
to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver 
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude 
any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor 
shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be 
construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other 
occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party 
asserted to have granted such waiver. 
Section 16.08. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, 
and governed by, the laws of the State of Delaware. 
Section 16.09. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) Each of the Limited 
Partners hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any 
New York State court or U.S. Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the 
County, City and State of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the business or affairs of the 
Partnership or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the Limited Partners 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or 
proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by 
law, U.S. Federal court. Each of the Limited Partners agrees that a final judgment in any such 
action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the 
judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any 
right that the General Partner, the Partnership, or the Investment Manager may otherwise have to 
bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement, the Investment Management 
Agreement or the business or affairs of the Partnership against any Limited Partner or its 
properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
(b) 
Each of the Limited Partners hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to 
the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection it may now or hereafter have 
to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement, the Investment Management Agreement or the business or affairs of the Partnership 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109117 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255301 
EFTA01452205

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452206.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
in any New York State or U.S. Federal court sitting in the County, City and State of New York. 
Each of the Limited Partners hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any 
such court. 
(c) 
Each of the Limited Partners irrevocably consents to service of process in 
connection with any matter referred to above by first class mail, certified postage prepaid, at the 
address and to the Person(s) specified pursuant to Section 16.01. Nothing in this Agreement will 
affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
(d) 
EACH OF THE LIMITED PARTNERS AND THE PARTNERSHIP HEREBY 
WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING ANY 
DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE 
PARTNERSHIP, THIS AGREEMENT OR THE BUSINESS OR AFFAIRS OF THE 
PARTNERSHIP. 
Section 16.10. Counsel to the Partnership. Counsel to the Partnership may also be 
counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and their respective Affiliates. The 
General Partner may execute on behalf of the Partnership and the Partners any consent to the 
representation of the Partnership that counsel may request pursuant to the applicable rules of 
professional conduct in any jurisdiction. The Partnership has retained Cleary Gottlieb Steen & 
Hamilton LLP as U.S. counsel to the Partnership and Stuarts Walker Hersant, Attorneys-at-Law 
as Cayman Islands counsel to the Partnership (collectively, the "Partnership Counsel") in 
connection with the formation of the Partnership, and may retain Partnership Counsel in 
connection with the operation of the Partnership, including making, holding and disposing of the 
interests in the Master Fund. Each Limited Partner acknowledges that the Partnership Counsel 
does not represent any Limited Partner with respect to the Partnership in the absence of a clear 
and explicit written agreement to such effect between the Limited Partner and the Partnership 
Counsel (and then only to the extent specifically set forth in that agreement), and that in the 
absence of any such written agreement the Partnership Counsel shall owe no duties to a Limited 
Partner with respect to the Partnership. Each Limited Partner further acknowledges that, whether 
or not the Partnership Counsel has in the past represented or is currently representing such 
Limited Partner with respect to other matters, the Partnership Counsel has not represented (or is 
not currently representing) the interests of any Limited Partner in the preparation and negotiation 
of this Agreement. 
Section 16.11. Table of Contents, Headings and Captions. The table of contents, 
headings, subheadings and captions contained in this Agreement are included for convenience of 
reference only, and in no way define, limit or describe the scope of this Agreement or the intent 
of any provision hereof. 
Section 16.12. Counterparts. This Agreement and any amendment hereto may be 
signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of 
which taken together shall constitute one Agreement (or amendment, as applicable). 
[Signature Page Follows] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109118 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255302 
EFTA01452206

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452207.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed and delivered this Agreement 
as a deed on this 
day of 
EXECUTED and DELIVERED as a DEED 
for and on behalf of the 
GENERAL PARTNER acting for and on 
behalf of the PARTNERSHIP: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
IN THE PRESENCE OF: 
Witness 
Name: 
EXECUTED and DELIVERED as a DEED 
for and on behalf of 
LIMITED PARTNERS: 
By:  
as Attorney in Fact on behalf of each 
Limited Partner 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
IN THE PRESENCE OF: 
Witness 
Name: 
Signature Page to 
Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership for 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109119 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255303 
EFTA01452207

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452208.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
EXECUTED and DELIVERED as a DEED 
by Christopher Maranto, the 
INITIAL LIMITED PARTNER: 
IN THE PRESENCE OF: 
Witness 
Name: 
Signature Page to 
Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership for 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109120 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255304 
EFTA01452208

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452209.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
SCHEDULE A 
Capital Commitments of Limited Partners 
Capital Commitment 
Name of Limited Partner 
to the Partnership 
A-1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109121 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255305 
EFTA01452209

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452210.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Confidential 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND III PRIVATE CLIENT 
FEEDER FUND (U.S.), L.P. 
SUBSCRIPTION 
BOOKLET 
FOR U.S. TAXABLE INVESTORS 
This Subscription Booklet is utilized for the private offering of interests (the "Interests') in Secondary 
Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. (the "Onshore Feeder Fund"). The 
Onshore Feeder Fund's sole objective is to invest in Secondary Opportunities Fund 111, LP (the "Master 
Fund'). This Subscription Booklet may be used only by U.S. taxable investors that are "accredited 
investors" within the meaning given to such twin in Regulation D under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") and "qualified purchasers" within the meaning given to such term 
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. as amended (the "1940 Act") and who arc - U.S. Tax 
Persons" as defined herein or acting for the direct or indirect benefit of one or more U.S. Tax Persons 
(other than tax-exempt persons). 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109122 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255306 
EFTA01452210

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452211.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND III PRIVATE CLIENT FEEDER FUND (U.S.), L.P. 
SUBSCRIPTION CHECKLIST 
Please read this checklist after completing this Subscription Booklet to ensure that you have completed 
the following tasks: 
o 
Have you filled in the name of the Investor and amount of the Capital 
Commitment on the Subscription Agreement Signature Page? 
a 
Have you signed, and had another person sign as a witness, the 
Subscription Agreement Signature Page? 
a 
Have you completed the enclosed Investor Questionnaire (including 
providing the applicable documents listed in Annex B of the Investor 
Questionnaire and signing, and having another person sign as a witness, 
the Annex B Signature Page)? 
o 
Have you completed and signed the enclosed Letter of Authorization? 
a 
Have you completed and signed a Form W-9? 
Please return completed and signed documents by e-mail (PDF) or fax and originals by courier to the 
following address: 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. 
do Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Attention: Joanna Smith 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
E-mail: 
All payments must be made by balance transfer as instructed in Section 6 of the Subscription Agreement. 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109123 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255307 
EFTA01452211

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452212.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND III PRIVATE CLIENT FEEDER FUND (US.), L.P. 
DIRECTIONS FOR THE COMPLETION 
OF THE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS 
Prospective investors must complete all of the Subscription Documents contained herein 
in the manner described below. For purposes of these Subscription Documents, the - Investor" is the 
person for whose account an Interest in Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund 
(U.S.), L.P. (the "Onshore Feeder Fund') is being purchased. Another person with investment authority 
may execute the Subscription Documents on behalf of the Investor, but should indicate the capacity in 
which it is acting and the name of the Investor. 
1. 
Subscription Agreement: 
(a) 
Read the entire Subscription Agreement. 
(b) 
Enter the amount of your Capital Commitment (as defined in the Subscription 
Agreement) on the signature page of the Subscription Agreement. 
(c) 
Date, print the name of the Investor, and sign (print name, capacity and title, if 
applicable), and have another person sign as a witness, the signature page of the 
Subscription Agreement. By signing the Subscription Agreement, you will be granting 
the power of attorney contained in the Subscription Agreement (including for the 
purposes of executing the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement (as defined in the Subscription 
Agreement) on your behalf) as well as acknowledging the existence of all actual and 
potential conflicts of interest (as described in the Memorandum (as defined in the 
Subscription Agreement)) and waiving all claims with respect to any liability arising 
from the existence of any conflicts of interest among Deutsche Bank and its affiliates. 
(d) 
By signing the Subscription Agreement and authorizing execution of the Onshore Feeder 
LP Agreement on your behalf by your attorney-in-fact, you also will be agreeing to be, 
and upon acceptance of the Subscription Agreement by the Onshore Feeder Fund shall 
be, bound as a limited partner of the Onshore Feeder Fund (a "Limited Partner") by the 
terms, provisions and requirements applicable to Limited Partners as set forth in the 
Memorandum and the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement, each of which is incorporated into 
the Subscription Agreement in its entirety. Without limiting the foregoing, you will be 
agreeing to the indemnification obligations contained in Section 5 of the Subscription 
Agreement. 
2. 
Investor Questionnaire: 
INDIVIDUALS should answer or initial their answer to each of the questions in the enclosed 
Investor Questionnaire for Individuals. 
ENTITIES should answer or initial their answer to each of the questions in the enclosed Investor 
Questionnaire for Entities. 
INDIVIDUALS AND ENTITIES should answer each of the questions under the header "Form 
PF' and provide the applicable information listed in Annex B of the Investor Questionnaire and 
sign, and have another person sign as a witness, the signature page of Annex B. 
it 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109124 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255308 
EFTA01452212

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452213.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
3. 
Letter of Authorization: 
Complete the enclosed Letter of Authorization. By signing the Letter of Authorization you will 
be authorizing Onshore Feeder Fund capital call amounts to be transferred from, and Onshore 
Feeder Fund distributions to be made through, the account listed on the Letter of Authorization. 
4. 
Form W-9: 
Each Investor should provide the information requested on Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 
and include such complete Form when returning the Subscription Agreement. Internal Revenue 
Service Form W-9 and instructions am included with this document. 
5. 
Delivery of Subscription Documents: 
Please return completed and signed documents by fax and courier to the following address: 
Seeondaty Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. 
do Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Attention: Joanna Smith 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
E-mail: 
6. 
Payment of Subscription: 
All payments must be made by balance transfer as instructed in Section 6 of the Subscription 
Agreement. 
tit 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109125 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255309 
EFTA01452213

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452214.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Subscription Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109126 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255310 
EFTA01452214

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452215.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND III PRIVATE CLIENT FEEDER FUND (U.S.), L.P. 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. 
do Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund GP, Ltd. 
P.O. Box 2510 
Grand Cayman KYI-1104 
Cayman Islands 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to (i) the Confidential Private Offering Memorandum dated January 
2014 with respect to the offering of interests (the "Interests") in Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private 
Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. (the "Onshore Feeder Fund") (such Confidential Private Offering 
Memorandum, together with any supplements and appendices thereto delivered to the undersigned being 
herein called the "Memorandum') and (ii) the amended and restated agreement of limited partnership of 
the Onshore Feeder Fund (such limited partnership agreement, together with any amendments or 
supplements thereto, being herein called the -Onshore Feeder LP Agreement"), each of which is 
incorporated by reference in its entirety in this Subscription Agreement. The Onshore Feeder Fund's sole 
objective is to invest in Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP (the "Master Fund") as a limited partner of 
the Master Fund. By executing this Subscription Agreement and authorizing execution of the Onshore 
Feeder LP Agreement on your behalf, the undersigned investor (and personal representative on behalf of 
such investor) (the "Investor") (a) agrees to be, and upon acceptance of this Subscription Agreement by 
the Onshore Feeder Fund shall be. bound as a Limited Partner of the Onshore Feeder Fund by the terms, 
provisions and requirements applicable to Limited Partners as set forth herein and in the Memorandum 
and the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement, and (b) acknowledges that it has read and understands the terms, 
provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that are applicable to Limited Partners, the 
General Partner and the Onshore Feeder Fund, as the case may be. Capitalized terms used, but not 
defined herein shall have the respective meanings given them in the Memorandum. 
1. 
Subscription.
(a) 
The Investor subscribes for an Interest and makes a capital commitment as set forth on 
the signature page (its "Capital Commitment") on the terms and conditions described in the Onshore 
Feeder LP Agreement and in the Memorandum. 
(b) 
The Investor understands and agrees that the minimum subscription is for $500,000. 
(c) 
The Investor understands that the Investment Manager (as defined below) expects to 
make an initial capital call of (i) to the extent not covered by (iv) below, amounts necessary to fund any 
capital calls previously made by the Master Fund, (ii) amounts to be used to establish the Funding 
Reserve, (iii) amounts necessary to fund current Feeder Fund Expenses and (iv) any amounts required to 
be contributed by Investors admitted to the Onshore Feeder Fund in a Subsequent Closing, if applicable, 
including with respect to the Master Fund, to fund the Funding Reserve and to pay or reimburse Feeder 
Fund Expenses and any interest due on such capital contributions, in each case as set forth in the Onshore 
Feeder LP Agreement. 
(d) 
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that it is not entitled to cancel, terminate or revoke 
this Subscription Agreement, or any agreements of the Investor hereunder, or the power of attomcy 
Subscription Agreement - 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109127 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255311 
EFTA01452215

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452216.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
granted hereby, and that such Subscription Agreement and any other agreements and power of attorney 
shall survive (i) changes in the transaction, documents and instruments described in the Memorandum and 
the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement which in the aggregate are not material to the Investor or which are 
contemplated by, or made in accordance with, the Memorandum or the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement, as 
the case may be, and (ii) the death, disability, termination or winding up of the Investor. 
(e) 
The Investor hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints State Street Bank and Trust 
Company (and any substitute or successor thereto) (the "Administrator") and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas (and any substitute or successor thereto) (the Investment Manager") as its true and 
lawful attorney in its name, place and stead, (i) to receive and pay over to the General Partner on behalf 
and at the direction of the Investor, to the extent set forth in this Subscription Agreement, all funds 
received hereunder (ii) to complete or correct, on behalf of the Investor, all documents to be executed by 
the Investor in connection with the Investor's subscription for an Interest, including, without limitation. 
filling in or amending amounts, dates and other pertinent information required in this Subscription 
Agreement; (iii) to act on behalf of such Investor with respect to any of the actions that may be taken 
against it, as a Limited Partner, in the event of a default by such Limited Partner, as described in the 
Memorandum; and (iv) as applicable, to execute, acknowledge, swear to and file: (A) the Onshore Feeder 
LP Agreement and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement; (B) the agreement of 
limited partnership (or equivalent agreement) and any amendment, modification or change to such 
agreement of any parallel investment entity established in accordance with the provisions of the Onshore 
Feeder LP Agreement (the -Parallel Investment Entity"); (C) any agreements or other documents relating 
to the obligations of the Onshore Feeder Fund, as limited and defined in the Onshore Feeder LP 
Agreement; (D) any certificates of formation required by law and all amendments thereto; (E) all 
certificates and other instruments necessary to qualify., or continue the qualification of, the Onshore 
Feeder Fund in the states or other jurisdictions where it may conduct activities; (F) all assignments, 
conveyances or other instruments or documents necessary to effect the winding up or dissolution of the 
Onshore Feeder Fund; and (G) all other filings with agencies of the U.S. federal government, of any state 
or local government, or of any other jurisdiction which the General Partner considers necessary or 
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Subscription Agreement, the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement 
and the business of the Onshore Feeder Fund. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an 
interest, shall be irrevocable and shall survive the transfer of the Investor's Interest. 
(f) 
The Investor hereby directs the Investment Manager of the Onshore Feeder Fund to 
invest all of the funds contributed to the Onshore Feeder Fund by the Investor that are available for 
investment (i.e., all funds not used or reserved for the Feeder Fund Expenses) in the Master Fund. The 
Investor's act of making any subsequent contributions to, or its purchase of any additional Interest in, the 
Onshore Feeder Fund will be evidence of the Investor's reaffirmation of this direction. 
2. 
Certain Acknowledgments and Agreements of the Investor. 
The Investor understands and acknowledges that: 
(a) 
The subscription for the Interest contained herein may be accepted or rejected, in whole 
or in part, by the Onshore Feeder Fund in its sole and absolute discretion. No subscription shall be 
deemed accepted, and the Investor shall not become a Limited Partner, until the subscription has been 
accepted in writing and, if necessary, any subsequent acts including issuance of the Interest have been 
taken, which shall be deemed an acceptance of this Subscription Agreement by the Onshore Feeder Fund 
for all purposes. 
Subscription Agreement - 2 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109128 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255312 
EFTA01452216

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452217.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(b) 
This subscription is and shall be irrevocable, except that the Investor shall have no 
obligation hereunder if this Subscription Agreement is for any reason rejected or this offering is for any 
reason canceled. 
(c) 
All documents pertaining to this investment (other than those in respect of which the 
Onshore Feeder Fund is bound by confidentiality obligations) that are readily available to the Onshore 
Feeder Fund have been made available for inspection by the Investor, at the principal place of business of 
the Onshore Feeder Fund, the General Partner or the Administrator, as the case may be. 
(d) 
No non-U.S., U.S. federal or state authority has made any finding or determination as to 
the fairness for investment of the Interest and no non-U.S., U.S. federal or state authority has 
recommended or endorsed or will recommend or endorse this offering. 
(e) 
The Investor agrees to provide any additional documents and information that the 
Onshore Feeder Fund, the Investment Manager or the Administrator reasonably requests, including, 
without limitation, information relevant to a determination of whether the Investor is (i) an "accredited 
investor" within the meaning given to such term in Regulation I) under the Securities Act, (ii) a "qualified 
purchaser" within the meaning given to such term in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the "1940 Act') and (iii) a U.S. Tax Person.' 
(f) 
Other than as expressly set forth in the Memorandum and the Onshore Feeder LP 
Agreement, the Investor is not relying upon any information, representation or warranty by the Onshore 
Feeder Fund. The Investor has consulted to the extent deemed appropriate by the Investor with the 
Investor's own advisors as to the financial, tax, legal and related matters concerning an investment in an 
Interest and on that basis believes that an investment in the Interest is suitable and appropriate for the 
Investor. 
(g) 
The Investor agrees that it shall have no recourse against the assets of the Master Fund, 
the Master Fund General Partner, the Second Master Fund General Partner, the Investment Manager, any 
other Limited Partner, the General Partner or Deutsche Bank or any of its affiliates (other than as set forth 
in the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement), except as against the assets of the Onshore Feeder Fund, and that 
any agreement it enters into with respect to the Interest with any third-party shall include a provision with 
the same substantive effect. 
(h) 
The Investor is aware of and understands each of the Risk Factors, including all 
applicable conflicts of interest, set forth in the Memorandum. The Investor further understands that the 
discussion of such conflicts and risks is not exhaustive and confirms that it has consulted with its advisors 
as it has deemed necessary or appropriate. The Investor hereby consents to all such actual and potential 
conflicts of interest, including, without limitation, any conflict of interest (resulting from Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas serving as the Investment Manager) and waives, to the fullest extent permitted 
by law, all claims with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any conflicts of interest 
among Deutsche Bank and its affiliates. 
A "U.S. Tax Person is a beneficial owner of an littered that is a citizen or resident of the United States, a U.S. domestic 
corporation or otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis with respect to its Interest. In determining 
beneficial ownership, an Interest held by (i) a partnership or entity treated as partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes or (ii) a "passive foreign investment company" within the meaning of section 1297 of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, (a "PFIC") will be considered beneficially owned by its partners or equityholders, as the case may be. 
An interest held by any corporation other than a PFIC will be treated as held by a shareholder beneficially owning 50 
percent or more of the stock of such corporation, measured by value. In addition, a holder of an option to acquire an Interest 
will be treated as the beneficial owner of the underlying Interest. 
Subscription Agreement - 3 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109129 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255313 
EFTA01452217

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452218.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(i) 
The Investor understands and acknowledges that the Interest cannot be sold, pledged or 
transferred without the prior written consent of the General Partner (or its delegate), after the General 
Partner (or its delegate) confirms that all conditions of transfer as described in the Onshore Feeder LP 
Agreement arc satisfied and any required fee is paid in full. 
The Investor understands and acknowledges that the general partner of the Master Fund, 
the Investment Manager and Deutsche Bank will have confidential information relating to the Master 
Fund and its investments that has not been disclosed to the General Partner, the Onshore Feeder Fund or 
the Investors. The Investor hereby waives all rights it may now have or hereinafter acquire against such 
parties arising out of or in connection with such non-disclosure of such confidential information. 
(k) 
The Investor understands and acknowledges that the fees and carried interest payable by 
the Onshore Feeder Fund to the Master Fund in inspect of the Onshore Feeder Fund's commitment to the 
Master Fund will be in addition to the Feeder Fund Expenses payable by the Investor to the Onshore 
Feeder Fund and will reduce the amounts available for distribution to the Investor (provided that the 
Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fee is inclusive of the amount of any management fee payable in 
respect of the Onshore Feeder Fund as a limited partner of the Master Fund). The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that it will be responsible for its pro two portion of the fees and expenses 
described in Annex A. 
(I) 
The Investor understands and acknowledges that in the event the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager learns at any time that the Investor is a person with whom any dealings would be 
prohibited under any law or regulation applicable to any member of the Deutsche Bank Group as a whole, 
or with whom dealing would present an unacceptable reputational risk for the Investment Manager or any 
member of the Deutsche Bank Group, such Investor's Interest shall be subject to forfeiture to the Onshore 
Feeder Fund or to otherwise compulsory repurchase or transfer, with or without compensation, and no 
further distributions with respect to such forfeited, repurchased or transferred Interest shall be made. The 
General Partner or the Investment Manager may also subject the Investor's Interest to compulsory 
repurchase or transfer, with or without compensation, in circumstances in which, in the opinion of the 
General Partner or the Investment Manager, such Investor's holding an Interest might result in the 
Onshore Feeder Fund, its assets, the General Partner or the Investment Manager suffering any legal, 
monetary, regulatory, tax or material administrative disadvantage which it might not otherwise have 
incurred or suffered. 
(m) 
If the Investor is an employee of Deutsche Bank or any of its affiliates, the Investor 
requests, understands and acknowledges the following: 
(i) 
the Investor is an employee of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas that has solicited Interests in the Onshore Feeder Fund; 
(ii) 
without limiting the generality of Section 2(1), if it is determined by the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager that the Investor's investment in the Master Fund would 
violate the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any rules or 
regulations promulgated thereunder, or any other applicable law or regulation, the Investor shall 
be required to sell or otherwise transfer its Interest and none of the Onshore Feeder Fund, the 
General Partner, the Administrator, the Investment Manager or any of their affiliates shall be 
liable for any losses the Investor may incur; 
(iii) 
the Investor is investing in its capacity as a third-party. No Deutsche Bank entity 
is responsible or liable for any taxes owed, or tax liability incurred, in connection with any 
investment made by the Onshore Feeder Fund, or the investment by the Investor in the Onshore 
Subscription Agreement - 4 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109130 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255314 
EFTA01452218

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452219.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
the terms of the Master Fund may be subject to continuing negotiation with prospective investors and 
may be different from those summarized or provided in the Memorandum, and (ii) the actual realized 
returns on unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns indicated in the Memorandum. 
The Investor understands that all of the Onshore Feeder Fund's investment assets will be its investment in 
the Master Fund and substantially all of the Master Fund's investment assets will be its investments in the 
Investment Funds (as defined below). The Investor was offered the Interest through private negotiations, 
not through any general solicitation or general advertising. Other than as set forth herein and in the 
Memorandum and the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement, the Investor is not relying upon any information 
(including, without limitation, any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any 
newspaper, magazine, website or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, and any seminars or 
meetings whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or advertising) provided by the 
Onshore Feeder Fund, the General Partner, or any of their affiliates or agents, written or otherwise, in 
determining to invest in the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
(f) 
The Investor can bear the economic risk of this investment and can afford a complete loss 
of its investment. The aggregate amount of the investments of the Investor in, and its commitments to. all 
similar investments that arc illiquid is reasonable in relation to its net worth. 
(g) 
The Onshore Feeder Fund and the Investment Manager have made available to the 
Investor, during the course of this transaction and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to 
ask questions of and receive answers from the Onshore Feeder Fund and the Investment Manager 
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering described in the Memorandum, and to obtain any 
additional information necessary to verify the information contained in the Memorandum or otherwise 
relative to the business of the Onshore Feeder Fund, to the extent that the Onshore Feeder Fund or the 
Investment Manager possesses such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense 
and is not subject to confidentiality obligations with respect thereto, and all such questions, if asked, have 
been answered satisfactorily and all such documents, if examined, have been found to be fully 
satisfactory. 
(h) 
The Investor is aware and acknowledges that (i) the Onshore Feeder Fund has no 
operating history; (ii) the Interest involves a substantial degree of risk of loss of the Investor's entire 
investment and there is no assurance of any income from such investment; (iii) any tax benefits which 
may be available to the Investor may be lost through the adoption of new laws or regulations or changes 
to existing laws and regulations or differing interpretations of existing laws and regulations, in certain 
circumstances with retroactive effect; (iv) the Investor, in making this investment, is relying, if at all, 
solely upon the advice of such Investor's personal tax advisor with respect to the tax aspects of an 
investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund; and (v) because there are substantial restrictions on the 
transferability of the Interests it may not be possible for the Investor to liquidate such Investor's 
investment readily in any event, including in case of an emergency. 
(i) 
If the Investor is an individual, he or she is at least 21 y ears of age. has adequate means 
of providing for all of his or her current and foreseeable needs and personal contingencies and has no 
need for liquidity in this investment. 
(j) 
If the Investor is not an individual, the Investor has the power and authority to enter into 
this Subscription Agreement and each other document required to be executed and delivered by the 
Investor in connection with this subscription for an Interest, and to perform its obligations hereunder and 
thereunder and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and the person signing this 
Subscription Agreement on behalf of the Investor has been duly authorized to execute and deliver this 
Subscription Agreement and each other document required to be executed and delivered by the Investor 
in connection with this subscription for an Interest. If die Investor is an individual, the Investor has all 
Subscription Agreement - 7 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109133 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255317 
EFTA01452219

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452220.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute, deliver and comply with the terms 
of each of the documents required to be executed and delivered by the Investor in connection with this 
subscription for an Interest. Such execution, delivery and compliance by the Investor does not conflict 
with, or constitute a default under, any instruments governing the Investor, any law, regulation or order, 
or any agreement to which the Investor is a party, by which the Investor is bound or to which it is subject. 
This Subscription Agreement has been duly authorized and executed by the Investor and constitutes a 
valid and legally binding agreement of the Investor. 
(k) 
Any information which the Investor has heretofore furnished to the Onshore Feeder Fund 
or any agent of the Onshore Feeder Fund with respect to the Investor, including the information in this 
Subscription Agreement and the Investor Questionnaire, is correct and complete as of the date of this 
Subscription Agreement, and if there should be any material change in such information prior to its 
purchase of the Interest, the Investor will immediately furnish such revised or corrected information to the 
Onshore Feeder Fund. 
(I) 
The representations, warranties, agreements, undertakings and acknowledgments made 
by the Investor in this Subscription Agreement are made with the intent that they be relied upon by the 
Onshore Feeder Fund in determining the Investor's suitability as a purchaser of the Interest, and shall 
survive its purchase. In addition, the Investor undertakes to notify the Onshore Feeder Fund immediately 
if any representation, warranty or other information relating to the Investor set forth herein, including that 
information provided in the Investor Questionnaire, becomes untrue, misleading or inaccurate. 
(m) 
The Investor represents and warrants that, to the best of its knowledge, none of: (i) the 
Investor (ii) any person controlling or controlled by the Investor, (iii) if the Investor is a privately held 
entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the Investor, or (iv) any person for whom the Investor is 
acting as agent or nominee in connection with the purchase of the Interest is (A) a country. territory, 
individual or entity named on a list maintained by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of 
Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") or on HM Treasury's Sanction List ("HMTSL"), (B) a person 
prohibited under certain programs administered by OFAC or HM Treasury's Asset Freezing Unit 
("HMTAFU"), (C) a "foreign shell bank" within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. § 
5311 et seq.), as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the United States Department 
of the Treasury, (D) a person listed on the United Nations Consolidated List or (E) a person listed on the 
consolidated list of persons, groups and entities subject to European Union financial sanctions. Such 
persons described in clauses (A) through (E) above arc collectively referred to as "Prohibited Persons". 
(n) 
Neither the Investor nor any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or 
under common control with the Investor is a person identified as a terrorist organization on any relevant 
lists maintained by governmental authorities. 
(o) 
If the Investor is an individual, the Investor has received and read carefully and 
understands the Privacy Policy attached hereto as Annex B. 
(p) 
The statements as to net worth and annual income or assets of the Investor and the other 
information provided in this Subscription Agreement and the Investor Questionnaire arc true, correct and 
complete in all material respects. 
(q) 
The Investor maintains its domicile, and is not merely a transient or temporary resident, 
at the residence address shown in the Investor Questionnaire. 
Subscription Agreement - 8 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109134 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255318 
EFTA01452220

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452221.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
the Onshore Feeder Fund. Neither the offering of interests in the Onshore Feeder Fund nor the provision 
of the Memorandum should be considered an offering of interests in the Master Fund. The Master Fund, 
its general partner, the Master Fund Manager and their respective agents have not endorsed and make no 
representations or recommendations of the Onshore Feeder Fund and are not responsible for the contents 
hereof. Moreover, none of the Onshore Feeder Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator or any of their respective affiliates (other than the Master Fund Manager as the manager of 
the Master Fund) has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the Master Fund, 
or has any discretion over the management of the Master Fund. 
(v) 
The Investor is acquiring the Interest in compliance with, and will comply with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and other legal requirements including, without limitation, the legal 
requirements of the jurisdictions in which the Investor is a resident and in which such acquisition is being 
consummated. In addition, the Investor meets any additional or different suitability standards imposed by 
the jurisdiction of the Investor's residence or jurisdiction of organization or imposed by any other 
applicable laws or by the organizational documents of the Investor. The Investor hereby covenants that it 
is and will continue to be in compliance with all rules and regulations that constitute the body of law by 
which it is governed. 
(w) 
None of the information concerning the Investor nor any statement, representation or 
warranty made by the Investor in this Subscription Agreement or in the Investor Questionnaire contains 
any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the 
statements contained therein or herein not misleading. 
(x) 
The Investor certifies under penalty of perjury that the information contained in Form W-
(Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification) or any other appropriate U.S. tax 
information that may be submitted to the Onshore Feeder Fund is correct, and the Investor agrees to 
promptly inform the Investment Manager of any change in such information and to execute a new Form 
W-9 or such other documents as may be necessary to reflect the correct information. 
(y) 
The Investor understands and agrees that the certifications, acknowledgments, 
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made herein may be used as a defense in any 
actions relating to the Onshore Feeder Fund, the Master Fund, or the offering or sale of Interests, and that 
it is only on the basis of such certifications, acknowledgments, representations. warranties, covenants and 
agreements that the Onshore Feeder Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager may be 
willing to accept the Investor's subscription for the Interest. 
(z) 
If all or part of the funds that the Investor is using or will use to fund its Capital 
Commitment are assets of an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) subject to Title I of ERISA or a plan 
described in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, or an entity whose underlying assets include plan assets for 
purposes of ERISA or the Code by reason of a plan's investment in the entity: 
the funds so constituting plan assets have been identified in writing to the 
General Partner; 
(ii) 
the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest is permissible under the 
documents governing the investment of such plan assets; 
(iii) 
in making the proposed purchase of an Interest, the Investor is aware of and has 
taken into consideration the diversification requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA or other 
Subscription Agreement - 10 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109136 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255320 
EFTA01452221

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452222.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
applicable law, if any, and the decision to invest plan assets in the Onshore Feeder Fund is 
consistent with such provisions; 
(iv) 
the Investor has concluded that the proposed purchase of an Interest is consistent 
with applicable fiduciary responsibilities under ERISA and other applicable law, if any; and 
(v) 
the investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund by the Investor will not result in a 
non-exempt "prohibited transaction" within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code. 
(aa) 
If the investment in the Interest is being made on behalf of a plan established and 
maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political 
subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, (i) there is no provision in the instruments governing such 
plan or any federal, state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to 
the plan that could in any respect affect the operation of the Onshore Feeder Fund by the General Partner 
or prohibit any action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of the Onshore 
Feeder Fund, including, without limitation, the investments which may be made pursuant to the 
investment strategies, the concentration of investments and the payments by the plan of incentive or other 
fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund will not conflict with or violate the 
instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or 
constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
(bb) 
If the investment in the Interest is being made on behalf of an employee benefit plan 
maintained outside of the United States primarily for the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are 
nonresident aliens (as described in Section 4(b) (4) of ERISA), (i) there is no provision in the instruments 
governing such plan or any federal, state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional 
provision applicable to the plan that could in any respect affect the operation of the Onshore Feeder Fund 
by the General Partner or prohibit any action contemplated by the operational documents and related 
disclosure of the Onshore Feeder Fund, including, without limitation, the investments which may be made 
pursuant to the investment strategies, the concentration of investments and the payments by the plan of 
incentive or other fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund will not conflict with or 
violate the instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or 
constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
(cc) 
The Investor agrees that all Capital Contributions and Distributions will be made through 
its Deutsche Bank Private Wealth Management Account (a "DB Account") in accordance with the 
attached Letter of Authorization. The Investor understands that if it closes its DB Account during the 
term of the Onshore Feeder Fund and fails to provide the General Partner or the Administrator with 
identification verification information or other information required by anti-money laundering or other 
governmental regulations, the General Partner or the Investment Manager may - freeze" the Investor's 
Interest, either by prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or Distributions or declining any transfer 
request. 
(dd) 
The Investor hereby consents to receive Schedule K-I electronically (the "Consent") 
from the Onshore Feeder Fund. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that: 
(i) 
Any Investor that does not Consent will be provided with a paper copy of 
Schedule K-1, which will be mailed to the Investor's address on file with the Onshore Feeder 
Fund, and the Investor will pay all costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, 
assembly and delivery of such Schedule K-1. Failure to pay such costs and expenses shall 
Subscription Agreement - 11 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109137 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255321 
EFTA01452222

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452223.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
constitute a default pursuant to the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement. All Investors that Consent 
will receive Schedule K-Is only in electronic form. 
(ii) 
The Consent applies to each Schedule K-I requited to be furnished to the 
Investor by the Onshore Feeder Fund unless and until a formal withdrawal of Consent is received 
by the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
The Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing 
(electronically or on paper) to Marina Vasin, Deutsche Bank Private Equity, 345 Park Avenue, 
Mail Stop: NYC 20-2422, New York, NY, 10154, or by e-mail at Marina.Vasin@db.com. The 
withdrawal of Consent will be effective either on the date it is received by the Onshore Feeder 
Fund, or on a subsequent date determined by the Onshore Feeder Fund and communicated to the 
Recipient within 60 days after the Onshore Feeder Fund receives the withdrawal. The Onshore 
Feeder Fund will confirm the withdrawal and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A 
withdrawal of Consent does not apply to a Schedule K-I that was furnished electronically before 
the date on which the withdrawal takes effect. 
(iii) 
The Investor must inform the Onshore Feeder Fund of any updated contact 
information, including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as possible by 
sending the updated information to Marina Vasin, Deutsche Bank Private Equity, 345 Park 
Avenue, Mail Stop: NYC 20-2422, New York, NY, 10154, or by e-mail at 
Marina.Vasin®db.com. The Onshore Feeder Fund will inform the Investor of any change in the 
Master Fund's contact information. 
(iv) 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through 
IntralinIcse prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
(v) 
Access to the internet, an e-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-I. The Schedule K-I may be required to be printed and 
attached to a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
(ee) 
The Investor understands and acknowledges that Interests are not available to residents of 
Japan or corporations or other entities organized under the laws of Japan (collectively, "Japanese 
Investors" and each a "Japanese Investor"). Accordingly, the Investor represents that it is not a Japanese 
Investor. The Investor covenants that it will promptly notify the Placement Agent, the Investment 
Manager and the General Partner should the Investor become a Japanese Investor. The Investor 
understands and acknowledges that should it become a Japanese Investor, the Investor's Interest may be 
subject to forfeiture to the Onshore Feeder Fund or to otherwise compulsory repurchase or transfer, with 
or without compensation. with no further distributions with respect to such forfeited, repurchased or 
transferred Interest. 
4. 
Prevention of Money Laundering. 
(a) 
The Investor understands, acknowledges, represents and agrees (i) that the funds used to 
purchase the Investor's Interest in the Onshore Feeder Fund do not represent the proceeds of illegal 
activity, and are not derived from, or related to, any activities that are deemed criminal under U.K. law or 
that may contravene U.S. federal or state or other non-U.S. laws and regulations, including anti-money 
laundering laws and regulations; (ii) that the acceptance of this Subscription Agreement, together with the 
appropriate remittance, will not breach any applicable money laundering or related rules or regulations 
(including, without limitation, any statutes, rules or regulations in effect under the laws of the United 
States or any state thereof pertaining to prohibitions on money laundering or to transacting business or 
dealing in property that may be blocked or may belong to Specially Designated Nationals as those terms 
are used by the OFAC); (iii) that no payments, advances or contributions by the Investor to the Onshore 
Subscription Agreement - 12 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109138 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255322 
EFTA01452223

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452224.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Feeder Fund, to the extent such payment, advance or contribution is within the Investor's control, shall 
cause the General Partner, the Investment Manager or the Administrator to be in violation of any 
applicable anti-money laundering laws in the United Kingdom, including the Proceeds of Crime Act 
2002, the Terrorism Act 2000 and the Money Laundering Regulations 2007 and the anti-money 
laundering rules of the U.K. Financial Services Authority or any successive U.K. governmental agency or 
the anti-money laundering laws of any other applicable jurisdiction; (iv) that all payments, advances and 
contributions by the Investor to the Onshore Feeder Fund and all payments and distributions to the 
Investor from the Onshore Feeder Fund will only be made in the Investor's name and to and from a bank 
account of a bank based or incorporated in or formed under the laws of the United States or a bank that is 
not a "foreign shell bank" within the meaning of the Bank Secrecy Act and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder; (v) in connection with its subscription for an Interest and so long as the Investor holds any 
Interest in the Onshore Feeder Fund, to promptly provide to the General Partner, the Investment Manager, 
the Administrator or any other party designated for receipt of such information, upon their request, 
documentation verifying the Investor's identity, and any additional documents or information about the 
Investor, its legal representatives, authorized signatories, its legal or beneficial owners, control structure, 
or its affiliates that Deutsche Bank, the Onshore Feeder Fund, the General Partner, the Administrator or 
their delegates may require in order to comply with any money laundering or related laws, rules or 
regulations, including such applicable information as set out in Annex B to the Investor Questionnaire; 
(vi) that due to money laundering requirements within their respective jurisdictions (which requirements 
are in effect at the time this Subscription Agreement is submitted to the Onshore Feeder Fund or which 
become effective at any future time), the General Partner or the Administrator may require further 
evidence of the Investor's identity and source of funds before, and from time to time after, this 
Subscription Agreement can be processed, and the General Partner or the Administrator may be required 
to take such other actions as may be necessary for the General Partner or the Administrator to comply 
with such money laundering regulations; (vii) that it hereby consents to disclosure to govemmental 
authorities or other parties information provided pursuant to this Section 4 if the General Partner or the 
Administrator determines such disclosure is necessary or advisable pursuant to applicable law or 
regulations; and (viii) to hold harmless and indemnify each of the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, the Administrator and their respective designees against any losses arising from the failure to 
process such Investor's application if such Investor does not provide such requested information (or from 
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made, or other information provided, by the Investor 
herein or in the Investor Questionnaire). The Investor understands and agrees that the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager may be obligated to -freeze" the Investor's Interest, either by prohibiting 
additional Capital Contributions and/or declining any transfer or withdrawal requests or Distributions 
with respect to such Interest, if the Investor is or becomes a Prohibited Person or otherwise as the 
General Partner or Investment Manager reasonably deems it necessary to comply with applicable money 
laundering or related rules or regulations, and that the General Partner or the Investment Manager may 
also be required to report such action and to disclose the Investor's identity to OFAC, HMTAFU, the 
U.K. Serious Organised Crime Agency or other appropriate regulatory body. To the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Investor shall have no claim against any person for any form of damages 
as a result of any of the actions described in this clause. 
(b) 
The Investor understands, acknowledges, represents and agrees that many jurisdictions 
arc in the process of changing or creating anti-money laundering, embargo and trade sanctions, or similar 
laws, regulations, requirements (whether or not with force of law) or regulatory policies and many 
financial intermediaries arc in the process of changing or creating responsive disclosure and compliance 
policies (collectively "Requirements") and the Onshore Feeder Fund could be requested or required to 
obtain certain assurances from Investors subscribing for Interests, disclose information pertaining to them 
to governmental, regulatory, self-regulator), or other authorities or to financial intermediaries or engage in 
due diligence or take other related actions in the future. The Investor understands, acknowledges. 
represents and agrees that it is the Onshore Feeder Fund's policy to comply with Requirements to which it 
Subscription Agreement -13 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109139 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255323 
EFTA01452224

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452225.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
is or may become subject and to interpret them broadly in favor of disclosure. The Investor hereby 
agrees, and by mason of owning any Interest will be deemed to have agreed, to provide additional 
information directly to the Investment Manager, the General Partner or their delegates or take such other 
actions as may be necessary or advisable for the Onshore Feeder Fund (in the judgment of the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager or the Administrator) to comply with any Requirements, related legal 
process or appropriate requests (whether formal or informal) or otherwise. The Investor hereby consents, 
and by reason of owning any Interest will be deemed to have consented, to disclosure by the Onshore 
Feeder Fund, the General Partner the Administrator, the Investment Manager and their respective agents 
to relevant third parties of information pertaining to such Investor in respect of Requirements or 
information requests related thereto. The Investor understands, acknowledges, represents and agrees that 
in the event such Investor fails to honor any such request, the General Partner or the Investment Manager 
may be obligated to "freeze" the Investor's Interest, have the Onshore Feeder Fund redeem such 
Investor's Interest, or force a sale of such Investor's Interest to another person or entity. 
(c) 
The Investor understands, acknowledges, represents and agrees that, pursuant to 
enhanced anti-money laundering requirements, in the event any of the personal or institutional 
information provided pursuant to this Section 4 changes, the Investor must immediately notify the 
Investment Manager of any such change and provide the Investment Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify such change. 
(d) 
The representations, warranties and agreements set forth in this Section 4 shall survive 
the closing date applicable to this subscription and will be deemed to be reaffirmed by the Investor at any 
time the Investor (i) makes a contribution to the Onshore Feeder Fund either in response to a capital call 
in furtherance of its Capital Commitment or in connection with a subsequent purchase of an additional 
Interest, or (ii) receives a payment or distribution from the Onshore Feeder Fund. The act of (i) making 
either such contributions or purchases or (ii) receiving such payments or distributions will be evidence of 
such reaffirmation. If at any time during the term of the Onshore Feeder Fund the representations and 
warranties set forth in this Section 4, or in Sections 3(m) and 3(n) above, shall cease to be true, the 
Investor shall promptly so notify the Investment Manager in writing. 
5. 
Indemnity.
The Investor understands that the information provided herein aill be relied upon by the Onshore 
Feeder Fund for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase an Interest and for 
purposes of the Onshore Feeder Fund's investment in the Master Fund. The Investor agrees to provide, if 
requested, any additional information that may reasonably be required to determine the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase an Interest. The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Onshore Feeder 
Fund, the General Partner, its directors, employees, officers, agents or controlling persons, the Investment 
Manager, the Administrator and their respective, officers, employees, directors, partners, agents, legal 
representatives and controlling persons of any of them ("Indemnitees"), from and against any loss, 
expense, judgment, settlement cost, fee and related expenses (including attorneys' fees and expenses) due 
to or arising out of a breach of any representation, warranty or agreement of the Investor contained in this 
Subscription Agreement, in the Investor Questionnaire or in any other document provided by the Investor 
to the Onshore Feeder Fund in connection with the Investor's investment in an Interest. The Investor 
hereby agrees to indemnify the Indemnitees, and to hold them harmless against all liabilities, costs or 
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising as a result of the sale or distribution of the Interest 
by the Investor in violation of the Securities Act or other applicable law or any misrepresentation or 
breach by the Investor with respect to the matters set forth herein. In addition, the Investor agrees to 
indemnify the Indemnitees and to hold such persons and firms harmless from and against, any and all 
loss, damage, liability or expense, including costs and reasonable attorneys' fees, to which they may be 
put or which they may incur or sustain by reason of or in connection with any misrepresentation made by 
Subscription Agreement - 14 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109140 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255324 
EFTA01452225

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452226.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
the Investor with respect to the matters about which representations and warranties are required by the 
terms of this Subscription Agreement or the Investor Questionnaire, or any breach of any such warranties 
or any failure to fulfill any covenants or agreements set forth herein or included in and as defined in the 
Memorandum. Notwithstanding any provision of this Subscription Agreement, the Investor does not 
waive any rights granted to it under applicable securities laws. 
6. 
Payment of Subscription and Other Amounts. 
The Investor shall pay the total amount due at closing (if any) on the due date of the first Capital 
Call by way of transfer from the Investor's DB Account upon not less than five days' advance notice. The 
Investor shall complete the attached Letter of Authorization, and all payments of subscription and other 
amounts due hereunder shall be transferred from the Investor's DB Account in accordance with the Letter 
of Authorization and all Distributions will be received from the Onshore Feeder Fund through such DB 
Account, and the Investor agrees to have funds in the Investor's DB Account on the due date of the first 
Capital Call. With respect to subsequent capital calls, such Investor shall fund such capital calls 
(including, without limitation, the recall of any distributions) or increase its Capital Commitment, as 
applicable, pursuant to this Subscription Agreement, upon not less than five days' advance notice of such 
respective funding dates by transfer from the Investor's DB Account. If the Investor's subscription is 
rejected in whole or in part at any time after the initial transfer is made, the amount rejected shall be 
promptly transferred back to the account from which such transfer was made or otherwise refunded. 
7. 
Confidentiality. 
(a) 
The Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of (i) Non-Public Information (as defined 
below) and (ii) any information subject to a confidentiality agreement binding upon the General Partner, 
the Onshore Feeder Fund or the Investment Manager and made known to the Investor; provided that the 
Investor may disclose Non-Public Information to (A) its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, attorneys 
and professional consultants or (B) to the extent such Investor is required to disclose such Non-Public 
Information pursuant to legal process or an order of any federal or state administrative agency or self-
regulatory organization; provided that (x) in the case of clause (A), such persons are notified in advance 
of such disclosure that such disclosure is made in confidence and such persons agree to keep such 
disclosure in confidence and (y) in the case of clause (B), such Investor agrees to use its reasonable best 
efforts to provide the General Partner and the Investment Manager with prompt prior notice of such 
process so that it may seek an appropriate protective order or other appropriate remedy. 
(b) 
As used in this Section 7 "Non-Public Information" means information regarding the 
Onshore Feeder Fund, the Master Fund, any investment funds of the Master Fund or other portfolio 
investments of the Master Fund (the "Investment Funds') (including information regarding any potential 
Investment Fund), the Investment Manager, the General Partner or any of their affiliates received by such 
Investor in connection with this Subscription Agreement or otherwise, including, without limitation, 
information provided in annual reports and quarterly status reports of the Onshore Feeder Fund, but does 
not include information that (i) was publicly known at the time such Investor receives such information; 
(ii) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act or omission by such Investor; or (iii) is 
communicated to such Investor by a third-party free of any obligation of confidence known to such 
Investor. The Investment Manager and the General Partner hereby notify the Investor that they consider 
all Non-Public Information "trade secrets" of the Investment Manager and the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
(c) 
Moreover, notwithstanding anything expressed or implied to the contrary in this 
Subscription Agreement, the Memorandum, the Onshore Feeder LP Agreement and any other Onshore 
Feeder Fund documents, each Investor and prospective Investor (and each representative or other agent of 
each such Investor and prospective Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, 
Subscription Agreement - 15 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109141 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255325 
EFTA01452226

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452227.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, 
without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and any facts that may be relevant to the tax structure of 
the transactions contemplated by this Subscription Agreement, the Memorandum and the agreements 
referred to therein, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are 
provided to any such persons relating to such tax treatment and tax structure; provided, however that no 
Investor or prospective Investor (and no representative, or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment and tax structure of such transactions 
(including the identity of any party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity 
of any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably be expected to 
result in a violation of any applicable federal or state securities laws. 
8. 
General.
This Subscription Agreement shall be binding upon the Investor and the personal representatives, 
successors and assigns of the Investor. The Investor agrees that neither this Subscription Agreement nor 
any rights which may accrue to the Investor hereunder may be transferred or assigned without the consent 
of the General Partner, which ma> be granted or withheld in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the 
place where this Subscription Agreement may be executed by any of the parties, the parties expressly 
agree that all terms and provisions hereof shall be govemed, construed and enforced solely under the laws 
of the State of Delaware, without reference to any principles of conflicts of law (except insofar as affected 
by the state securities or "blue sky" laws of the jurisdiction in which the offering described herein has 
been made to the Investor). This Subscription Agreement shall survive the admission of the Investor to 
the Onshore Feeder Fund and shall, if the Investor consists of more than one person, be the joint and 
several obligation of all such persons. 
9. 
Jurisdiction.
The courts of the State of Delaware shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any action, suit or 
proceeding with respect to this Subscription Agreement and the Investor hereby irrevocably waives, to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, whether now or in the future, to the laying 
of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts for the purposes of any such suit, action, 
proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such suit, action, proceeding or judgment 
has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby submits to such jurisdiction. The 
parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be awarded in any such action, suit 
or proceeding. 
10. 
Suitability.
The truth, correctness and completeness of the information supplied by the Investor (including, 
information in this Subscription Agreement and the Investor Questionnaire) is warranted pursuant to 
Sections 3(k), (I), (w) and (x) hereof. 
11. 
Disclosure Authorization. 
By executing this Subscription Agreement, the Investor (a) authorizes the General Partner (or its 
delegate) to utilize and to provide information regarding the Investor's account, including information for 
purposes of tax reporting and withholding, to parties including but not limited to the Investment Manager, 
the Administrator, the Onshore Feeder Fund's legal counsel and withholding agents and the Master Fund 
until said authorization is revoked by the Investor in writing delivered to the General Partner (or its 
delegate) and (b) agrees to allow each of the Onshore Feeder Fund, the Investment Manager, the 
Subscription Agreement - 16 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109142 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255326 
EFTA01452227

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452228.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Administrator, the Master Fund and the Investment Funds to divulge the name of such Investor if so 
required by application of law, regulation, judicial process or at the request of a regulator. 
12. 
Trans* of Funds. 
The Onshore Feeder Fund, the Investment Manager and the Administrator reserve the right to 
request any additional documentation necessary to verify the identity of the Investor and the source of the 
Investor's payment in order to comply with the laws of the United States or any state thereof. Please be 
aware that your failure to provide such documentation may delay acceptance of your subscription or 
cause your subscription to be rejected entirely. The Onshore Feeder Fund, the Administrator and the 
Investment Manager shall be held harmless by any potential investor against any loss arising as a result of 
a failure to provide any requested documentation. 
All copies should be in English and certified as being "true and correct copies of the original" by 
the jurisdiction in which the Investor is resident. 
Subscription Agreement - 17 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109143 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255327 
EFTA01452228

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452229.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Subscription Agreement Signature Pale 
INVESTOR NAME: 
SOCIAL SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (if applicable): 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Investor has executed this Subscription Agreement on the 
date set forth below. 
Capital Commitment to Secondary Opportunities 
Fund 111 Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P.: 
Placement Fee:* 
Up to 2.5% 
ENTITY INVESTOR SIGN HERE: 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR SIGN HERE:—
(Print Name of Entity) 
(Print Name) 
By: 
(Signature) 
(Signature) 
(Print Name and Title) 
(Date) 
(Date) 
Deutsche Bank Representative or other Witness signature (required):  
Country in which this Agreement was signed:  
The placement fee is a one-time stiles charge in addition and apart from the Capital Commitment. calculated and payable 
upon closing (e.g.. a Sin= Commitment will result in a 525,000 placement fee). 
If the Investor is investing through an account at Deutsthe Dank over which Deutsthe Bank or one of its affiliates (including 
Dinit
he Bank Trust Company Americas and the Deubthe Bank Ala. Brown division of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
exercises investment discretion or authority, the Investor in whose name the account is held, and not the Deitsche Bank 
account manager, must execute this Subscription Agreement. By executing this Subscription Agreement, such Investor 
hereby provides its consent to the subscription described herein in accordance with Section 206 of the Investment Advisers 
Act of 1940, as amended. 
Subscription Agreement - 18 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109144 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255328 
EFTA01452229

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452230.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
INVESTOR NAME: 
ACCEPTANCE OF SUBSCRIPTION 
The undersigned hereby accepts the above subscription for an Interest on behalf of the Onshore Feeder 
Fund. 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND III PRIVATE CLIENT FEEDER FUND (U.S.), L.P. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Date: 
Subscription Agreement - 19 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109145 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255329 
EFTA01452230

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452231.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Annex A to Subscription Agreement 
FEES AND EXPENSES 
"Organizational Expenses" include (i) all costs of organizing the Onshore Feeder Fund and the 
Offshore Feeder Fund (including, but not limited to, legal and accounting fees (including legal fees of 
the Master Fund to the extent that such fees are incurred in connection with the Onshore Feeder Fund's 
direct investment, or the Offshore Feeder Fund's indirect investment, in the Master Fund), tax advisory 
expenses, start-up expenses (including set up costs), expenses of the General Partner (including start-up 
expenses of the General Partner), and custodial, administrative and printing costs), and (ii) costs 
associated with the offering of Interests in the Feeder Funds not borne by the Placement Agents 
(including marketing and marketing-related travel costs incurred by the Investment Manager, the 
Placement Agents and their affiliates and printing costs and certain legal and third-party provider costs, 
but excluding any Placement Fee charged by any Placement Agent, which is in addition to, and apart 
from, a Limited Partner's Capital Commitment). Organizational Expenses charged to the Onshore 
Feeder Fund are expected to be approximately $800,000 in the aggregate and will be borne pro raw by 
all Limited Partners in the Onshore Feeder Fund (including the Offshore Feeder Fund). 
"Operating Expenses" include costs and expenses associated with the ongoing operations of the 
Onshore Feeder Fund, including, without limitation, administrative fees and expenses (including, 
without limitation, fees and expenses relating to online reporting), legal and recording fees and 
expenses, any interest, fees and expenses payable in respect of any credit facility entered into by the 
Onshore Feeder Fund, accounting, audit and tax preparation and other third-party provider expenses, 
including expenses related to tax reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act (the "FATCA"), reasonable out-of-
pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, research and other expenses related to the 
ongoing management of the Onshore Feeder Fund (including, without limitation, travel expenses 
associated with monitoring the Master Fund, attending meetings with the managers of and investors in 
the Master Fund and attending meetings with Limited Partners, research related expenses and the costs 
associated with the Investment Manager's database, whether internal or provided by a third party 
service provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation purposes) (the "Investment 
Manager's Out-of-Pocket Expenses"), the custodian's fee. the Administrator's fee, the General 
Partner's Fee (including its operating expenses), tax (including withholding tax), litigation, insurance, 
indemnification and extraordinary expenses, Onshore Feeder Fund Management Fees payable to the 
Investment Manager and amounts due under or in connection with any credit facility entered into by the 
Onshore Feeder Fund. 
"Investment Fund Expenses" include (i) any management fee (the "Master Fund Management 
Fee') payable by the Onshore Feeder Fund in respect of the Onshore Feeder Fund being a limited 
partner of the Master Fund (i.e., the General Partner's Share (as defined in the Master Fund Partnership 
Agreement)), any organizational and operational expenses of the Master Fund and carried interest 
payable in respect of the Master Fund, and (ii) any other amounts charged by the Master Fund to the 
Onshore Feeder Fund by virtue of the Onshore Feeder Fund being or becoming an investor in the 
Master Fund (including in respect of expenses of the Master Fund's underlying investments). 
The General Partner, Administrator and Investment Manager, each in accordance with the LP 
Agreement or its respective agreement(s) with the Onshore Feeder Fund, will be responsible for the 
costs of providing its services to the Onshore Feeder Fund, including general overhead, salary, 
employee benefit and office expenses (other than the Investment Manager's Out-of-Pocket Expenses). 
To the extent any tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General Partner, the 
Investment Manager or the Onshore Feeder Fund because of the identity or jurisdiction or action of a 
Limited Partner or the failure of a Limited Partner to provide any information, the economic cost of all 
A-I 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109146 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255330 
EFTA01452231

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452232.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Annex A to Subscription Agreement 
expenses incurred by the General Partner, the Investment Manager or the Onshore Feeder Fund to carry 
out such responsibilities will not be treated as Operating Expenses and instead will be specially 
allocated by the General Partner or the Investment Manager, in its discretion, to such Limited Partner. 
The General Partner or the Investment Manager may hold back or offset any cash distributions payable 
to such Limited Partner to satisfy, the Limited Partner's obligation. All amounts that the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager withholds or otherwise pays on behalf of such Limited Partner will 
be treated as if such amounts were distributed to the Limited Partner. 
The Onshore Feeder Fund may utilize affiliates of Deutsche Bank to serve as placement agents, and may 
also utilize third-party placement agents (each, a 'Placement Agent"). At the time of the relevant closing 
of the Onshore Feeder Fund, each Limited Partner will pay a one-time sales charge or "Placement Fee" 
in full to the appropriate Placement Agent in connection with its subscription. The Placement Fee will 
equal up to 2.5% of the Limited Partner's Capital Commitment, as determined by the applicable 
Placement Agent, will be payable by the Limited Partner either directly or indirectly (via payment to the 
Onshore Feeder Fund, which will pay such fee to the appropriate Placement Agent) to the Placement 
Agent and is in addition to, and apart from, the Limited Partner's Capital Commitment. Certain Deutsche 
Bank employees ("DB Investors") may invest (directly or indirectly) in the Onshore Feeder Fund. Each 
Placement Agent in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee 
payable by any particular Investor, including any DB Investor. Failure to pay the Placement Fee will 
constitute an event of default. 
A-2 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109147 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255331 
EFTA01452232

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452233.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Annex B to Subscription Agreement 
PRIVACY POLICY 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. (the "Onshore 
Feeder Fund') and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (and any substitute or successor thereto) (the 
"Investment Manager") consider privacy to be fundamental to their relationship with investors. They are 
committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and security of investors' personal information. 
Internal policies have been developed to protect this confidentiality, while allowing investor needs to be 
served. 
The Onshore Feeder Fund and the Investment Manager do not disclose non-public 
personal information about investors or former investors to third parties other than as described herein. 
They collect information about you (such as your name, address, social security number, assets and 
income) from their discussions with you and from documents that you may deliver to them. In order to 
provide you with such services the Onshore Feeder Fund and the Investment Manager may provide your 
personal information to affiliates and to firms that provide assistance in servicing the Onshore Feeder 
Fund and that have a need for such information, such as a broker, custodian, administrator or other service 
provider. They require third-party service providers and financial institutions with which they have 
relationships to protect the confidentiality of your information and to use the information only for the 
purposes for which the information is disclosed. They do not otherwise provide information about you to 
outside firms, organizations or individuals except (i) to their attorneys, accountants, administrators, 
marketers and auditors and as permitted by law; (ii) for purposes of tax reporting and withholding; and 
(iii) as required by regulatory authorities or law enforcement officials who have jurisdiction over the 
Onshore Feeder Fund or as otherwise required by applicable law. 
The Onshore Feeder Fund and the Investment Manager restrict access to non-public 
personal information about you to their employees and affiliates with a legitimate business need for the 
information. In particular, the General Partner and the Investment Manager may from time to time sham 
information about you with affiliates of the Investment Manager for the purposes of (i) supervising and 
supporting the management of your business relationship, including by performing administrative 
activities; (ii) allowing Deutsche Bank management (or its duly authorized designees) to provide general 
support, customer service and marketing for all of Deutsche Bank's clients globally; and/or (iii) allowing 
Deutsche Bank Legal and Compliance to analyze regulatory and legal risk that may impact you, Deutsche 
Bank's other clients or Deutsche Bank. The Onshore Feeder Fund and the Investment Manager maintain 
physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect your personal information. 
B-I 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109148 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255332 
EFTA01452233

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452234.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Investor Questionnaire 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109149 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255333 
EFTA01452234

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452235.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE FOR INDIVIDUALS 
INDIVIDUALS: Please complete Parts I through VI of this Questionnaire and then proceed to 
"Form PF." 
1. 
General Information. 
A. 
Investor Contact Information (all fields required'. 
I) Print Full Legal Name of Investor. 
2) Social Security Number. Tax Identification Number or other Government-Issued Identification 
Number (required): 
3) Primary• Contact for All Correspondence: 
Address: 
4) Telephone Number (home) 
(work) 
(other) 
5) Facsimile Number 
6) E-mail Address (required): 
7) Permanent Address: 
(if different from above) 
B. 
Birth Information. 
1) Date of Birth:  
(Please provide month, date and year.) 
2) Country of Origin or Birth: 
3) Country of Citizenship: 
C. 
Additional Interested Party. 
In addition to the Primary Contact listed above, correspondence from the Onshore Feeder Fund will also 
be sent, at the Investor's option, to one additional interested party (e.g., Investor's financial advisor, 
accountant, attorney, etc.). Please note that correspondence will only be sent via the online reporting tool. 
Please provide relevant information listed below if applicable: 
Name of Interested Party: 
Telephone Number: 
E-mail Address: 
Investor Questionnaire - 1 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109150 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255334 
EFTA01452235

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452236.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
In onler to complete question 1 above, please mad Annex A of this Investor Questionnaire for 
information regarding what is includable in "investments" and for infomiation regarding the valuation of 
such -investments." 
IV. 
Status as a Politically Exposed Person. 
Is the Investor a senior government, political or military official, or an immediate family member or close 
associate of such person (a "politically exposed person")? 
Yes 
No 
If yes, which government 
, what position in the government  
and, if an immediate family member or close associate of a politically exposed person, what relationship 
to the politically exposed person 
V. 
Source of Funds. 
Please summarize the sources of funds used to make this investment (for example, business profits (if so, 
state type of business), investment income, savings, etc.): 
VI. 
Employee of Deutsche Bank. 
IF ME INVESTOR IS NOT AN EMPLOYEE OF DEUTSCHE BANK. PLEASE DO NOT INITIAL 
THE STATEMENT BELOW. 
IF THE INVESTOR IS AN EMPLOYEE OF DEUTSCHE BANK, PLEASE INITIAL INDICATING 
THAT THE !NV&STOR HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE STATEMENT BELOW. 
The Investor understands and acknowledges that, if it is determined by the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager, in its sole discretion, that its investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund would 
violate the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any rules or 
regulations promulgated thereunder, or any other applicable law or regulation, the Investor shall 
be requited to sell or otherwise transfer its Interest and none of the Onshore Feeder Fund, the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their affiliates shall be liable for any losses the 
Investor may incur. 
The Investor acknowledges that it is an employee of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company Americas and has solicited Interests in the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
Investor Questionnaire - 3 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109152 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255336 
EFTA01452236

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452237.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE FOR ENTITIES 
ENTITIES (non-individuals): Please complete Parts I through VIII of this Questionnaire and then 
proceed to "Form PF." 
1. 
General Information. 
A. 
Investor Contact Information (all fields required). 
I) Print Full Legal Name of Investor. 
2) Legal Form (corporation, partnership, trust, etc.): 
3) Primary Contact for All Correspondence: 
Address: 
4) Telephone Number: 
5) Facsimile Number: 
6) E-mail Address (required): 
7) Permanent Address: 
(if different from above) 
8) Tax Identification Number (required): 
B. 
Additional Interested Party. 
In addition to the Primary Contact listed above, correspondence from the Onshore Feeder Fund will also 
be sent, at the Investor's option, to one additional interested patty (e.g., Investor's financial advisor, 
accountant, attorney, etc.). Please note that correspondence will only be sent via the online reporting tool. 
Please provide relevant information listed below if applicable: 
Name of Interested Party: 
Telephone Number: 
E-mail Address: 
C. 
Authorized Signatories. 
Set forth below are the names, titles and roles within the Investor of persons authorized by the Investor to 
give and receive instructions between the Onshore Feeder Fund (or the Administrator or the Investment 
Manager) and the Investor, together with their respective signatures. Such persons are the only persons so 
authorized until further written notice to the Administrator signed by one or more of such persons is 
received by the Administrator. (Deutsche Bank reserves the right to request other names such as board 
members, senior management and principals.) 
Investor Questionnaire - 4 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109153 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255337 
EFTA01452237

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452238.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
(please attach additional pages if needed) 
Name 
Signatures 
Tide 
Role within the Investor 
II. 
Verification of Status as an "Accredited Investor" under Regulation D. 
The Investor represents and warrants that it is an "accredited investor" within the meaning of Regulation 
D under the Securities Act and it has initialed the applicable statements below pursuant to which the 
Investor so qualifies. 
PLEASE INITIAL ALL APPLICABLE STATEMENTS BELOW. 
1. 
The Investor has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 AND was not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the securities offered, AND is any of the following: 
• 
a corporation; 
• 
a partnership; 
• 
a limited liability company; 
• 
a Massachusetts or similar business trust: OR 
• 
an organization described in Section 501(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
2. 
The Investor is any of the following: 
• 
a bank, or any savings and loan association or other institution acting in its individual or 
fiduciary capacity; 
• 
a broker or dealer; 
• 
an insurance company; 
• 
an investment company or a business development company under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
• 
a private business development company under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; 
• 
a Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business 
Administration; OR 
• 
an employee benefit plan whose investment decision is being made by a plan fiduciary, 
which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company or registered 
investment adviser, or an employee benefit plan whose total assets are in excess of 
$5,000,000 or a self-directed employee benefit plan whose investment decisions are made 
solely by persons that arc accredited investors. 
Investor Questionnaire - 5 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109154 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255338 
EFTA01452238

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452239.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
4. 
The Investor is a "qualified institutional buyerni acting for its own account or the account of 
other qualified institutional buyers provided that: 
• 
a dealer described in paragraph (a)(IXii) of Rule 144A must own and invest on a 
discretionary basis at least $25 million in securities of issuers that am not affiliated 
persons of the dealer; AND 
• 
a plan referred to in paragraph (aX1XD) or (a)(IXE) of Rule 144A, or a trust fund 
referred to in paragraph (aXI)(F) of Rule 144A that holds the assets of such a plan, will 
only be deemed to be acting for its own account to the extent that investment decisions 
are made by the fiduciary, trustee or sponsor of such plan (i.e., there must be at least $100 
million of non self-directed assets in the plan) and then only with respect to the assets as 
to which investment decisions are made by the fiduciary, trustee or sponsor. 
5. 
The Investor is a trust that: 
• 
is directed by a Qualified Purchaser; 
• 
was not formed for the specific purpose of investing in the Onshore Feeder Fund; AND 
• 
with respect to which each senior or other person who contributed assets is a Qualified 
Person. 
In order to complete questions I and 3 above, please mad Annex A of this Investor Questionnaire for 
information regarding what is includable in -investments- and for information regarding the valuation of 
such "investments." 
IV. 
Status as a Politically Exposed Person. 
Is the Investor (or a beneficial owner owning mom than 25% in interest of the Investor or having the 
authority to control the Investor) a senior government, political or military official, or an immediate 
family member or close associate of such person (a "politically exposed person")? 
Yes 
No 
If yes, which government 
. what position in the government  
and, if an immediate family member or close associate of a politically exposed person, what relationship 
to the politically exposed person 
V. 
Supplemental Data for Entities. 
I. 
Legal form of entity (corporation, partnership, trust, etc.): 
Jurisdiction of organization:  
2. 
Is the Investor either a tax-exempt foundation or endowment or a pension, profit-sharing, annuity 
or employee benefit plan which is both involuntary and non-contributory? 
Yes 
No 
As defined in paragraph (a) of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Investor Questionnaire - 7 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109156 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255340 
EFTA01452239

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452240.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
3. 
Is the Investor a registered investment company or a private investment fund which is not 
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in reliance on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(e)(7) 
thereof? 
Yes 
No 
(If YES, proceed to the question 3(a)) 
(If NO, go to Question 4 below) 
(a) 
If the Investor answered YES to the question above, did any of the Investor's beneficial 
owners acquire their interests in the subscriber on or before April 30, 1996? 
Yes 
No 
(If YES, proceed to the next question) (If NO, go to Question 4 below) 
(b) 
Have all the beneficial owners of the Investor's securities consented (as required under 
Section 2(a)(51XC) of the Investment Company Act of 1940) to the Investor's treatment 
as a Qualified Purchaser? 
Yes 
No 
4. 
The fiscal year-end of the Investor is 
(Month/Day) 
VI. 
Verification of Status under ERISA. 
By executing this Subscription Agreement the Investor hereby represents, acknowledges and covenants 
that the representations made in Items 1 through 5 below shall be deemed made on each day from the date 
the Investor makes such representations through and including the date on which such Investor disposes 
of its Interest in the Onshore Feeder Fund. The Investor understands and agrees that the information 
supplied above and in this Subscription Agreement will be utilized and relied upon by the Onshore Feeder 
Fund to determine whether - Benefit Plan Investors" (within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1986, as amended ("ERISA")) own less than twenty-five percent (25%) of the 
outstanding Interests, both upon the original issuance of the Interests and upon any subsequent transfer of 
any equity interest in the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
1. 
By executing this Subscription Agreement the Investor hereby represents and acknowledges that 
for purposes of determining whether Benefit Plan Investors hold less than twenty-five percent 
(25%) of the outstanding Interests, any portion of the Interest held by Controlling Persons that are 
not Benefit Plan Investors will be disregarded. The Investor acknowledges that no purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has represented that it is a Benefit 
Plan Investor within the meaning of the Plan Asset Provisions or to a Controlling Person will be 
permitted to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in persons that have 
represented that they arc Benefit Plan Investors owning 22% or more of the outstanding Interests 
immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such percentage determined in accordance 
with the Plan Asset Provisions). "Controlling Person" as used in this paragraph refers to a person 
who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the Onshore Feeder Fund 
or any person who provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such 
assets or any affiliate of such persons. 
Investor Questionnaire - 8 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109157 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255341 
EFTA01452240

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452241.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
2. 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, (i) an "employee benefit 
plan" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, and subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan to 
which Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, applies (including 
without limitation, an individual retirement account) (iii) an entity whose underlying assets 
include plan assets by reason of a plan's investment in such entity or (iv) an entity that otherwise 
constitutes a "benefit plan investor" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA and the 
Department of Labor Regulation 2510.3-101, 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, or any successor 
regulation (together. the "Plan Asset Provisions"), including but not limited to certain insurance 
company general accounts (each of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv), a "Benefit Plan Investor"). 
Yes 
No 
3(a). If the Investor checked "Yes" to question 2, please check all boxes that describe the Investor or the 
entity that the Investor is acting on behalf of: 
L 
an "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA 
or a "plan" as described in Section 4975(e) of the Code that is subject to 
Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (e.g., a 401(k) plan). 
O 
an individual retirement account ("IRA") or an individual retirement 
annuity. 
O 
an entity or fund whose underlying assets include -plan assets" by reason 
of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an insurance company separate 
account or an entity in which 25% or more of a class of equity interest is 
held by Benefit Plan Investors (calculated in accordance with the Plan 
Asset Provisions)). Please indicate the maximum expected percentage of 
the entity or fund that will constitute "plan assets" for purposes of Title I 
of ERISA: 
%. 
An Investor that cannot provide the foregoing 
percentage hereby acknowledges that for purposes of determining 
whether Benefit Plan Investors own less than 25% of the outstanding 
Interests, 100% of the assets of the Investor shall be treated as "plan 
assets." 
I 
an insurance company general account. Please indicate the maximum 
expected percentage of the general account that will constitute "plan 
assets" for purposes of Title I of ERISA: 
%. An Investor that 
cannot provide the foregoing percentage hereby acknowledges that for 
purposes of determining whether Benefit Plan Investors own less than 
25% of the outstanding Interests, 100% of the assets of its general account 
shall be treated as "plan assets." 
O 
Other. 
Investor Questionnaire - 9 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109158 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255342 
EFTA01452241

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452242.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
3(b). 
If the Investor checked 'go" to question 2, please check all boxes that describe the Investor or the 
entity that the Investor is acting on behalf of: 
K 
an "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA 
that is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (e.g., a 
privately sponsored or government sponsored foreign employee benefit 
plan). 
K 
a "governmental plan" within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA. 
K 
none of the above. 
4. 
If the Investor, or the entity for which the Investor is acting, is either (i) an insurance 
company acting on behalf of its general account or (ii) an entity or fund whose 
underlying assets include -plan assets" by reason of a plan's investment in such entity, 
the Investor hereby covenants to notify the Onshore Feeder Fund if, after its initial 
acquisition of the Interest, at any time, the percentage of its assets (as reasonably 
determined by the Investor) that constitute -plan assets" for purposes of the Plan Asset 
Provisions or Section 4975 of the Code exceeds the maximum percentage limit set forth 
above in question 3(a). 
5. 
If the Investor is or the entity for which the Investor is acting is an "employee benefit 
plan" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is not subject to Title I of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code or is a "governmental plan" within the meaning of Section 
3(32) of ERISA, the Investor hereby covenants that (i) there is no federal, state or local or 
foreign law, rule, regulation, or constitutional provision applicable to the Investor that 
could in any respect affect the operation of the Onshore Feeder Fund or prohibit any 
action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of the Onshore 
Feeder Fund, including, without limitation, investments which may be made pursuant to 
the Onshore Feeder Fund's investment strategies, and (ii) the Investor's investment in the 
Onshore Feeder Fund will not conflict with or violate any federal, state or local or foreign 
law, rule, regulation, or constitutional provision applicable to the "employee benefit 
plan". 
VII. 
Source of Funds. 
Please summarize the sources of funds used to make this investment (for example, business profits (if so, 
state type of business), investment income, savings, etc.): 
Investor Questionnaire - 10 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109159 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255343 
EFTA01452242

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452243.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
VIII. 
Entity Owned or Controlled by an Employee of Deutsche Bank. 
771E INVESTOR IS NOT AN ENTITY OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY AN EMPLOYEE OF 
DEUTSCHE BANK. PLEASE DO NOT INITIAL MIE S/A MMENT BELOW. 
IF 771E INVESTOR IS AN ENTITY OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY AN EMPLOYEE OF 
DEUTSCHE BANK, PLEASE INITIAL INDICATING THAT THE INVESTOR HAS READ AND 
UNDERSTOOD THE STATEMENT BELOW. 
Ile Investor understands and acknowledges that, if it is determined by the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager, in its sole discretion, that its investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund would 
violate the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any rules or 
regulations promulgated thereunder, or any other applicable law or regulation, the Investor shall 
be required to sell or otherwise transfer its Interest and none of the Onshore Feeder Fund, the 
General Partner, the Administrator, the Investment Manager or any of their affiliates shall be 
liable for any losses the Investor may incur. 
The Investor acknowledges that it is an employee of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company Americas and has solicited Interests in the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
Investor Questionnaire - II 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109160 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255344 
EFTA01452243

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452244.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
FORM PF 
This section is to be completed by all investors. 
Please check the item below that best describes the subscriber. If the subscriber is acting as 
trustee, agent, representative or nominee for a beneficial owner, please check the item that best 
describes the beneficial owner. 
Please check one: 
K 
Individual that is a United States person' (or a trust of such a person) 
K 
Individual that is not a United States person (or a trust of such a person) 
K 
A person that is not a United States person and about which beneficial ownership 
information is not known and cannot reasonably be obtained because the beneficial 
interest is held through a chain involving one or more third-party intermediaries 
K 
Broker-dealer 
K 
Insurance company 
K 
Investment company registered with the SEC 
K 
Private fund' 
K 
Non-profit 
K 
Pension plan (other than a governmental pension plan) 
K 
Banking or thrift institution (proprietary) 
K 
State or municipal government entity'(other than a governmental pension plan) 
K 
State or municipal governmental pension plan 
K 
Sovereign wealth fund or foreign official institution 
K 
Other. Please specify: 
For purposes of this Form PF, the term "United States person" has the meaning provided in Rule 203(m)-1 under the 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, which includes any natural person that is resident in the United 
States. 
A "private fund" means any issuer that would be an investment company as defined in Section 3 of the 1940 Act but 
for Section 3(cX I) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
A "government entity" means any U.S. state (including any U.S. state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. 
Virgin Islands or any other possession of the United States) or political subdivision of a state, including (i) any 
agency, authority or instrumentality of the state or political subdivision; (ii) a plan or pool of assets controlled by the 
slate or political subdivision or any agency. authority or instrumentality thcmof; and (iii) any officer. agent. or 
employee of the state or political subdivision or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof, acting in their 
official capacity. 
Investor Questionnaire - 12 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109161 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255345 
EFTA01452244

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452245.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Annex A to Investor Questionnaire 
INVESTMENTS 
For determining whether the Investor is a "qualified purchaser," the term "investments" includes: 
(I) 
Securities, other than securities of an issuer that controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
control with the Investor that owns such securities, unless the issuer of such securities is a -public 
company," a "financial company" or has more than $50 million in equity, as reflected on such 
company's financial statements which present such equity information as of a date within 16 
months preceding the date on which the Investor acquires the Interest. The term -public 
company" includes all companies that file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or have a class of securities that are listed on a 
Designated Offshore Securities Market, as defined by Regulation S of the Securities Act. The 
term "financial company" includes a commodity pool or an "investment company" (whether U.S. 
or offshore) or a company required to register as such under the Investment Company Act of 
1940 but for the exclusions or exemptions provided by Sections 3(c)( I) through 3(c)(9) of the 
Investment Company Act of 1940; 
(2) 
Real estate held for investment purposes so long as it is not used by the prospective Qualified 
Purchaser or a close relative (generally, a sibling, spouse, former spouse, direct ancestor or 
descendent or a spouse of such an ancestor or descendent) for personal or business purposes. 
However, real estate owned by a prospective Qualified Purchaser who is primarily in the real 
estate business is includable as an -investment" even if it is held by the owner, 
(3) 
"Commodity interests" or "physical commodities" held for investment purposes by the Investor. 
"Commodity interests" includes commodity futures contracts, options on commodity futures 
contracts, and options on physical commodities traded on or subject to the rules of (i) any 
contract market designated for trading such transactions under the Commodity Exchange Act and 
the rules thereunder or (ii) any board of trade or exchange outside the United States, as 
contemplated in Part 30 of the rules under the Commodity Exchange Act. "Physical 
commodities" includes any physical commodity with respect to which a "Commodity Interest" is 
traded on a market specified in the definition of commodity interests above; 
(4) 
To the extent not securities, "financial contracts" entered into for investment purposes or in 
connection with investments. "Financial contracts" includes any arrangement that (i) takes the 
form of an individually negotiated contract, agreement, or option to buy, sell, lend, swap, or 
repurchase, or other similar individually negotiated transaction commonly entered into by 
participants in the financial markets; (ii) is in respect of securities, commodities, currencies, 
interest or other rates, other measures of value, or any other financial or economic interest similar 
in purpose or function to any of the foregoing; and (iii) is entered into in response to a request 
from a counterparty for a quotation, or is otherwise entered into and structured to accommodate 
the objectives of the counterparty to such arrangement; 
(5) 
In the case of an Investor that is a commodity pool or an investment company excepted from 
registration by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, any amounts 
payable to such Investor pursuant to a firm agreement or similar binding commitment upon the 
demand of the Investor; and 
(6) 
Cash and cash equivalents held for investment purposes, such as bank deposits, foreign 
currencies, certificates of deposits, net cash surrender value of an insurance policy and cash held 
for defensive purposes. 
A-I 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109162 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255346 
EFTA01452245

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452246.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Annex A to Investor Questionnaire 
"Investments" do not include other assets which do not reflect experience in the financial 
markets, such as jewelry. artwork, antiques and other collectibles. 
For purposes of determining the amount of "investments" owned by a company, "investments" of 
a parent company and its majority-owned subsidiaries may be aggregated to meet the minimum 
"investment" amount requirements, regardless of which company is the prospective Qualified Purchaser. 
For purposes of determining the amount of "investments" owned by a natural person, there may 
be included any "investment" held jointly or as community property with such person's spouse. In 
determining whether spouses who arc making a joint investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund are 
Qualified Purchasers, there may be included in the amount of each spouse's "investments" any 
"investments" owned by the other spouse (whether or not such "investments" are held jointly). 
In determining whether a natural person is a Qualified Purchaser, there may be included in the 
amount of such person's "investments" any "investments" held in an individual retirement account or 
similar account the investments of which are directed by and held for the benefit of such person. 
VALUATION OF INVESTMENTS 
In determining the value of "investments" in order to ascertain Qualified Purchaser status, the 
aggregate amount of "investments" owned and invested on a discretionary basis by such person can be 
either their fair market value on the most recent practicable date or the cost of such "investments," 
provided that the same method must be used for all "investments." However, 
(1) 
In the case of "commodity interests," the amount of -investments" is the value of the initial 
margin or option premium deposited in connection with such "commodity interests" and 
(2) 
In each case, there must be deducted from the amount of such "investments" the following 
amounts: 
(a) 
the amount of any outstanding indebtedness incurred by the prospective Qualified 
Purchaser to acquire such "investments" and 
(b) 
in the case of a Family Company (as defined in Part II of the Investor Questionnaire for 
Entities), in addition to the amounts specified in paragraph (2) (a) above, any outstanding 
indebtedness incurred by an owner of the Family Company to acquire the Family 
Company's "investments." 
A-2 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109163 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255347 
EFTA01452246

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452247.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Annex B to Investor Questionnaire 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING IDENTIFICATION VERIFICATION 
(MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS) 
I . Reeulated Financial Sector (including branches) 
Where the Investor is a regulated entity, verification of identity beyond submission of evidence of 
its regulatory status may not be required. 
The above is subject to the jurisdiction of regulation and extra requirements may be 
requested. 
2. Listed Companies and Subsidiaries of Listed Companies 
Where the Investor is a listed company that is quoted (>50.01%) on a recognized or approved 
stock exchange, please provide documentary evidence of the company's status and details of the 
recognized or designated exchange on which the applicant or its parent is quoted. 
Where the Investor is a subsidiary of, and beneficially owned at least 75.01% by, such a listed 
company, please provide documentary evidence of this relationship, as well as the above 
information in relation to the parent. 
The above is subject to the jurisdiction of listing and extra requirements may be requested. 
3. Private Companies 
Please provide ALL of the following: 
(a) 
the certificate of incorporation (or equivalent constitutional documents); 
(b) 
evidence of registered and operating address(es): 
(c) 
the latest audited reports and accounts; 
(d) 
the names of all directors and other office holders; 
(e) 
the name, nationality and date of birth of all ultimate beneficial owners with 25% or more 
of the shares or voting rights in the company; and 
(f) 
the ownership structure chart. 
The above is subject to the jurisdiction of incorporation and extra requirements may be 
requested. 
4. Limited Liability Partnerships and Other Partnerships 
Please provide ALL of the following: 
(a) 
confirmation of incorporation or registration (if applicable); 
(b) 
the partnership agreement; 
(c) 
the latest financial statements; 
B-I 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109164 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255348 
EFTA01452247

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452248.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Annex B to Investor Questionnaire 
(d) 
the names of all members or partners and government issue photographic identification or 
other equivalent means of verification for at least two such individuals; 
(e) 
the ownership structure chart; and 
(f) 
the name, nationality and date of birth of all members and partners with 25% of the 
shares or voting rights in the limited liability partnership or other partnership. 
The above is subject to the jurisdiction of partnership formation as well as the jurisdiction 
of the limited partners and extra requirements may be requested. 
5. Pension Funds 
In the case of a regulated pension fund, please provide proof of regulation; please confirm the 
names of the current trustees and their address for correspondence. In addition, please provide a 
list of authorized signatories. 
The above is subject to the jurisdiction of formation and regulatory status and extra 
requirements may be requested. 
6. Collective Investment Schemes and Unit Trusts 
• 
Please provide for the Collective Investment Scheme or Unit Trust: 
(a) confirmation of incorporation or registration; 
(b) the latest financial statements; and 
(c) Memorandum. 
The above is subject to the jurisdiction of formation and extra requirements may be requested. 
• 
Please provide: 
(a) list of authorized signatories; and 
(b) proof of regulation, if applicable. 
The above is subject to the jurisdiction of formation as well as regulatory status of the 
investment manager and extra requirements may be requested. 
7. Charities 
Please provide documentary evidence of charitable status, formation documents and the name and 
address of the charity. 
The above is subject to the jurisdiction of formation and extra requirements may be 
requested. 
B-2 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109165 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255349 
EFTA01452248

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452249.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Annex B to Investor Questionnaire 
8. Trusts and Nominees 
Please provide ALL of the following: 
(a) 
name of the settlor(s); 
(b) 
a copy of the original dated executed trust deed; 
(c) 
evidence of the identity of the current trustees and a certified copy of the deed evidencing 
their appointment; 
(d) 
in the case of a corporate trustee/nominee, the same requirements apply as those for listed 
or unlisted companies, as the case may be, set out above; 
(e) 
in the case of regulated professional trustees/nominees, please provide evidence of 
regulation and confirmation in writing that such professional trustees/nominees are aware 
of the true identity of the beneficiaries/settlors and that there are no anonymous 
principals; 
(f) 
in the case of other trustees or nominees, please provide written confirmation and 
documentary evidence of the identities of all the settlors and named beneficiaries with 
vested interests of 25% or more in the trust; and 
(g) 
include unexpired government id (with clear photograph), including residential address, 
for all beneficiaries, including trustees, if not equivalently regulated, and the senior (if 
available) and ensure that an authorized signature list accompanies any trust document. 
(h) 
source of wealth 
The above is subject to the jurisdiction of trust formation and extra requirements may be 
requested. 
9. Individuals 
Please provide: 
(a) 
a unexpired copy of the driver's license (with clear photograph) 
or 
(b) 
a unexpired copy of the passport (with clear photograph); 
and 
evidence of the individual's address that is no older than 3 months (e.g., a copy of a 
recent utility bill). Please make sure the address on the utility bill matches the address 
provided in the application. 
The above is subject to the country of nationality and extra requirements may be 
requested. 
B-3 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109166 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255350 
EFTA01452249

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452250.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Annex B to Investor Questionnaire 
Investor Questionnaire Annex B Signature Page 
The Investor consents to the provision of the verification documents referenced in this Annex B by the 
Investor's Placement Agent to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
ENTITY INVESTOR SIGN HERE: 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR SIGN HERE: 
(Print Name of Entity) 
(Print Name) 
By: 
(Signature) 
(Signature) 
(Print Name and Title) 
(Date) 
(Date) 
Deutsche Bank Representative or other Witness signature (required):  
Country in which this Agreement was signed:  
B4 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109167 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255351 
EFTA01452250

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452251.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Letter of Authorization 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109168 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255352 
EFTA01452251

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452252.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
LETTER OF AUTHORIZATION 
(This page must be completed and signed by the Investor named below and returned 
to the Investor's Deutsche Bank Representative with a copy to be delivered to the Onshore Feeder Fund 
pursuant to Section 5 of the Directions for the Completion of the Subscription Documents.) 
I hereby authorize Deutsche Bank and its affiliates to transfer the cash amount of my initial subscription 
and placement fee from my account listed below to Secondary, Opportunities Fund III Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. (the "Onshore Feeder Fund"). 
Unless otherwise notified by me in writing, this letter further authorizes Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
to fund any future capital calls (including, without limitation, capital calls for investments and Feeder 
Fund Expenses, any recall of distributions previously made to me by the Onshore Feeder Fund) and the 
purchase of any additional Interest subscribed for by me and pay any distributions via the below 
referenced account. I understand that if I fail to maintain the account for the term of the Onshore Feeder 
Fund and fail to provide the General Partner or the Administrator with identification verification 
information or other information required by anti-money laundering or other governmental regulations, 
the General Partner may "freeze" my Interest, either by prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or 
Distributions or declining any transfer request. 
1. Investor Name (Print Name of Entity or Individual) 
2. Investor Signature 
3. Name and Title of Person Signing (For Entity Investors) 
4. Date 
5. Account Number 
Deutsche Bank Representative/Number (ifapplicable) 
7. Capital Commitment (USD) 
8. Placement Fee (USD) 
Up to 2.5% 
Note: The Onshore Feeder Fund will only transfer funds distributed to an Investor named in Its register 
and reserves the right to refuse to transfer funds to other third parties. The Onshore Feeder Fund 
reserves the right to request additional documentation. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109169 
SDNY_GM_00255353 
EFTA01452252

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452253.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill 
Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. 
For eligible U.S. taxable investors and certain eligible U.S. tax-exempt 
investors only 
MEM 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill Private Client Feeder Fund (U S ), L.P. (the *Onshore Feeder 
Fund' ) provides clients access to the Secondary Opportunities Fund III LP (the "Fund") at an 
investment minimum of $500K 
Investment Opportunity Overview 
— The Fund seeks to build a diversified portfolio of 
seasoned private equity assets on the secondary 
market 
— Proven track record: over $1 billion invested in more 
than 200 interests over 7 years with net aggregate 
performance of 1.75x TVPI and 27% net IRR' 
— The DB Secondaries team has a differentiated 
investment strategy with global sourcing capabilities 
— Opportunities in the secondary market are driven by 
general partner restructurings, regulatory changes 
and investors seeking liquidity 
Differentiated Investment Strategy 
-- Focus on off-market transactions, mainly smaller 
$5-$50 million transactions ($28 million average 
deal size)
—. Leverage DB platform for sourcing and due 
diligencel 
— access to DB PE portfolio of >250 managers 
and >450 funds globally' 
— 70% of deals proprietarys 
— Pursue selective, true value approach: transacted 
0.4% of global pipelines 
— Purchase mature fund interests at discount 
— 83% funded at time of entry56
— 25% average discount to fair market value 5,6
— Portfolio management to mitigate risk: currency 
hedging 
and 
historically 
no 
leverage 
at 
transaction or portfolio level' 
-- Senior team of five professionals has worked 
together in secondaries for 11 years 
This summary is not an offer for sale. This summary is to be read in conjunction with, and the information contained 
herein will be superseded in its entirety by, the Confidential Private Offering Memorandum of the Onshore Feeder Fund, 
the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Fund and the legal documentation relating to the Onshore 
Feeder Fund and the Fund. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results — please refer to the Certain Risk Factors section of the Marketing 
Presentation relating to the Onshore Feeder Fund. No assurance can be given that the performance of unrealized investments 
has not significantly changed from the date the performance reflected herein was determined. 
ONLY FOR INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO INVEST IN PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
■ 
Investors 
■ 
• • • 
• • • 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
Private Client Feeder Fynd (U.$ 
I P 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
PE Fund 
Secoridaries 
Direst PE 
Secondaries 
Attractive Environment for Secondaries7
— Demand for secondary investments is driven by 
investors seeking liquidity as well as regulatory 
changes (e.g., Basel III and Volcker Rule) 
— Secondaries market represents less than 1% of 
total private equity assets of over 53 trillion 
Banks continue to account for approximately 6% 
or $100 billion of total private equity assets and 
are not finished selling 
General partner 
restructurings 
expected 
to 
provide meaningful source of dealflow 
Trend 
towards 
smaller 
more 
complex 
transactions 
  Attractive supply/demand equation with $38 
billion of dry powder available in secondaries, 
representing 18 months of dealflow 
STRONGLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109170 
SDNY_GM_00255354 
EFTA01452253

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452254.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Merits of Secondary Investing 
— The private equity secondaries market provides a way for investors to sell their existing private equity 
investments despite the illiquid nature of the asset class 
— The secondary strategy has the potential for an attractive risk-reward profile: 
— Investments in mature assets that typically yield more predictable and earlier cash flows 
— Investments draw down and return capital more quickly than with primary funds — this mitigates the "J-curve" 
— Provides diversification across vintage years. fund managers, strategies. industries and geographies 
— Investments in re-priced existing assets to reflect current performance and economic environment 
Summary Terms 
The following is a summary of selected principal terms and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Confidential 
Private Offering Memorandum of the Onshore Feeder Fund, including the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Fund attached thereto, and the legal documentation relating to the Onshore Feeder Fund and 
the Fund. 
Fund Name 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Auditor 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Upfront Placement Fee 
Management Fee 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the 
end of the Investment 
Period 
Thereafter through the 
end of the Fund term' 
Carried interest 
Subsequent Closing 
Fee (if not first close) 
First Close Fee Break 
Fund 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
English Limited Partnership 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market 
globally 
$5 million 
$1 billion 
years from the date of the final closing plus up to S 
one-year extensions at the manager's discretion 
For the purposes of making portfolio investments and/or 
paying expenses. with not less than 12 business days' 
prior written notice 
years from the final closing 
My of Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP. Deloitte Touche 
Tohmatsu. KPMG or Ernst & Young. LLP 
State Street Bank and Trust Company 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Annual manager's report. audited financial statements 
and quarterly unaudited financial statements and capital 
account statements (2nd and 3rd quarters only) 
N/A 
25% of commitments 
00% of invested capital 
The greater of 90% of the annual profit share of 
previous year and 0 25% of invested capital 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 10000% 
special limited partner catch-up and full clawback 
Higher of (a) three-month LIBOR plus 2 00% and (b) 
800% 
basis points p a on management fee 
Onshore Feeder Fund 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U S ). L P. 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
Invest in the Fund 
$500.000 
N/A 
Will follow the term of the Fund plus an additional six 
months 
days' written notice 
Will follow the investment period of the Fund 
My of Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP. Deloitte Touche 
Tohmatsu. KPMG or Ernst & Young, LLP 
State Street Bank and Trust Company 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports. capital account statements and 
year-end audited financial statements 
Up to 2 50% of commitment 
0.75% of commitments 
0.50% of invested capitals
The greater of 90% of the management fee payable of 
the previous year and 0 20% of invested capital 
WA, paid at the Fund. not the Onshore Feeder Fund 
level 
Same as the Fund 
N/A 
Please read the Confidential Private Offering Memorandum of the Onshore Feeder Fund and the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Fund (the "Memoranda") for the full disclosure of risk factors. conflicts of interest, complete terms, and 
regulatory and tax considerations of the Fund and the Onshore Feeder Fund. Please refer to the Certain Risk Factors section of the 
Marketing Presentation of the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
Notes For further disclosure of fees. such as fees and expenses paid by the Onshore Feeder Fund and the Fund, please refer to your 
subscription agreement and the Memoranda. In addition to the fees and expenses described above. the Fund and the Onshore Feeder Fund 
will incur performance fees. management fees and expenses charged by the selected underlying funds in which the Fund invests. As a result. 
the fee structure of the Onshore Feeder Fund and the Fund will be higher than if the investor invested directly in the selected underlying funds 
In addition, investors investing in the Onshore Feeder Fund rather than directly through the Fund will be subject to an additional layer of 
expenses. 
ONLY FOR INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO !WEST IN PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS 
STRONGLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109171 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255355 
EFTA01452254

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452255.pdf
----------------------------------------
End notes 
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
The performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited performance results of DB SOF. DB SOF D and DB SOF II (each as defined below) as 
of September 30. 2013 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections of 
the marketing presentation of the Offshore Feeder Fund. The "Important Performance Information section in particular includes, amongst other things. a 
description of the terms used above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to the performance described above Gross returns are gross of fees. 
expenses and carried interest. Net performance data reflects amounts net of expenses, fees and carried interest. Investors should consult with their own 
advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of DB SOF, 
DB SOF D. DB SOF II or the Find but is included to demonstrate the track record of the DB Secondaries team. 
Based on the portfolios of DB SOF. DB SOF D and DB SOF II as of September 30, 2013. 
Subject to Deutsche Bank's internal policies and procedures 
D8 PE's own calculation as of September 30. 2013 
NAV weighted, as of September 30. 2013. NAV= Net Asset Value 
Represents aggregate deal flow reviewed by the DB Secondary Opportunities Team from January 1. 2007 to September 30. 2013. Historical deal flow 
characteristics do not provide a prediction of future trends 
Cogent Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis. UBS Outlook 2013, both January 2013 and 2013 Preqin Global Private Equity Report. February 2013. 
Investors committing >$50million to the Fund will receive a discount of 10 basis points p.a.; Investors committing >$10Crnillion will receive a discount of 20 basis 
points p a 
Invested capital is the amount of capital invested in investments over the life of the fund (including amounts returned to limited partners from distributions) and 
the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for such investments. 
Important information 
Only for investors who are both qualified purchasers and accredited investors. 
This document is being circulated on a confidential basis for informational purposes only by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. the investment manager of the Onshore 
Feeder Fund, to a limited number of qualified prospective investors. 
DB Private Equity ('DB PE") is the private equity platform of the Asset & Wealth Management division of Deutsche Bank AG. together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank Group." 
The information contained herein is confidential and may not be reproduced or used or distributed in whole or in part without the prior written consent of DB PE. The distribution of 
this document and availability of DB PE's products and services may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. DB PE's products and services may be offered for sale or be sold 
only in those jurisdictions where such an offer or sale is permitted. Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management represents the asset management and wealth management activities 
conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or any of its subsidiaries. Clients will be provided Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management products or servces by one or more legal entities that 
will be identified to clients pursuant to the contracts, agreements, offering materials or other documentation relevant to such products or services. 
In the United States (the 'U.S.') DB PE relates to the asset management activities of Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and Deutsche Investment Management Americas 
Inc.; in Germany, DB Private Equity GmbH; in Austratia, Deutsche Australia Limited (ABN 37 006 385 593), an Australan financial services licence holder, in Hong Kong, 
Deutsche Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited; in Japan. Deutsche Securities Inc for DSI financial advisory (not investment advisory) and distribution service only; in 
Singapore. Deutsche Asset Management (Asia) Limited (Company Reg. No. 198701485N); and in the United Kingdom, Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (UK) Umited 
and Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited; in addition to other regional entities in the Deutsche Bank Group. 
An investment in private equity is speculative and invokies a high degree of risk, including risk of loss of the entire investment and is suitable only for sophisticated investors. 
Certain significant risks include, but are not limited to, lack of liquidity for an indefinite period of time, uncertain economic conditions and real estate risks (including the effect of 
bankruptcy). A prospective investor in the Onshore Feeder Fund should carefuly review the Confidential Private Offering Memorandum of the Onshore Feeder Fund, the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Fund and the constitutional documents of the Onshore Feeder Fund and the Fund, understand the risks and conflicts of 
interest set forth therein, and should consult with its legal and tax advisors. Prospective investors should not construe any of the information herein as providing accounting, tax or 
legal advice on the suitability of an investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund for any particular investor. Prospective investors must rely upon their own examination of the terms of 
an investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund, and upon their awn representatives and professional advisors, including legal counsel. accountants, and tax advisors as to the 
accounting and tax treatment of such investment. suitability of such investment, and the legal and other aspects of an investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
In making an investment decision, prospective investors should conduct their own investigation and analysis of the data and descriptions set forth in tits summary and must rely 
on their own examination of the investment opportunity. including the merits and risks involved. Prospective investors will be given the opportunity to review the actual 
documentation that will govern the rights and obigatiors of the parties. Qualified prospective investors may obtain from DB PE such additional available information as they may 
reasonably request. Purchase of the interests is suitable only as an investment for, and will be offered onty to. persons who have, directly or through qualified representatives, the 
ability to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the interests and the ability to assume the economic risks involved in such investment. 
This document does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to subscribe for. underwrite or purchase an interest in the Onshore Feeder Fund (an 'Interest") and should 
not be treated as constituting an inducement or representation in connection with any offer or invitation, nor shall it or any part of it form the basis of or be relied upon in any way 
in connection with, any contract relating to the Interests or the Onshore Feeder Fund, The information herein has been prepared solely to determine preliminary investor interest 
in the Onshore Feeder Fund and will be superseded in its entirety by the Confidential Private Offering Memorandum of the Onshore Feeder Fund, which will contain a summary 
of the principal terms of the amended and restated agreement of limited partnership and certain other material legal documents in respect of the Onshore Feeder Fund, the 
investment objectives of the Onshore Feeder Fund and certain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any investment decision regarding tie Onshore Feeder 
Fund. 
No assurance can be given that the investment objectives of DB Secondary Opportunities Fund, LP. (DB SOF), DB Secondary Opportunities Fund 0. L.P. CDB SOF OD and 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP ('DB SOF II") (together the 'DB Secondaries Funds"), the Fund and the Onshore Feeder Fund will be achieved or that an investor will 
receive a retum of all or part of its investment, and investment results may vary substantially over any given time period. An investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund is not a 
deposit with, or liability of, Deutsche Bank, DB PE or any other entity in the Deutsche Bank Group and is not insured or guaranteed by any governmental body or agency. 
The information contained herein was prepared without regard to the specific objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular person who may receive it It is intended for 
informational purposes only and it is not intended that it be relied on to make any investment decision. None of Deutsche Bank, DB PE or any other entity in the Deutsche Bark 
Group, gives any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of information which is contained in this document. 
Except insofar as liability under any statute cannot be excluded, no member of Deutsche Bank. DB PE or any other entity in the Deutsche Bank Group, or any officer. employee 
or associate of them accepts any liability (whether arising in contract. in tort or negligence or otherwise) for any error or omission in this document or for any resulting loss or 
damage whether direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise suffered by the recipient of this document or any other person. 
The financial data presented herein is as of September 30, 2013, unless noted otherwise, and may be outdated. Delivery of this document does not imply that the performance 
information herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof. In reviewing the past performance information contained herein, investors should bear in mind that past 
performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. In particular, current economic conditions may not be comparable to those that existed previously or those that exist in 
the future. There can be no assurance that the DB Secondaries Funds, the Onshore Feeder Fund or the Fund will achieve comparable results, that targeted returns, 
diversification or asset allocations Mil be met or that the DB Secondaries Funds, the Onshore Feeder Fund or the Fund will be able to implement their respective investment 
strategies and investment approaches or achieve their respective investment objectives. 
ONLY FOR INVESTORS EUGIBLE TO INVEST IN PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS 
STRONGLY PRIVATE 8 CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109172 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255356 
EFTA01452255

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452256.pdf
----------------------------------------
Actual returns on the unrealized investments made by the DB Secondaries Funds and discussed herein will depend orsafpcjegotbeifigdiejamtubmpetalieetestits. the value of 
the investments and market conditions at the time of disposition, the availabiity of financing, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit hquidity. any related 
transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the assumptions and circumstances on which the valuations used in the pnor performance data 
contained herein are based. Accordingly, the actual realized returns on the investments referred to herein may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. My forecasts 
provided herein are based upon DB PE's opinion of the market and are subject to change, dependent on future changes in the market. My prediction, projection or forecast on 
the economy, stock market. bond market or the economic trends of the markets is not necessary indicative of the future or likely performance. 
Certain information contained herein constitutes toward-looking statements and statements of opinion andfor belief. which can be identified by the use of forward-looking 
terwinology including. without limitation. words such as 'may", 'WIT, 'seek", *should", "expect'. 'anticipate. 'project', 'estinate. 'intend', *continue or "believe or the negatives 
thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terrniuluyy. Any such forward-looking statements (including, without imitation. projections of future earnings or value) and 
statements of opinion and/or belief contained herein represent DB PE's own assessment and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this document (or at such 
other date as specified herein) and are subject to known and unknown nsks. uncertainties and other factors (many of which are beyond DB PE's control) which may cause actual 
results to be materially different from those contemplated in such statements. 
Any position taken by Deutsche Bank, DB PE or any other entity in the Deutsche Bark Group, or any of their respective affiliates may be adverse to any position taken by the 
Fund or Onshore Feeder Fund or by any investors in the Fund or the Onshore Feeder Fund. There are no restrictions that prevent the Fund. the Onshore Feeder Fund or 
Deutsche Bark from competing with each other on potential investments or engaging in other transactions that may compete with or othentise affect the Fund or the Onshore 
Feeder Fund. Accordingly, there may exist or arise conflicts of interest between the Fund. the Onshore Feeder Fund and/or Deutsche Bark. 
The views set out n this presentation are those of the manager of the Fund and may not necessarily reflect the views of any other division within Deutsche Bank. nolo:ling the 
Sales and Trading functions of the Corporate and Investment Bank or the Global Client Group of Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management. All services provided by the Sales and 
Trading functions of the Corporate and Investment Bank are purely on a non-advised, execution-only basis. 
DEUTSCHE BANK SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER LOSSES OR DAMAGES INCLUDING LOSS 
OF PROFITS INCURRED BY A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR OR ANY THIRD PARTY THAT MAY ARISE FROM ANY RELIANCE ON THIS DOCUMENT OR FOR THE 
RELIABILITY. ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS THEREOF. Please contact your DB sales representative for more information. 
Deutsche Bark does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Notwthstarding any other expressed or implied agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we 
hereby authorize you (and any of your employees. representatives or agents). subject to applicable V.S. federal and state securities laws, to disclose to any and all persons the 
structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction, and al materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are prowled to you related to such structure and 
tax aspects. without Deutsche Bark imposing any limitation of any kind. This authorization is effective without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussions. 
Net fund data (net 'NFL net IRR. etc). Net performance data reflects amounts net of the DB Secondaries Funds' expenses, fees and carried interest. 
Net IRR: Calculated based on the actual timing of cash inflows (capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions), and the ending partners' capital at the end 
of the period (residual value) of the investors' capital account at report date. The IRR is measured from the date of the first capital contnbution through to the most recently 
available report date. 
Net multiple. Represents Total Value net of carved interest as a multiple of capital invested by the DB Secondaries Funds. 
The information is presented for information purposes only. and is not representative of the actual returns received by an investor in DB SOF. DO SOF D. DB SOF II or the Fund.
The information set forth in this presentation speaks only as of the date indicated; it was not revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date 
indicated and is subject to change Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may ultimately be received with respect of an investment. No assurance 
can be given as to the actual events that may occur or the appropriate assumptions to be applied Information herein may include or be based upon certain "forward-looking 
statements." These fonvard400king statements include, but are not Invited to. the plans. projections. objectives. expectations and intentions of the Fund and the manager of the 
Fund and other statements contained herein that are not historical facts. These statements are based on current beliefs or expectations and are inhererdy subject to significant 
uncertainties and changes in circirnstances, many of which are beyond the control of the Onshore Feeder Fund, the Fund and the manager of the Fund. Actual results may differ 
materially and adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things, global, political, economic. business, competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance Is not an indication of the future performance of DB SOF, DO SOF D, DB SOF II, the Fund or the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
Issued and approved In the United States by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
2013 Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management. All rights reserved. 016582 121813 
ONLY FOR INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO INVEST IN PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS 
STRONGLY PRIVATE 8. CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109173 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255357 
EFTA01452256

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452257.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill 
Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. 
For eligible U.S. taxable investors and certain eligible U.S. tax-exempt investors only 
Overview — January 2014 
Not for public viewing or distribution I Investment products: 
No bank guarantee I Not FDIC insured I May lose value 
NOT FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION - ONLY FOR INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO INVEST IN PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109174 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255358 
EFTA01452257

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452258.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Only for Investors who are both qualified purchasers and accredited Investors. 
This presentation is not an offering of limited partnership interests (the 'Interests') in Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (LI 9 1. t. P (the -Onshore Feeder Fund') for sale 
in any iurlsdiction. It .yes not constitute 4,4ratkial investment advice and does not purport to summarize all of the conditksns, nsks and other attributes of an investment in the Onshore Feeder 
Fund. Any offering to be made will be made only by means of a Confidential Private Offering Memorandum (Offering Memorandum') which will contain detailed information about the Onshore 
Feeder Red, interests in the Omttore Feeder Ravi and the merits and risks of an swestment in the Or-shore Feeder Fall No sales sill be made, no commitments 
irwest in the Onshore 
Feeder Fund will be accepted. and no money rs being solicited or will be accepted, until the Offering Memorandum is made available to prospective investors (Investors). Any indication of interest 
front prospective investors in response to this presentation involves rx obligation or commArnert of any kin). The Onshore Feeder Rawl is offeriN interests only to Investors who are ''
alitter,..1 
purchasers: as defined in the U S. Investment Company Act of 1£40. as amended, which generally includes individuals or tamIly-owned entities with existing insitstments in securities of 
$5.000.000 or more and mstittlions with discretional), investment authorty over $25,000,000 or more. and who quality as "accredited investors- within the rnearmg given to such term in 
Regulation D tinder the U.S Securities Act of 1933, as amended. which gererally includes individuals whose net worth exceeds $1.000.000 including personal property and other assets but 
excluding the value of primary residence. or investors with a gross individual income in excess of &MI= (or pint oroirie wth the investor's spouse in excess of &IMOD()) in each of the two 
previous years and institutions with total assets of .1-5,000.000 or more.
TN, delivery of this presentation does not imply that the intonation herein is correct as of any date subsequent to the date hereof In addition. nothing herein should be construed to imply that the 
information herein with respect to the Onshore Feeder Raid is correct as of any date subsequent to the date in:boated with respect to such information. No person has been aLthonzed to make 
any statements concerning the Onshore Feeder Fund other Lean as set forth herein, and any such statements, if made. may not be relied upon. 
None of the Onshore Feeder Fund. the general partner of the Onshore Feeder Fund nor any of their respective affiliates (i) make or have made any representations with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness. or otherwise, regards- the contents hereof, (ii) bear any responsibility tc update any of the intonation contained herein or (;t) take any responsibility for the intents hereof. 
The offering of interests should not be considered an offering of tmited partnership interests (or other beneficial interests) in Secondary Opportunities Fund ill. LP (tee 'Fund"). Investors in the 
Onshore Feeder Fund will not be investors in the Fund, will have no direct interest in the Fund, will have no direct voting rights in the Fund and will have no standing or recourse against the Fund 
or the general partners of the Fund of their respective directors, officers employees. members. partners, shareividets. controlling persons or affiliates investors in the Onshore Feeder Fund wil€ 
not be parties to the amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund and are not intended to be tNrd patty beneficiaries thereunder. The offering of Interests of the Onshore 
Feeder Fund does nct constitute and should not be considered a direct or indirect offering of interests in the Fund. Moreover. none of the Onshore Feeder Fund, the general partner, the 
ewestment manager of the Onshore Feeder Fund On is taoatity as the investment manager of the Onshore Feeder Fund), the placement agents or any of their respective directors. officers, 
employees. members. partners. shareholders, controlling persons or afgates has the right to participate in the control. management or operations of the Fund. Likewise, neither the Fund nor the 
general partners of the Fund will manage. contol or advise the Onshore Feeder Fund 
This information may not be reproduced. forwarded. distributed, circulated, quoted. or otherwise disseminated without the prior consent of DB Pnvate Equity and is highly confidential: proprietary 
and trade secret Each recipient. as a condition to the provision of this information and by virtue of receipt thereof, agrees not to make a photocopy or other copy or to divulge the co-gents hereof 
to any other person (other than their own legal. business, investment or tax advisor in connection with obtaining the advice of ekth person with respect to the investmerat Recipients acknowledge 
by virtue of recent hereof that the failure to comply with the foregoing may result in irreparable damage to the Onshore Feeder Fund. the Fund• the investors and ce Private Equity. among others. 
The views set out in this presentation are those of the manager of the Fund and may not necessarily reflect the views of any other drasion wilsn Deutsche Bank. incakling the Sales and Trading 
functions of the Corporate and Investrnert Bank or the Global Client Group of Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management. All services provided by the Sales and Trading functions of the Corporate 
and Investment Bank are purely on a non-advised, exisc.ution-only basis. 
DEUTSCHE BANK SPEC€F'iCALLY DISCLAIMS ALL LABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT. CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER LOSSES OR DAMAGES INCLUD€NG LOSS OF PROFITS 
INCURRED BY A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR OR ANY THIRD PARTY THAT MAY ARISE FROM ANY RELIANCE ON THIS DOCUMENT OR FOR THE RELIABILITY. ACCURACY, 
COMPLETENESS OR TWELINESS THEREOF Please contact yobs DBsales representative for more information. 
For further disclosure of fees, such as tees paid by the Onshore Feeder Fund to the placement agents, please refer to your subscription agreement and Offering Memorandum. 
Information contained in this presentation does not constitute investment advice. 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109175 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255359 
EFTA01452258

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452259.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF Ill - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Important information 
This document is being circulated on a confidential basis for informational purposes only by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas to a hmited number of qualified prospective investors. 
DB Private Equity CDS PE) is the private equity pialform of the Asset & Wealth Management thiSion of Deutsche Bank AG. together with its aftliates. -Deutsche Bank Group" The information 
contained herein is confidential and may not be reproduced or used or distnbuted in whole or in part without the prior written consent of DB PE. The distribution of this document and availability of 
DB PE's products and aervices may be restricted by law in certain Jurisdictions. DB PE's predicts and services may be offered for sale or be sold only in those sansrictiona where such an offer or 
sale is permitted. Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management (-DeAWIsll repiesents the asset management and wealth management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or any of its 
subsid.wies. Clients will be provided DeAWM products or services by one or more legal entities that will be identified to clients pursuant to the contracts. agreements. offering materials or offer 
documentation relevant to such products or services. 
In the United States (the 'U S.1 DB PE relates to the asset management actrvities el Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and Deutsche Investment Man/tee:tient Americas Inca in Germany. 
DB Private Equity GmbH: in Australia, Deutsche Australia Limited (ASH 37 006 385 
an Australian financial services licence holder in Hong Kong. Deutsche Asset Management (Hon; Korea) 
Limited. in Japan, Deutsche Securities Inc for 051 financial advisory (not investment advisory) and distribution service only: in Singapore. Deutsche Asset Management (Asia) Limited (Company 
Reg No 190701435N); and in the United Kan-adorn. Deutsche Aitrarratarn Asset Management (UK) Limited and Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited; in addition to other 
regional entities in the Deutsche Bank Group.
An investment in private treaty is speculative and ireathees a high degree of nsk, including risk of less of the entire enlistment and is sellable only for sophisticated Imtestors Certain significant 
risks irclude, but are riot limited to. lack of !teidity for an indelmite period of tame, uncertain economic conditions and real estate nsks (including the effect of bankruptcy), A prospective Investor in 
the Onshore Feeder Fund should carefufly review the Offering Memorandum. the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Fund and the constitutional documents of the Onshore 
Feeder Fund am! the Fund understand the risks and conflicts or interest set forth therein. and shout;: consult with its legal and tax advisors. Prospect ve investors should not construe any or the 
information herein as prowling accounting, tax or legal advice on the suitability of an investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund for any particular Investor Prospective Investors must rely upon their 
own examination of the terms of an investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund, and upon their own representatives and professional advisors. including legal counsel. accountants. and tax advisors 
as to the accounting and tax treatment of such investment. suitability of such Investment. and the legal and otter aspects of an Investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund 
in making an investment decision. prospective Investors should conduct their own investigation and analysis or the data and descriptions set forth in this summary and must rely on their own 
examination of the investment opportunity. including the merits and risks involved. Prospective Investors will be given the opportunity to review the actual documentation that wilt govern the rights 
and obligations of the parties. Qualified prospective Investors may obtain from 08 PE such additional available information as they may reasonably request Purchase of the interests is suitable 
only as an investment for, and will be offered only to. persons who have, directly or through qualified representatives. the ability to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the interests 
and the ability to assume the economic risks involved in such investment. 
This document does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to stMscribe for, underwrite or Neches& an Interest and should not be treated as constituting an inducement or 
representation in connection with any offer or invitation, nor shall it or any part of rt form the basis of or be relied upon in any way in connection with. any contract relating to the Interests or the 
Orehone. Feeder aural. The irdormation herein has been prepared solely to determine prelinereary Investor Meerest in the Onshore Feeder Fund and will be superseded in its entirety by the 
Offering Memorandum, which will contain a summary of the principal terms of the amended and restated agreement of kneed partnership and certain other material legal documents in respect of 
the Onshore Feeder Fund, the investment objectives of the Onshore Feeder Fund and certain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any investment decision regarding the 
Onshore Feeder Furd 
No assurance can be given that the investment objectives of DB Secondary Opportunities Fund. L.P. (1)6 SUFI DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L P. ('DS SOF De) and DB Secondary 
Opportunities Fund Ii. LP (DB SOF Il j (together the "DB Secondaries Funds), the Fund and the Onshore Feeder Fund wil€ be achieved or that an Investor will receive a return of all or part of its 
investment. and investment results may vary substantially over any given time period. Art investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund is not a deposit with, or liability of. Deutsche Bank, 08 PE or any 
other entity m the Deutsche Bank Group and is not insured or guaranteed by any governmental body or agency 
The information contained herein was prepared without regard to the specific obctives. financial situation or needs of any particiear person who may receive it. Its intended for informational 
purposes only and it is not intended that it be retied on to make any investment decision. None of Deutsche Bank. DB PE or any other entity in the Deutsche Bank Group, gives any representation 
or warmly as to the accuracy. reliability or completeness of information ?Mich is contained in this documed 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109176 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255360 
EFTA01452259

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452260.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 18 - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Contents 
Introduction 
Secondary Market Environment 
DB Private Equity Secondaries - Strategy and Portfolio 
Key Terms 
Appendix 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109178 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255362 
EFTA01452260

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452261.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 111 - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P 
introduction 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P. (the "Onshore Feeder Fund") provides 
clients access to the Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill, LP (the "Fund" or "SOF 
SOF Ill will build a globally diversified portfolio of seasoned private equity assets on the secondary market 
Single or pollED ios of funds, portfolios of direct investments and co-investments in individua portfolio companies 
Value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal structuring 
The Fund is seeking US$1 billion in total commitments"' with the aim of generating attractive risk adjusted returns 
-- 
First dose is targeted for O1 2014 with a 5 bps p.a. discount to participating investors 
SOF III is a secondary private equity fund that continues a successful investment strategy pursued since 2006 
-• 
As of December 31. 2013 DB SOF II is 66% committed to 20 transactions 
- 
>US$1 billion invested with net aggregate performance of 1 75x TVPI and 27% net IRR2 as of September 30, 2013 
l) Secondary 0llpportunitkis Fund €ll. L.P ("SOF Ilrt is being formed by DB Private. Equity COB PEI the private equity &vision of the asset & wealth management activities al Deutsche Bank AG 
('Deutsche Bank' or "DB). The Funa is seeking USS1bn in total commitments with the aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investment returns. principally in the form of capital 
appre
tion. through the arxicasition. holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments inck.kirg buyout, growth ca0tal, venture capital. special satiation& turnarocag mezzanine. 
&stressed opportunities real estate and infrakructue assets from the secondary market. The Fund will target globally. but piimanly in the US and Europe (1t this acquisition of interests in 
established generalist and specialist private eqtky fund structures (including funds el funds. feeder funds and other similar structures) on the aricexklary market teach such fund or sbucture. a 
"Fund Secondary), (a) the acquisition of interests in portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market (each such investment interest, a "Direct Secondary l : and (ii) co-investments in 
individual portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co•investment. a 'Co investment:1. 
I2) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited performance results of DB SOF. DB SOF D and DB SOF II as of September 30. 2O133 and should be read and reviewed in 
conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important Performance Irdormation" sections of this presentation 
The -Important Performance Information* section in particular includes. 
amongst other things. a description of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to the performance &ascribed above (dross returns are gross of 
fees. eypenses and carried interest Net performance data rulkcts amounts not of expenses. lees and carried :raciest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the appropriate 
factors to be considered lc evaltntiro this gamma:ion Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of DB SOF, DB SOF D. DB SOF II or SOF III but Is included to 
demonstrate the track record of the DB Secondaries team - please refer to the Certain Risk Factors section. No assurance can be given that the performance of unrealized 
investments has not significantly changed from the date the performance reflected herein was determined. Investments in private equity are speculative and Involve significant 
risks. An investor should only invest If the investor can withstand a total loss of its investment. 
Note. DPI = DiCiagutv as to Paid-in Capital. TVP = Total Value to Paidan CN:italiJRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109179 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255363 
EFTA01452261

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452262.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF Ill - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Stable and experienced team focused on the secondary 
market 
et\ 
161 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Managing Director — London 
Co-Head of Global Secondaries 
Deutsche Bank. CDB Web Tech. General Electric: 
The Boston Consulting Group 
 el stnese School, MEng. Rome Ur 
Chi Cheung 
Director — London 
ki Deutsche Bank 
Charles Smith 
Managing Director - London 
Co-Head of Global Secondaries 
Deutsche Bank: Bankers Trust: 
"1;4 Coopers 8, Lybrand 
Adam Graev 
Director - New York 
Pomona: Lehman &others: 
  Chatteriee/Soroa; Cowen 
• 
. ,a14, 
curnbralti:, 
:j 
. 
Francesco Rigamonti 
. 
Director - London. Milan 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co 
.", Mil 
',fru -,r, '7 ` 
Senior team has worked together in secondaries for 11 years 
>US$1 billion invested in more than 200 interests over 7 years 
Team of supporting junior professionals from analyst to vice president: 
— 
Dedicated to DB's secondary investment program 
— 
Analytical and quantitative backgrounds with prior finance and accounting experience at global firms 
Deutsche Asset 
S. Wealth Pelanagemeni 
Years in finance 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109180 
SDNY_GM_00255364 
EFTA01452262

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452263.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF Ill - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Strong track record 
DB SOF, DB SOF D and DB SOF II as of September 30, 20131
(USSm) 
DB SOF
DB SOF 02
DB SOF II 
Total 
Fund vintage 
2006 
2010 
2011 
Fund size 
US$ 565 
US$ 168 
US$ 614 
US$ 1,347 
Invested capital 
558 
164 
386 
1,108 
Capital called from investors 
420 
196 
701 
Unrealized value, net 
296 
138 
242 
676 
Distributions to investors 
485 
581 
Total value 
US$ 781 
US$ 214 
US! 262 
US$ 1,257 
Gross return on invested capital 
2.07x 
2.64x 
1.34x 
1.87x 
Gross IRR 
32.9% 
48.0% 
42.2% 
35.1% 
Net multiple (TVPI) 
1.86x 
2.15x 
1.34x 
1.75x 
Net distributed (DPI) 
1.16x 
0.90x 
0.10x 
0.83x 
Net IRR 
25.3% 
35.5% 
32.4% 
26.8% 
(1) 
Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited performance results of DB SOF. DB SOF D and DB SOF II as of September 30. 2013 and should be read and reviewed in 
conjunction =rah the 'important information" anti 'Important Performance information° sections of this presentation. The 'Important Performance IMonnation" section in particular includes. 
amongst other things. a description of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to the performance described above. Gross returns are gross 
of lees. expenses and tamed interest. Net performance data reflects amounts net of expenses. fees and carried irterest. €nvestors should consult with heir own advisers as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating thrs information. Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of DB SOF. DB SOF D, DB SOF II or SOF III but is 
included to demonstrate the track record of the DB Secondaries team please refer to the Certain Risk Factors section. No assurance can be given that the performance of 
unrealized Investments has not significantly changed from the date the performance reflected herein was determined. Investments In private equity are speculative and Involve 
significant risks. An Investor should only Invest if the investor can withstand a total loss of Its Investment. 
(2) 
DB SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ values have been converted at the September 33.2013 rate of 1.35370. 
Note. IRR = Internal Rate of Return: TVPI = Total Value to Paid-in Capital, DPI = Distributions to Paid-in Capital 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Pelanagemeni 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109181 
SDNY_GM_00255365 
EFTA01452263

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452264.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF I - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB SOF and DB SOF D are ranked top decile 
Cambridge Associates' Second i i aids performance' 2
Secondary funds — Net IRR to limited partners 
Secondary funds - Net multiples to limited partners 
45% 
35% 
5% 
• 
♦ 
DB SOF 
Net IRR = 36% 
DB SOF 
Net IRR = 25% 
• 
* 
• 
• • 
Ls%) 
2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 
Irk
*Upper Quartile 
• Lower Quartile 
• Pooled Return 
Net Multiples to Pad-in Capital 
Ox 
DB SOF 
TVPI = 1.9x 
DB SOF 
DPI = 1.21\
5a 
I 
Or 
5x 
0.0x 
DB SOF 0 
TVPI = 2.2x 
DB SOF D 
DPI = 0.5x 
lilt 
■ 
2001 2032 2003 2004 2008 2006 2007 2008 2005 2010 
• Index DPI ■ Index RVPI at DB funds DPI 
DB funds RVPI 
(1) 
hifeunation pionontod on tha pipe 3; omen on the imaudoxi reulis of DB SOF and 08 SOF D as of September acs. 3013 anJ should to seen and se.noord m conamthen )viii the -Inpalon information' and linponant 
Porlonntanoo Intemmlion- sections of this pnnonto%n. The important Performance Information" in partr.ular includes. amplest other things. a description of the tone: used in the churls above and sets forth important 
goidelines end Fanitabons an to sodonstante ;tot forth etose. Mel pdfourianoe data reflects amounts net of ententats. fees and cooled interest. You should (cantata-1M your C,All a:deified to lv the clomping° factor-i to 
be considered in evaluating this informntfrm. Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of DB SOF. DS SOF D. DB SOF II or SOF alt but ie included to demonstrate the track record of the 
DS Secondaries team - please refer to the Certain Risk Factors section. No assurance can be given that the performance of unrealized investments has not significantly changed horn the date the 
performance reflected herein was determined. Investments in private equity are speculative and Involve significant risks An Investor should only Invest If the Investor can withstand a total loss of Its 
investment 
(2) 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of June 30. 2013.08 Secondaries Funds are shown beixfunarked against their video), year peer group. This infoiniat run reflects a companton of 06 
SOF (rid DB .SOF O performance aped; WO boot:brook Doh. DB SOF end DB SOF Os serforrianco may differ when compered to (AIN beri,:hflUtit data. DB SOF and DB SOF D pdforinance B not included In Me 
data set need to calculate Inn benchritkrk 
Nolo: RP • tritons-a R,sent Reidu. DPI • Distributions le PRISM Capital; RVPl • Residue) Virtue it; Paid-in Capitol 
Deutsche Asset 
V1leatf11 !)1000.1fe.nn:n€ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109182 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255366 
EFTA01452264

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452265.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB Secondaries' differentiated investment strategy 
Focus on off-market 
transactions globally 
■ Mainly smaller US$5m-50m transactions: 
USS28m average deal size' 
■ Large deals when team has an angle 
Sophisticated portfolio 
management to help mitigate risk 
■ Currency hedging 
■ Historically no leverage at transaction or 
portfolio level,
■ Cash management to optimize performance 
1) 
2) 
3) 
5) 
Leverage DB platform for 
sourcing and due diligence2
■ 70% of deals proprietary 
■ Access to DB PE portfolio of >250 managers 
and >450 funds globally 
■ Broader Deutsche Bank resources 
DB Secondaries' 
differentiated 
Investment 
Strategy 
co
Purchase mature fund interests 
at a discount 
■ 83% funded at time of entry3
■ 25% average discount to FMV3
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
■ Transacted 0.4% of global pipefines 
■ Value creation through in-depth fundamental 
analysis as opposed to deal structuring 
Based on Itie portfolios of DB SOF, De SOF C and OB SOF II as of September 30. 3013 
Sutertl to Douttorho Honk s nlenial pOlkt and procedures 
NAV seinhirkl. an of Sersomber 30, 2013. NAV = Not At:se Vasa, FMV = Fair Markel Value 
DB PE's own calculation as of September 30. 2013. 
Represents aggro/gale deal Ilue mooned by the OB Seanslorloo b401% fan ...kuruory 1. 2006 to Sopkornber 30 2013. Rflorxel deal Bow Cit(ifiglettUKS Co nol provide a prediction ailerons fronds 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Menagerneni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255367 
DB-SDNY-0109183 
EFTA01452265

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452266.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB PE platform is accretive to sourcing and due diligence 
DB Private Equity 
Global platform with local expertise 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
investment 
learn 
Integrated 
approach 
Deep network 
of relationships 
Responsible 
Investment 
platform' 
Dedicated 
Structuring 
- 
Solutions for institutional and pnvate clients 
— 
Investing since 1991' 
- 
Managing US$ 10.2 billion in total assets' 
- 
people strong team in 4 locations globally 
- 
investment professionals with an average of 12 
years of relevant experience 
- 
Primary, secondary. and co-investment capabilities 
- 
Across private equity. private debt. real estate and 
infrastructure 
— 
Invested in over 450 pnvate markets partnerships with 
over 250 fund managers' 
- 
Access to the broader Deutsche Bank platform= 
- 
Signatory to the Principles for Responsible Investment 
since 2008 
- 
DB PE ESG Policy reflects increasing industry focus 
on ESG principles 
— 
In-house structuring teams 
Client service 
— 
Fund administration and reporting 
— 
Tailored controlling and risk management solutions 
NORTH AMERICA 
New York 
EUROPE 
London 
Cologne 
Frankfurt Zurich 
ASIA 
Singapore 
0) 
Via its predecessor businesses. 
(2) 
DB PE own calculations as of March 31. 2013. unaudited 
(3) 
Subject to applicable regulations and Deutsche Bank's internal policies and procedures and contractual limitations 
(4) 
0eAWM has been a signatory to the UN Global Compact and the UN Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) since 20O8 ESG Environmental. Social and Governance. 
Deutsche Asset 
:7. Wealth A'aoaJemnn€ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255368 
DB-SDNY-0109184 
EFTA01452266

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452267.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Contents 
Ihi Introduction 
Secondary Market Environment 
DB Private Equity Secondaries — Strategy and Portfolio 
Key Terms 
Appendix 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109185 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255369 
EFTA01452267

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452268.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF Ill - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
The merits of secondary investing 
Private equity secondaries market provides a way for investors to sell their existing private equity 
investments despite the illiquid nature of the asset class 
— 
Do not pay historical fees 
Reduced cost 
— 
Future fees are discounted from the 
transaction price 
— 
Funded, identifiable assets at more 
Mitigate 
mature stage 
Blind Pool Risk 
- 
Relatively small remaining unfunded 
commitments 
Mitigate 
— 
Shorter duration of investments 
J-CUrVe 
— 
Earlier cash distributions 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Accelerates deployment of capital 
— 
Provides diversified exposure across 
vintage, strategy, industry and 
geography 
— 
Re-price existing funded assets 
— 
Capitalize on pricing inefficiencies 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flows 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
■ 
Capital calls and management fees 
■ 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
Note: The ir 
mat 
:iiit aage 
for resesssis.n pLEposes. Inc giapn is an eta:m, for illustrative purposes only and the actual profile of any given investment in a fund may vary 
substantially 
.— 
— 
Deutsche Asset 
tg Wealth Management 
years 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109186 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255370 
EFTA01452268

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452269.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary market dealflow continued in 2012 
Transaction volumes dominated by financial institutions and public pensions 
Secondary Market Value 2003 - 2013 
USSbn 
■Secondary Directs 
• Secondary LPs 
103 
8.5 
Z1 
7.5 
16.4 
9.2
9 
0 
25.0 
2(' 
— 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013E 
Source: DB PE based on Cogent Secondary Pricing 'Trends & Analysis and UBS Outlook 
2013. both January 2013 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Managerneni 
2012 transaction value by seller type 
■ Financial Institutions / Insurance 
■ Public Pension 
Asset Manager 
■Corporate Pension 
■ Government Agency 
■ Endowment / Foundation 
2012 transaction value by seller geography 
■ North America 
▪ Europe 
u Rest of World 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109187 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255371 
EFTA01452269

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452270.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Evolution from distressed sellers to motivated sellers 
Lips seeking to rebalance portfolios, reduce GP relationships, manage liquidity 
Seller waves' 
Liquidity, 
strategic 
shift 
De-leverage / 
reduce unfunded liabilities 
To date2
HNWI and family offices 
Listed vehicles foundations and endowments 
Increase capital ratios/ 
reduce risk weighted assets 
Re-balancing portfolios 
LP fatigue 
Expected 
Banks and financial institutions 
Pension plans 
2008 
I 
2009 
I 
2010 
I 
2011 
I 
2012 
2013 
I 
2014 
(11 Thu 
.J;:it: to, err. 1:,g4le, ^J•yt:.=,l.u,M`.eJJ..lo:i:.:n,e:q:.t rovoireei typos. Poor 
e.:ifned before the achy*/ (lal. : 
ir.1! 
(7) 
Graphic bawd on sited horn 0.8 Sooxrlink* ivain as of Supt.tinbor 39. 2913. 
Note: LP = LamAnd Panner; GP = General Palmer. Semite: P 
avralable information. Dow Jones Private Equity Anabsi NoveM.,:r 
Deutsche Asset 
Weatth Management 
Select 2010-13 transactions 
Skoll 
Descours EPI 
• 
APEN Private Equity 
• 
Conversus 
• 
NB Private Equity Partners 
• 
Princess Private Equity Holdings 
Bank of America 
Barclays 
CM Holding 
Credit Agricole 
Credit Suisse 
General' 
Groupama 
Barclays 
CaIPERS 
Hermes GPE 
North Carolina DST 
• 
Behrman Capital 
• 
Candover 
• 
Willis Stein & Partners • 
• 
• 
HM Capital 
Partners/Kainos 
• 
HSH Nordbank 
• 
JP Morgan 
• 
Lehman Brothers 
• 
Lloyds 
• 
RBS 
• 
Sal Oppenheim 
• 
Wachovia Capital 
• 
New Jersey SIC 
• 
Nycers 
• 
Omers 
• 
Misc NA public plans 
HM Capital 
Pan ne rsnailwater 
Ferrer Freeman & Co 
Aurora Resurgence 
Fund 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109188 
SDNY_GM_00255372 
EFTA01452270

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452271.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondary market pricing has normalized to historical 
levels 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests and deal volumes 
• Overheated market in 2006 and 2007 with few 
sellers 
• Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
Pricing % of NAV 
120 
110 
100 
93 
110 
alieSecondary market volume 
—a—Secondary market pricing 
107 
• Few transactions closed at this pricing 
due to a wide bid-ask spread 
• Closed transactions consisted mostly 
of unfunded LP interests 
Prerniimi 
DISCOU 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
1H08 
21108 
1H09 
21109 
11110 
Source 06 RE analys:s and est:mates based On C (>9 en t Secondary Pour, Trends & Analysis, July 2013. 
Note: NAV = Net Asset Value. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Deutsche Asset 
S. Wealth Managerneni 
• Pricing returned back to normalized 
historical levels 
• Now stable for 2 years at 80-85c/S as 
supply continues to come to market 
Annual volume USS 
21110 
11111 
al 1 1 
11112 
21112 
1H 13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109189 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255373 
EFTA01452271

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452272.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF Ill - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Secondaries Market Outlook 
Secondaries Market 
will remain active 
Banks are not 
finished selling 
Sources of 
dealflow will 
increasingly include 
GP restructurings 
Trend towards 
smaller / more 
complex deals 
ii 
$3 trillion of private equity NAV + unfunded 
Secondaries market still only represents less than 1% per annum 
• Banks have reduced overall exposure to PE 
• However still account for approximately 6% or $100 billion of total PE assets 
Primary funds reach the end of their lives and new fundraising becomes more 
difficult 
An increasing number of GPs will need to reinvent themselves 
• Many of the large bank sales and pension plan 'macro' restructurings have 
happened 
■ 
This leaves smaller and more difficult assets to sell 
Source. Cogeril Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis. UBS Outlook 2013. both January 2013 and 2013 Prectin Global Private Equdy Report. February 2013. 
Note: GP = General Partner. 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109192 
SDNY_GM_00255376 
EFTA01452272

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452273.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF 18 - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Contents 
Introduction 
Secondary Market Environment 
II 
DB Private Equity Secondaries - Strategy and Portfolio 
Key Terms 
Appendix 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109193 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255377 
EFTA01452273

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452274.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB Secondaries leverages global sourcing capabilities 
With particular strengh in Europe 
Sourcing levers 
Access to >250 GPs and 
Access to DB PE global 
>450 fund investments' 
platform' 
North America 
pi?•-e - nr",1/4" 
dr-i= 
/ 
Lon 
/ New York 
Differentiated structuring 
capabilities of Secondary 
Team 
Perceived secondary market efficiency 
Asia 
Seller location, by value2
Deal source by value2
1) 
DB PE's own calculation as of September 30. 2011 Subject to Deutsche Banks internal policies and procedures. GP = General Partner. 
2) 
The DB  Secondanes Funds' portfolio by fair market value as at September 30: 2013 Historical deal characteristics do not provide a prediction of future trends. 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Managerneni 
• Europe 
• North America 
Rest of the World 
• Proprietary 
• Limited process 
!!! Syndication 
• Auction = 0% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109194 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255378 
EFTA01452274

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452275.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF Ill - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
2013 dealflow still at the high level seen since 2008 
With DB Secondaries continuing to emphasize rigorous selection 
Deal flows 
Opportunities reviewed vs. investments completed' 
Deals per 
week 
- 
il2007 
liflu
Total # of deals 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
Q3 2013 
# of deals 
1600 
1400 
1200 
1000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
-$217bn 
in volume 
reviewed 
Deals reviewed 
Transacted: 
• 0.4% by value 
• 2.4% by number 
Investments completed 
Source' DB PE.. lc, dk,,,;tiduvii. purposes only 
(1) Deal flow information represents the aggregate deal flow reviewed by the DB Secondaries team between January 1. 2O,-,C and September 30, 2013. Historical deal flow characteristics do not 
provide a prediction of future deal flow vends See Important Performance Information at the end of this presentation 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Managemeni 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255379 
DB-SDNY-0 109195 
EFTA01452275

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452276.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB Secondaries is positioned to emphasise pricing 
discipline over volume 
Mid-sized 
funds 
Small 
funds 
— PE market 
indexing 
— Global 
— Volume-driven 
--- Value investing 
— Regional / global 
— Selective, pursue 
proprietary deals 
— Value investing 
— Local 
— Niche strategies 
Fund size' 
$m 
10.000 
2020 
I—. 
I 
llINv ea\ C 
500 
• 0  
' 
• • • 
0 
• 
•• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• ••. 
S. 
• • 
'I
• 
• 
sb 
100  
••• 
a 
4—
• 
• 
• • 
m •  0• a 0 
• 
• 
• 8 • 
• 9 o 
• •
a 
• 
• 
• 
•
a 
a 
• 
• 
1936 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
2014 
Fund size 
• 4500m 
04500m (raising) 
• DB Secondaries 
Sows: Preen tibial:dim December 2013. peovec.corn Sop/ember 4.2013. 1 Sue of cuclo cortelat 
Mackstone Group. S Now post of 
ropstone Group. 
Deutsche Asset 
1114C10 
Manaj f1 0 N1 0€ 
• $500 • 2000m 
• >52000m 
,:•$ii5C0 • 2000m (raising) 0>$2000m (raising) 
• AlpInvest2
• Ardian2
• Coller 
• Goldman 
Sachs 
• HarbourVest 
• Landmark 
• Lexington 
• Adams Street 
• Arcano 
• ARCIS 
• Committed 
Advisors 
• DB 
Secondaries 
• Fondinvest 
• Greenparks 
• LGT 
• Neuberger 
Berman 
• Pantheon 
• Partners Group 
• Paul Capital 
• Strategic 
Partners` 
• Hamilton Lane 
• JPMorgan 
• Morgan 
Stanley 
• Newbury 
• PineBridge 
• Pomona 
• Portfolio 
Advisors 
• 17 Capital 
• Access 
• Adveq 
• Auda 
• Capital 
Dynamics 
• Cubera 
• Five Arrows 
• Headway 
• Keyhaven 
• Montauk 
TriGuard 
• Permal 
• Private Equity 
Investors 
• RCP 
• TIFF 
• Unigestion 
• VCFA 
• Willowridge 
tvdrt the rem of the fund. 2 An &Albite ol The Call* Group 3. Formed,/ know, as AM. 4 An altitude of thu 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109196 
SDNY_GM_00255380 
EFTA01452276

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452277.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Strong emphasis on fundamental analysis 
Bottom-up analytics to discount multiple layers of fees and carry 
Co-investment 
Number of portfolio 
companies (PC): 1 
Fund 
Private Equity funds 
Number of PCs: 10-20 
Fund-of-funds 
Fund-of-funds 
F 
Private Equity funds 
PC, 
PC 
PC 
Number of PCs: 100-300 
PCN 
Implied NAV 
discount 
Price reflecting 
target returns 
• Discounted cash flow MCP) roll-up 
analysis discounting impact of fees. 
carry, other costs & obligations at fund 
of funds level 
• Review of fund manager (GP) quality 
• DCF analysis discounting impact of 
fees, carry, and costs & obligations al 
fund portfolio level 
• Bottom-up analysis and projections for 
portfolio companies 
• Operational, financial and market risk 
review for each company 
• Assessment of liquidity prospects 
Source. OB PE Note. The Information on this page is an example for illustrative purposes only and the actual profile of any given investment in a fund may vary substantially. 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Manajen)eni 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109197 
SDNY_GM_00255381 
EFTA01452277

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452278.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB Secondaries has consistently priced below market 
Proprietary sourcing. pricing discipline and an experienced team have led to significant, consistent discount' 
% of NAV 
120 
109 
110 
Rale, 7 
 H08 
Premium 
'11111 
Hill' 
'11111 
Hill' 
'11111 
Hill' 
H13 
21108 
1H09 
2I-109 
11110 
21110 
11111 
21111 
11112 
2H12 
—0—Secondary market pricing (Buyout funds) 
—4{—DB Secondaries pricing 
!Ili 
-- 
-- 
- ''; 
Past performance is not a predktion of the future performance of 08 SOP. DB SOF D. 08 SOF II or SOF Ill hut is included to demonstrate the track record of the DB Secondaries team • please refer to the Certain 
Risk Factors section. No assurance can be given that the performance of unrealized Investments has not significantly changed from the date the performance refletted herein was determined. Investments in 
private equity are speculative and involve significant risks. An investor should only invest if the investor can withstand a total loss of its investment 
Histnrreil deal lime characternlirat de furl provide a presets', of future deal flow trends. Sex 'important Performanne Kant motion' at the and of than uunetnlaturn. NAV • Net Asset Value DO Secorularies pricing excludes 
direct pnrtfolars and co-investments. 
._89utse..D.O.P.tecative.no..the.unauaetweemomaicuteart.the_DB.Sosonfl•IMaimthe-,....aloblurn.N.2Q.I.I.Aual.CoZra8s5oralaur_Pnctia.tr.endklaknahran...lafr..2014 
Deutsche Asset 
..4". Wealth Menagemeni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109198 
SDNY_GM_00255382 
EFTA01452278

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452279.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF Ill - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB SOF II investment activity 
As of [I) 
imber 31. 2013 
Over US$400 million committed to 20 diversified transactions representing 66% of total commitments 
Project Name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal Type 
Underlying 
Funds 
Underlying 
Companies 
Invested' 
(USSm) 
Initial 
closing 
Gross 
multiple' Portfolio Detail 
- Monel 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Interests 
40.6 
Q311 
4x Europe — mid-market buyout 
2- Beethoven 
Proprietary 
Miscellaneous 
Portfolio of directs 
15.7> 
11 
IAN Europe — growth equity 
3- Rembrandt 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund interests 
11 
3.8x Europe — late stage venture 
- Giant 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund interest 
3.3 
Q4 11 
1.8x US —mezzanine 
- Hemingway 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund interest 
16.1 
Q411 
g gx US — special situations 
6/7/14 - Modigliani 1,118111 
Proprietary 
Ht4W/ Family office 
Fund interests 
248 
24.4 
12 
1.8x Global — diversified 
- Hockney 
Limited Process 
Asset Manager 
Fund interest 
12 
1.5x Europe — mrd-market buyout 
9- Chagall 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
Fund interest 
9.5 
Q312 
1.eN Europe — mezzanine 
- Hopper 
Syndication 
Miscellaneous 
Fund interest 
15.1 
12 
1.1x Americas — buyout 
- Donatello 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Fund interest 
2.9 
12 
2.2g Americas — Mezzanine
- Pollock 
Proprietary 
Family office 
Fund interest 
12.9 
12 
Americas —buyout 
14x 
buyout 
-Whitney 
Limited process 
Pension 
Fund interest 
64.0 
12 
gx Europe — buyout 
- Constable 
Limited process 
Asset Manager 
Fund interest 
7 
13 
2x Europe — buyout 
- Ceccom 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund interests 
12.6 
Q213 
4x Global — diversified 
17- Bailey 
Proprietary 
Asset Manager 
Portfolio of directs 
305 
13 
0x Europe — growth equity 
- Stembeck 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund interests 
97.3 
13 
1.1x Global — co-invest 
Total as of September 30.2013 
471 
LISS335.7 
— Guardi 
Limited process 
Family Office 
Fund interests 
>100 
14.0 
13 
Global — diversified 
20— Williams 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Fund interest 
6.6 
13 
Americas — buyott 
Total as of December 31. 2013 
587 
USS406.3 
aosfassf fjoffoosi as suf., of lost of a:2foot t•fa e 
fainafffirfit olio idol obi Oaten as al the iimo of ekenlg, or brio ot otfpos.loti dosing lor pc:cling dogs 
(2) The pertern some fames were been essorlaiesl urten nn ininridnecr foe market vetoes its of Seplernher 30. 2013 and should his read And meowed in oonsesslion rails the 'important tokens:doer fret important 
Pedonstanco kittens:Ilion" slides. The !)lass 
me gross of feet, milord:to and mooed interest which airi not charged at lho investment oriel so poileimance wand urlede.d lo be morose...Mere at investment 
returns to investors 1w:colors should mescal with !her own itch:toot% no to the upprepti.tie lacion to be eon:Adored in es :dusting Wit isilf0Ms.ittli Past performance Is not a prediction of future performance. 
(3) Excluders $17.8in ol COrniTiftrnenl to de Armdeus Ell voltske whine OB Sec ondades retains investment chscretIon 
(4) Thar., is no 
large° mat art '*grrerr iny.,51mem  
col ,n1810 01 form pan of a future 'wrested 
atoll.> or that it v41 te ..scaårtle or rifts! further &* ll il once rove uldble for OB SOP II 
Deutsche Asset 
Vileatth N4.ans.len).?n! 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109199 
SDNY_GM_00255383 
EFTA01452279

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452280.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB SOF II' cashflow profile 
Despite the young age of the fund, DB SOF II has already returned capital to 
investors 
Cumulative cash flows to investors 
US$m 
700 
600 
500 
400 
300 
196 
200 
135 
161 
161 
100 
Net contributed capital as % of commitment 
Net contributed capital = Capital Calls — Distributions 
100% 
75% 
50% 
25% 
0% 
M 
el 
Cumulative Distributions 
i
ielo
iCumulative Capital Calls 
— —Committed Capital 
6% 
6% 
9% 
9% 
15% 
22% 
26% 
25% 
29% 
R 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited performance results of DB SOF II as of September 30. 2013 and should be read and reviewed in corsunction with the 
important Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections of this presentation Investors should consult with their own advisors as to the appropriate factors to be considered 
in evaluating this information Past performance of DB SOF II Is not a prediction of the future performance of DB SOF, DB SOF D, DB SOF II or SOF UI but is Included to demonstrate 
the track record of the DB Secondaries team - please refer to the Certain Risk Factors section. No assurance can be given that the performance of unrealized investments has not 
significantly changed from the date the performance reflected herein was determined. Investments in private equity are speculative and involve significant risks. An Investor 
should only Invest If the Investor can withstand a total loss of its Investment 
Deutsche Asset 
S. Wealth Pelanagerneni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109201 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255385 
EFTA01452280

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452281.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Summary of Key Terms 
The following is a summary of selected principal terms and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, including the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum of the Fund attached thereto. and the legal documentation relating to the Onshore Feeder Fund. the Offshore Feeder Fund and the Fund 
Fund Name 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Auditor 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Upfront Placement Fee 
Management Fee' 
Investment Period 
Two Years alter the end of 
the Investment Period 
Thereafter through the end 
of the Fund tern' 
Carried interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
First Close Fee Break 
Fund 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP 
English Limited Partnership 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
S5 million 
$1 billion 
years from the date of the final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions at the 
managers discretion 
For the purposes of making portfolio investments andor paying expenses; s.th not less 
than 12 business days' prior vadten notice 
years from the final closing 
Any of Pncewaterhouse Coopers LLP. Delano Touche Tohmatsu. KPMG or Emst 
Young. LLP 
State Street Bank and Trust Company 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Annual managers report. audited financial statements and quarterly unaudited financial 
Quarterly reports. capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements and capital account statements (2nd and 3rd quarters only) 
statements 
NiA 
Up to 2 50% of commitment 
Onshore Feeder Fund 
Secondary Opportunties Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund (U.S.). L P. 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
Invest in the Fund 
8500.000 
NiA 
Will follow the term of the Fund, plus an additional six months 
days' written notice 
Will follow the investment period of the Fund 
Any of Pncewaterhouse Coopers LLP, Delorne Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or 
Ernst 8 Young. LLP 
State Street Bank and Trust Company 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
25% of commitments 
75% of commitments 
00% of invested capital: 
50% of invested capital:
The greater of 90% of the annual profit share of previous year and 0 25% of invested 
The greater of 90% of the management fee payable of the previous year and 
capital 
20% of invested capital 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 100.00% special limited partner catch-up 
and lull clawback 
N/A: paid at the Fund not the Onshore Feeder Fund level 
Higher of (a) three-month LIBOR plus 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
Same as the Fund 
5bps p a. on management fee 
re 44! 
Confi:rerin;. 
m.),,nirom cz' 
.;;;Ishccti Feeder Fund and rho Confidential Private Ptacenx.nt Monkdo:Awn of the Fund Oho -Mentornrida-) for the Id chic-louvre al risk !actors, minds of 
interest. oz,mplete terms, and regulitory and 
considernbrAts of the Fund and the Onshore Fender Find. Please refer to the Certain Risk Factors anion of fin presentation. 
Notes: Fof fun her diu(k)thEe of licit, such as fees and ckpoirsos paid by the i' isttoto Feeder Fund and tie. Food. please refer lo your subscription agreement and the Magician:Ia. In addftion to the foes and exstortses 
described above. the Fund and the Onshore Feeder Fund will incur performance fees. management lens and expenses charged by gm selected underlying funds in which the Fund rests. An a result. the fee structure of the 
Onshore Ftie-h3r Fund anti the Fund will be taper that if the investor invested direcgy in the selected and
 lords. In at:claim. investors invest: no no the Onshore Feedet Fund rather than direcity through the Fund will be 
t.tibleci to an additional layer of expennes 
t1) layr=itors committing >$50million to the Fund will reckhve a cLiccuunt of 10 Nisi,. pak.ts pr.; Irrresloni mninithing ni04`nilkonssill (eaten ditootuit al 20 basis points p U. 
(2) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments over the Ide of the fund (including amounts distributed to berated partners from distributions) and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved 
for t.u(*i investments 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth A'ans.)emnn€ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109203 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255387 
EFTA01452281

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452282.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
SOF III — ILPA 2 scorecard1
SOF III 
Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
 
• Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
 
• Limited Partner ("LP") favorable clawback provision 
 
• 100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
 
• Sponsor equity interest in the Fund (subject to DE compliance with the US Asset Management Exemption (Volcker Rule), 
DB intends to commit the lower of 2.9% or US$29m to the Fund at same terms and conditions as LPs) 
Governance 
 
• Key man and "for cause" provisions protective to LPs' interests 
 
- Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of investment period 
 
• No Fault Divorce with simple majority vote of LPs 
 
• Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate limitations on investment concentration 
 
• Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
 
• Comprehensive financial reporting 
 
• GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
 
• General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
 
• Detailed due diligence provided 
(1) ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Association. The full guidelines can be found at httpJMpe.org/principles-veraion•2Q'. 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Managemeni 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109204 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255388 
EFTA01452282

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452283.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Contents 
Introduction 
Secondary Market Environment 
DB Private Equity Secondaries — Strategy and Portfolio 
Key Terms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109205 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255389 
EFTA01452283

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452284.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB PE is part of Alternatives & Fund Solutions 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Alternatives & Fund Solutions 
Deutsche Bank 
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management 
Alter natives 
Fund Solutions 
Hedge Funds 
Global 
Transaction 
Banking 
Alternatives 
Real 
Assets 
Non-Core 
Operations 
Deposits & 
loans 
Mutual Funds 
Porttolio Acknsory Alternatrve Asset portfolio management 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth k`:ana3Pmen 
• 
A fully vertically and horizontally integrated provider of 
alternatives investment solutions 
• 
Coverage across the liquidity spectrum — from mutual funds 
and hedge funds to private equity. infrastructure and real 
estate 
• 
Providing portfolio advisory services for funds and for private 
equity primaries and secondaries 
• 
Structuring an extensive range of innovative, customised 
products such as UCITS, ETFs, fund-linked derivatives, 
retirement solutions, structured financing and solutions for 
regulatory capital efficiency 
• 
A dedicated trading platform that provides clients with liquidity 
enhancement, secondary market making. leverage, capital 
protection. FX hedging and risk overlays 
• 
A dedicated Managed Accounts business 
• 
For institutional, private wealth and retail clients, globally 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109206 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255390 
EFTA01452284

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452285.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F Ill - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
The team's differentiated structuring experience (2003-06) 
Senior team members participated in DE3's sale of approximately €5bn of private equity assets 
Deutsche Bank's PE portfolio as of December 31. 2002 
Fund Investments 
Managed Funds 
Venture Directs 
Emer. Mkts Directs 
Direct 
L BOs 
Other 
Germany 
• 
Individual fund sales 
Portfolio auctions 
• 
Securrtaation 
• 
Spin-in to form secondary business 
▪ 
Asset by asset wind-down with outsourced r 
in-house management 
• 
Secondary spin-out / [ranched portfolio sale 
• 
Asset by asset sale and secondary spin-out 
• 
Spin-out and sale to MidOcean Partners 
Asset by asset sale 
2003-06 wind-down program I 2
Ebn 
• 
• 
• Private equity funds 
• Private equity directs 
SO 
cote
Cb 
cseb 
()%
1% 
S 
414 
2002 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
th 
Source: Deutsche Bank quarterly reports, publicly available information. The reduction of E.5.1bn in Deutsche Bank's private equity exposure corresponds to the difference in the amounts 
stated as at December 2006 against December 2002. 
(2) 
Unfunded commitment to funds. industrial holdings and other strategic investments not included 
Note: Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli played a role alongside other DB colleagues in the transactions that contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Barks proprietary private equity 
portfolio. Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli were not involved in all such transactions and the efforts described above were attributable to the wider whole 08 team rather than any 
individual within it 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Menagemen€ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109208 
SDNY_GM_00255392 
EFTA01452285

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452286.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB SOF and DB SOF D 
As of September 30, 2013 
Fund 
Project Name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal Type 
Invested' 
(US$m) 
Initial 
closing 
Gross 
multiple? 
Portfolio Detail 
DB SOF 
#1 - Leonardo 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund interests 
2053 
07 
lx 
US / Europe — diversified 
DB SOF 
#2 - Sprint 
Syndication 
Public to private 
Co-investment 
36.0 
07 
2.5x 
Europe - large buyout 
DB SOF 
#3 - Constellation 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
Portfolio of directs 
16.6 
07 
0.8x 
US! Eur - healthcare mature VC 
DB SOF 
#4 - Crown 
Syndication 
Financial Institution 
Buy-in - portfolio of directs 
19.3 
07 
1.4x 
Europe - special situations 
DB SOF 
#5 - Freedom 
Syndication 
Pension 
Spin-out - portfolio of directs 
15.0 
Q208
0.9x 
US - mid-market buyout 
DB SOF 
#6 - Pigeon 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund interest 
22.8 
08 
1.5x 
US - mid-market buyout 
DB SOF 
#7 - Hoover P 
Proprietary 
HNW/Family Office 
Fund of funds interests 
0.4 
08 
1.7x 
US / Asia - diversified 
DB SOF 
#8 - Hoover II' 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Single fund interest 
0.1 
09 
8.9x 
US - mezzanine 
DB SOF 
#9 - Amadeus I 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund interests 
16.1 
09 
2.3x 
Europe - large buyout 
DB SOF 
#10 - Hoover III' 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund interest 
2.7 
09 
0.9x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
DB SOF 
#11 - Amadeus II 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund interest 
5.4 
09 
3.1x 
Europe - large buyout 
DB SOF 
#12 - Hoover IV' 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund interest 
a5 
Q209
2.0x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
DB SOF 
#13 - Hoover V' 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund interest 
3.4 
09 
1.7x 
US - mezzanine 
DB SOF 
#14 - Bach 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Portfolio of directs 
27.0 
09 
1.4x 
Europe - tech venture 
DB SOF 
#15 - Hoover VP 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund interests 
4.8 
10 
1.9x 
US! Europe - mid-market buyout 
DB SOF 
#16- Hoover VIP 
Proprietary 
HNW/Family office 
Fund interests 
2.9 
10 
13x 
US - mid-market buyout 
DB SOF 
#17 - Bach Coinvest 
Proprietary 
Corporation 
Co-investment 
13.4 
10 
aex 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
DB SOF 
#18 - Hoover VIII" 
Proprietary 
HNW/Family office 
Fund of funds interests 
0.5 
10 
2.5x 
US - mid-market buyout 
DB SOF 
#19 - DaVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund interests 
110.5 
10 
2.7x 
US! Europe - diversified 
DB SOF 
#20- Imperial 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund interests 
51.1 
10 
1.9x 
US! Europe — mezzanine 
DB SOF 
#21 - Hoover IX' 
Proprietary 
HNW/Family office 
Fund of funds interests 
10 
2.4x 
US! Europe - diversified 
DB SOF total 
USS557.6 
2.1x 
DB SOF D #19 - DaVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund interests 
163.9 
10 
2.6x 
US! Europe - diversified 
DB SOF plus DB SOF D total 
USS721.5 
2.2x 
Executed transactions 
(1) 'Inv wleS :Wined as mon of the panne:, prim and reireining unfunded obspation 
at the limn of closinp 
tent of orixostod caosiny for pendinq *talc. 
(2) The perforeconui figures have bon calcutit.xl based on unaudlled fair 'rallies a. or September 30. 2013 and should be wad and nolgraied in convection with the "Wiped:ail Intormailion* and "Imoottant Performance 
Informatuai ,lidos. Gross rebnist tau gum of fort'-{ orpontaiti and wined inumisl. ;Mach are not chart/td at the arcoument !oval so r(tro:manse is not usisuciesI to ha roprosuntotrve of inytiament minim' to arrest:A; 
Investors sheiala commit with !noir mon rrevisers as to the appropriate balm to be cormideren in evaluating the; information. Past performance is not a prediction of future performance. 
m
(3) Hoover traaclourei magnolia the inuesterents made by INS SOF via a special purpoto vehkao l PV) altractinp additional loos arid expenses. The actual paftartramar for the SPV may be lover al:nate performance of 
ity.011.4.4.tal illy.sstAtotalcisadr oi_lb.u.wil4iiicxr-g to  
cLenmtrynst.lt Asaf.vo.obs Nat tiNtOx 
st:stcpcomtsv..aoci..S•m!cc.sts.g..XL.:91/ •  1M 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth ItMinagemehl 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109209 
SDNY_GM_00255393 
EFTA01452286

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452287.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB SOF - Portfolio diversification 
As of September 30, 2013 
Asset Type 
Asset Geography 
3% 
• Fund Secondaries (LPs) 
• Direct Secondaries 
Co-investments 
• Europe 
• North America 
Rest of the World 
Investment Strategy 
12% 
12% 
4% 
31% 
• Co-Investment 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
a Growth Equity / Late Stage 
Venture Capital 
• Mezzanine 
13% 
S• 
Large Buyout 
• Special Situations / Energy 
28% 
15% 
Vintage Year 
23% 
10% 
• 1988-1999 
15% 
• 2000-2005 
2006 
• 2007 
18% 
• 2008 
• 2009-2010 
Sector Composition 
5%2% 2%1% 
ilk 
5%
%
12% 
23% 
LION 
• Healthcare 
• IT and technology 
• Industrials 
• Other 
• Consumer 
* Financial Services 
Communications and Media 
Business Services 
• Natural Resources 
Transportation 
(1) Figures represent 
fi;i5 niwket valve of the C8 SOF portfr.Uo as at September 30. 2013. Historical deal froµ characteristics do not provale a prediction of futuie deal 5-ow trends. 
(2) This page should be read and reviewed in corijunction with the 'Important Perfonnance Information' and 'Certain Risk Factors' sections at the end of this presentation. 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Managerneni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109210 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255394 
EFTA01452287

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452288.pdf
----------------------------------------
S0F III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
DB SOFA cashflow profile 
26c per $1 of commitment has been maximum net investor outlay 
Cumulative cash flows to investors 
USSm 
700 
600 
500 
400 
352 
200 
100 
ir
ll1111
1111
111 
m 
P., 
R g 
R g 
304 304 
300 
250 
385 385 385 385 
418 418 418 419 419 420 
te) 
Curntiative Distributions 
asiiirom*Cumulative Capital Calls 
— -Committed Capital 
g 
Net contributed capital as % of commitment 
Net contributed capital = Capital Calls — Distributions 
100% 
75% 
50% 
25% 20%19%23%22%i 
23%6% 
22%20% 
8% 
16%15%16% 
8% 
1% 
-6% -9% 
-12% 
O o 
o 
o 
CNI 
CN 
RA9R249R44:2R24.2Rg 
(1) Performance figures have been cractgmed based on the unaudited performance results or DB S0F as of September Xi. 2013 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the 
important Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections of this presentation. Investors should consult with their own advisors as to the appropriate factors to be considered 
in evaluating this information Past performance of DB SOF Is not a prediction of the future performance of DB SOF, DB SOF D, DB SOF II or SOF III but Is included to demonstrate 
the track record of the DB Secondaries team - please refer to the Certain Risk Factors section. No assurance can be given that the performance of unrealized investments has not 
significantly changed from the date the performance reflected herein was determined. Investments In private equity are speculative and involve significant risks. An investor 
should only invest If the Investor can withstand a total loss of its Investment 
Deutsche Asset 
wealth Managerneni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109211 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255395 
EFTA01452288

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452289.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Certain risk factors 
In considering investment performance information contained in this presentation. prospective investors should bear in mind that past or projected performance is not necessarily indicative of future 
results and there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results or that any projected returns will be met Unless otherwise indicated, all internal rates of return are presented 
on a "gross" basis (i.e , they do not reflect the management fees, organizational expenses, carried interest, and other expenses to be borne by investors, which in the aggregate are expected to be 
substantial. and do not take into account potential defaults on unrealized investments). Actual realized value of currently unrealized investments will depend on. among other factors. future 
operating results. the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions and circumstances on which the current unrealized valuations are based. Accordingly. the actual realized values of unrealized irivestmerts may differ materially from the values 
indicated herein. 
Prospective Investors should be aware that an investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund involves a high degree of risk. In addition, because the Onshore Feeder Fund will hold an interest in the 
Fund. the Onshore Feeder Fund will be subject to all risks and conflicts inherent in such an investment. The following is a summary of only certain considerations and is qualified in its entirety by the 
more detailed 'Risk Factors' set forth in the Offering Memorandum and the "Risk Factors" set forth in in the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Fund. Capitalized terms used below 
not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Offering Memorandum, which must be read carefully prior to investing in the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
Investors will not have any rights, including any direct voting rights in the Fund, or the abilty to exercise any rights associated with the Onshore Feeder Fund's interest in the Fund or assert claims 
directly against the Fund. In addition. Investors investing in the Onshore Feeder Fund rather than directly through the Fund will be subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
No Assurance of Investment Return. There can be no assurance that the Fund's objectives will be achieved or that an Investor will receive any distribution from the Onshore Feeder Fund. An 
investment should only be considered by persons who can afford a loss of their entire investment. Past activities of investment entities sponsored by DE PE provide no assurance of future resuks. 
Leveraged Investments. Certain assets in which the Fund will invest are expected to employ significant leverage. The leveraged capital structure of such assets will increase their exposure to 
certain factors such as rising interest rates, downturns in the economy, or deterioration in the financial condition of such assets or industry. In the event an asset cannot generate adequate cash flow 
to meet its debt service, the Fund will suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in the asset. which would adversely affect the returns of the Fund and the Onshore Feeder Fund. The Onshore 
Feeder Fund and the Fund may also borrow funds.
No Market for Limited Partnership Interests and Restrictions on Transfer. Interests in the Onshore Feeder Fund have not been registered under the securities laws of any jurisdiction. and. 
therefore, cannot be sold unless they are subsequently registered under applicable securities laws or an exemption from registration is available. There is no public market for Interests in the 
Onshore Feeder Fund and one is not expected to develop. An Investor will generally not be permitted to assign, sell, exchange. or transfer its Interest in the Onshore Feeder Fund without the 
consent of the general partner of the Onshore Feeder Fund (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld). 
Failure to Make Payments. In the case of a private equity fund. an Investor fails to pay when due installments of its capital commitment or its portion of management fees. organizational expenses 
or other obligations to the Onshore Feeder Fund, such Investor will be subject to various remedies including, without limitation. preclusion from further investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund, 
reductions in its capital account balance, and a forced sale of its Interest in the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
Highly Competitive Market for Investment Opportunities. The activity of identifying, completing and realizing attractive investments is highly competitive and involves a high degree of 
uncertainty. There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to locate. consummate and exit investments that satisfy the Fund's rate of return objectives or realize upon their values or that it 
will be able to invest fully its committed capital. 
Reliance on the General Partner and the Manager. The success of the Fund's investment strategy will depend in part upon the skill and expertise of the professionals of the Fund's manager and 
general partners. The interests of these professionals in the general partners and the manager should tend to discourage them from withdrawing from participation in the Find's investment 
activities. However. there can be no assurance that such professionals will continue to be associated with the manager or general partners throughout the life of the Fund. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest relating to Deutsche Bank's Various Roles. As a diversified global financial services firm. Deutsche Bank and its affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, 
including commercial and investment banking. lending. principal investing. financial and merger and acquisition advisory services, underwriting, investment management activities, find 
administration, providing depositary bar* and custody services. sponsoring and managing private investment funds. brokerage, trustee. and similar activities on a world-wide basis. Deutsche Bank 
and its affiliates may engage in activities where their interests and the interests of their clients may conflict with the interests of the Onshore Feeder Find, its investors, the Fund, and/or portfolio 
companies held by the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth ManaJemnn€ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109212 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255396 
EFTA01452289

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452290.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Certain risk factors (cont'd) 
Material, Nonpublic Information. Certain employees of the general partners, the manager and/or their respective affiliates may acquire confidential or matenal nonpublic information or be 
restricted from initiating transactions in certain sectrities. Due to these restrictions. the Fund may not be able to initiate a transaction that it otherwise might have initiated and may not be able to sell 
an investment that it otherwise might have sold 
Performance risk. The Fund's investment strategy will be highly speculative and, as such, investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk. The performance of the Fund may not meet 
the Funds target return and there is no guarantee of any level of return or repayment of capital. 
Pooled Investments in Secondaries. In many cases, the Fund expects to have the opportunity to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" 
basis. Certain of the investment funds or direct investments in the portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to the manager than others. or may be more experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be possible 
for the Fund to carve out from such purchases those investments which it considers (for commercial, tax, legal or other reasons) less attractive. 
Complex Nature of Due Diligence and Valuation Process for Direct Secondaries. In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically provide liquidity to primary investors in 
private equity funds. and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due diligence on financial statements and periodic company updates originated by a common investment manager. 
By contrast, because many portfolios of direct investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private equity assets of a seller other than a common investment manager, many 
direct secondaries may lack the benefit of financial statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common investment manager. This may affect the ability of the Fund to 
conduct fundamental due diligence on the portfolio companes comprising such investment portfolios. 
Reliance on Management of Portfolio Companies. While it is the intent of the Fund to invest in funds with proven investment fund managers and companies with proven operating management in 
place, there can be no assurance that such management will continue to operate successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each underlying fund and investment it wil rely 
upon management to operate the funds and portfolio companies on a day-to-day basis. 
Valuation. Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying funds The valuation methodology and timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and 
therefore impact the valuation analysis of the Fund. 
Currency Risks. The Fund may make and realize investments in currencies other than the currency that it is denominated in and, as a result, the value of investments may go up or down solely as 
a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will incur costs in connection with conversions between various currencies. Investors should be aware that if their reference currency is a 
currency other than that of the Fund, their investment may be adversely affected by any reduction in the value of the Fund currency relative to their reference currency. They may also incur the 
further transaction costs of convening the Fund currency into another currency. Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Lack of Liquidity of the Fund's Investments. The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, will generally occur only upon the partial or complete disposition of an 
investment. Investments will generally be highly illiquid compared to other asset classes, and it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the investments made. 
Risks of Investing on a Secondary Basis In Real Estate and Real Estate-Related Assets. Secondary investments in funds that invest in real estate and real estate-related assets are subject to 
various risks, including adverse changes in national or international economic conditions, adverse local market conditions, the financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties. 
changes in the availability or terms of financing, changes in interest rates, exchange rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses, environmental laws and regulations, zoning laws and 
other governmental rules and fiscal policies, energy prices, changes in the relative popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to acquire properties. risks due to dependence 
on cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of certain construction materials, as well as acts of God, uninsurable losses. war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes or floods 
and other factors which are beyond the control of the investor. 
Availability of Investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business. The availability and price of investments are affected by competitors. many of whom have greater financial and 
strategic resources than the Fund. There is no guarantee that suitable investments will be available or will be successfully secured, or that they will meet the Fund's diversity requirements. In 
addition, the Fund may incur costs on unsuccessful transactions. 
Multiple levels of expense. The Fund and the underlying funds in which it invests impose management and/or administrative costs, expenses and performance allocations. This leads to greater 
expense to the Investors than if the Investor was able to invest directly in the underlying fund or company. 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Mana.)f.mnn€ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109213 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255397 
EFTA01452290

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452291.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Certain risk factors (cont'd) 
No established market for secondaries investments. No liquid market for secondaries investments exists or is expected to develop. There can be no assurance that the Fund will identify 
sufficient secondary investment opportunities on attractive terms. or at all. 
Contingent liabilities associated with Investment fund Interests acquired In secondary transactions. Distnbutions received by the seller from the relevant private equity fund may 
subsequently be recalled and the Fund. as purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are attributable, may be obliged to return such amount. There is no assurance that the Fund would 
subsequently be able to successfully claim such amount from the seller. 
Default Risk. lf an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the general partners of the Fund may delay, suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive payments from the Fund or the return of 
commitments to such defaulting Investor. 
A more thorough discussion of a number of the risks and potential conflicts of interest relating to an investment will be included in the Fund's offering memorandum. which will be made available to 
prospective qualified investors on request.
Volcker Rule. The Fund. the manager of the Fund and the general partners of the Fund are required to comply with the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. which 
amends multiple statutes including the Bank Holding Company Act. Within the Bank Holding Company Act there is the Volcker rule which imposes restnctions on covered funds (including the Fund) 
for which the implementing rules are yet to be finalized but are legally effective. Accordingly, the Fund, its advisors and Deutsche Bark (and affiliates) are to use good faith efforts to comply with the 
intention of this law The implication of this generates a number of uncertainties on which a prospective investor would need to form their own opinion. A critical component is the expectation that 
this will cause constraints on Deutsche Bank's ability to co-invest in the Fund. Accordingly, while the general partners and the manager of the Fund will endeavor to minimize the impact on the Fund 
and the assets held by the Fund. Deutsche Bark's interests in determining and implementing any resultant actions may. depending on the final Regulations, conflict with the interests of the Fund. 
and the Fund and the Investors may be adversely affected by such actions. If Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates are required to cancel its commitment or withdraw any investment in the Fund in 
whole or in part, the consent of the Fund or the limited partners will not be required. 
The foregoing is not an exhaustive discussion of the potential risks the Dodd-Frank Act and the Volcker Rule pose for Deutsche Bank. the Fund, Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management and the 
investors. The full impact of Dodd-Frank Act will not be ascertainable until Volcker Final Rules are published. Moreover, the Volcker Final Rules may impose unforeseen burdens on. and may result 
in significant changes in the activities of, the Fund. Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management and the other members of the Deutsche Bank Group. Each Investor should consult its own legal counsel 
to determine how it could be impacted by the various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Volcker Rule and other changes to U.S. and German banking laws 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth MaoaJn:.mnn€ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109214 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255398 
EFTA01452291

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452292.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Disclosure 
This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell. or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security or instrument in or to participate in any trading strategy with 
the Onshore Feeder Fund. If such offer is made, it will only be made by means of the Offering Memorandum as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, which would contain 
material information (including certain risks of investing in the Onshore Feeder Fund) not contained in this document and which would supersede and which would qualify in its entirety the 
information set forth in this document. My decision to invest in the Onshore Feeder Fund should be made after reviewing the Offering Memorandum of the Onshore Feeder Fund, conducting such 
investigations as the investor deems necessary and consulting the investor's ovm legal. accounting and tax advisors in order to make an independent determination of the suitability and 
consequences of an investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
This document contains highly confidential information regarding the Fund's investments, strategy and organization. You acceptance of this document constitutes your agreement to (i) keep 
confidential all the information contained in this document, as well as any information derived by you from the information contained in this document (collectively. 'Confidential Information') and not 
disclose any such Confidential Information to any other person and (ii) not use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to monitor or evaluate investments in the Onshore 
Feeder Fund. 
None of the Onshore Feeder Fund or its affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied. as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein and nothing 
contained herein should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to past or future performance of the Onshore Feeder Fund or any other entity. My prior investment results and any 
hypothetical information are presented in this document for illustrative purposes only and are not indicative of the future results of the Fuld or the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
Certain information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources outside DB PE. While such information is believed to be reliable for purposes used herein, no representations are 
made as to the accuracy or completeness thereof and none of the Fund or the Onshore Feeder Fund or their affiliates take any responsibility for such information. 
This presentation must be read in conjunction with the Offering Memorandum, including the Funds Confidential Private Placement Memorandum attached thereto. for a more complete discussion of 
the risks and conflicts of interests relating to an investment in the Onshore Feeder Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Wealth Maoa.)r:.mnn€ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109215 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255399 
EFTA01452292

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452293.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOF III - 1081 Southern Financial LLC 
Important performance information 
Performance information included in this document that does not relate to the DB Secondaries Funds or their underlying portfolio companies comes from publicly available sources external to 
Deutsche Bank. The manager of the Fund (the 'Manager) has taken reasonable care to ensure that such information has been correctly and properly extracted and is correctly and fairly 
reproduced and presented, but while such sources are believed to be reliable. such information has not been independently verified and the Manager does not assume any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of such information. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI, gross IRR, etc): Gross performance data reflects amounts net of the underlying investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses but before the 
DB Secondaries Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses.
Gross IRR: Calculated as a gross return at the DB Secondaries Funds' level net of the underlying investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is based on the 
actual timing of cash inflows and outflows for the funds' investments and the value of the remaining investments as of the most recent reported date including the fair value (positive or 
negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Gross multiple: Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by the DB Secondaries Funds. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, net IRR. etc): Net performance data reflects amounts net of the DB Secondaries Funds' expenses. fees and carried interest. 
Net IRR: Calculated based on the actual timing of cash inflows (capital contributions). outflows (cash and in specie distributions), and the ending partners' capital at the end of the period 
(residual value) of the investors' capital account at report date. The IRR is measured from the date of the first capital contribution through to the most recently available report date. 
Net multiple: Represents Total Value net of carried interest as a multiple of capital invested by the DB Secondaries Funds. 
Net Asset Value (-NWT Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of most recent report date (unless provided otherwise). In determining NAV, the Manager values the the DB Secondaries 
Funds' investments in good faith based on the reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information it considers relevant. including information provided by the fund 
managers and general partners of the underlying funds. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially from the value that would 
have been used had a ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term value of the investments may be lesser or greater than the valuation provided. The value includes 
unrealized appreciation, which may or may not be realized. The DB Secondaries Funds' NAV and performance results provided are based on the financial information reported as of latest reporting 
date (unless otherwise provided) by the GPslmanagers of the underlying fund investments and are adjusted for contributions, distnbutions, and subsequent events to the extent that they have. in 
the opinion of the Manager, an impact on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to their trading pnce at the report date.
Except where designated as -net". the returns and financial information contained herein are based on the gross returns of the relevant fund as at the indicated date. 
Total Value to Pald-In Capital CTVPI"): Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date relative to aggregate capital contributions, i.e. TVPI =DPI + RVPI. 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital ('DPI'): Represents aggregate distributions to investors relative to aggregate capital contributions to the DB Secondaries Funds. 
Residual Value to Paid-In Capital CRVPID: Represents the value of an investors' interest relative to aggregate capital contributions to the DB Secondaries Funds, net of the DB Secondaries 
Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
This information is presented for information purposed only. and is not representative of the actual returns received by an investor in DB SOF, DB SOF O, DB SOF II or the Fund. 
The information set forth in this presentation speaks oily as of the date indicated: it was not revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date indicated and is subject 
to change. Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may ultimately be received with respect of an investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that 
may occur or the appropriate assumptions to be applied. Information herein may include or be based upon certain "forward-looking statements.• These forward-looking statements include, but are 
not limited to. the plans. projections, objectives. expectations and intentions of the DB Secondaries Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not historical facts. 
These statements are based on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and changes in circumstances, many of which are beyond the control of the 
relevant fund and the Manager. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things, global, political, economic, business. competitive. 
market and regulatory factors. 
Investors should note that approximately 37% of DB SOF ($205.3m) is a portfolio of late stage private equity fund interests acquired from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates at a 16.6% discount to 
NAV. This portfolio was purchased on an arms length basis. Neither DB SOF II or SOF III are expected to acquire late stage private equity fund interests from Deutsche Bank or its affiliates in the 
same manner as DB SOF. DB SOF D is a top-up fund raised in 2010 to underwrite pari-passu the Da Vinci transaction with DB SOF. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of DB SOF, DB SOF D, DB SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track 
record of the DB Secondaries team. 016813 121813 
1.)eutscrie Asset 
Wealth Mana.)emnn€ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109216 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255400 
EFTA01452293

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452294.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
1/23/2014 1:17:54 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: Trade Report 1/17/14 ICI 
Attachments: pic04337.gif; pic03794.gif; Asset Movement Form.pdf; pic19699.gif; pic06189.O 
Classification: confidential 
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic04337.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1 
Fax +1 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03794.gif) 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 01/23/2014 01:17 PM 
From: 
vahe stepanian/db/dbcom 
To: 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
01/23/2014 10:35 AM 
Subject: 
Fw: Trade Report 1/17/14 [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Harry, 
Please find attached LOA to wire funds to DB London for Jeffrey's CAD trade 
executed last week. Note that the amount on the LOA matches the premium amount 
Tazia references in her email below. 
I will follow up shortly with a call to discuss further. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
(see attached file: Asset movement Form.pdf) 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 01/23/2014 10:21 AM 
From: 
Tazia smith/db/dbcom 
To: 
J <jeevacationegmail.comADEUBAINT, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109217 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255401 
EFTA01452294

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452295.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: 
vahe Stepanian/db 
, Paul Morris, vinit Sahni/db/ 
, Nav Gupta/db
, 
Date: 
01/17/2014 12:05 PM 
Subject: 
Trade Report 1/17/14 [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
Today you bought a USDCAD 1.10/1.13, 1.17 knock-in call spread at 1.1% on 
$10mm USD notional (5109,995 premium paid). Complete details below. 
Speak with you soon, 
Tazia 
TradeType 
EUR 
CP 
call 
BuySell 
Client Buys 
Currencyl 
USD 
Notionall 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDat Mon 21 April 2014 
e 
FixingReferen SPOT 
ce 
Premium 
147,945 
PremiumTerms USD 
PremiumDate 
Tue 21 January 2014 
DatabaselD 
TradeType 
RKI 
BuySell 
client sells 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
-10,000,000 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109218 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255402 
EFTA01452295

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452296.pdf
----------------------------------------
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
11,300,000 
Strike 
1.13 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
settlementDat Mon 21 April 2014 
e 
Barrier 
1.17 
FixingReferen SPOT 
ce 
Premium 
37,950 
PremiumTerms USD 
PremiumDate 
-rue 21 January 2014 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19699.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New Y r 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06189.gif) 
From: 
J <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERIcAs, 
Date: 
01/17/2014 11:48 AM 
Subject: 
Re: Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI call spread - 1.10 with a 1.13 sold call knocking-in 
only if uSDCAD trades to 1.17 (I] 
Ok 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jan 17, 2014, at 12:32 PM, Tazia Smith 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
10mm notional? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109219 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255403 
EFTA01452296

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452297.pdf
----------------------------------------
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
TO: 
Tazia Smith 
Date: 01/17/2014 11:15 AM 
Subje Re: Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Call Spread - 1.10 with a 1.13 
ct: 
sold call knocking-in only if USDCAD trades to 1.17 [I] 
i like it 
.. size 7 
On Fri, Jan 17, 2014 at 11:48 AM, Tazia Smith 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
our us FX traders agree/like mav's call here. The 3-month 1.10/1.13 
USDCAD, 1.17 knock-in call spread (where that 1.13 short call only 
exists if USDCAD goes to 1.17 during the life of the trade) described 
below is currently offered —1.1% (source: DB Fx sales, 1/17/14). Please 
see the investment thesis below and let us know your thoughts. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Indicative levels only. Subject to market movement. Source: DB Key 
Client Partners London, as of 1/17/14. 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 01/17/2014 10:35 AM 
From: Nay Gupta 
To: 
Date: 01/17/2014 07:35 AM 
Subjec I like buying USDCAD calls to position for further weakness in CAD. 
t: 
Spot FX is currently 1.095. [I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109220 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255404 
EFTA01452297

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452298.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal use only 
I like USDCAD call options to position for further weakness in CAD. Spot 
FX is currently 1.095. 
over the course of the past week the interest rate curve has started 
pricing in a small amount of rate cuts - this development is significant 
and clearly a beginning of a pain trade. I believe it can go further. 
Lower CAD rates from here will drive usD CAD higher. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
The limited downside play I like best in usDcAD is buying a 3month 
expiry 1.10 / 1.13 call spread on USDCAD but where the short 1.13 call 
position only exists (knocks-in) if USD trades at 1.17 trades in the 
market before the option expires, otherwise the option payoff is the 
same as a 1.10 call option. 
It costs 1% of USD notional. I believe the buyer is well compensated for 
the knock-in component. 
If USDCAD rises to 1.15 the option payout is S big figures. If 1.17 
trades before expiry the payout is limited to 3 big figures. 
Max loss is premium paid. 
We can price other structures to fit the risk tolerance (higher or 
lower) of clients - let us know 
Key Macro Highlights 
The economy clearly lags the us. Dec13 unemployment 
unexpectedly rose last Friday to 7.2% 
south of the border demand for USDCAD is declining as the us 
heads towards energy independence 
Low inflation and weak exports are likely to preclude any rate 
hikes in 2014 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Best, 
Nay 
onime-attachment.gif> 
Nam Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
105/108 Old Broad St (Pinners Hall), EC2N lEN London, united Kingdom 
Tel. 
Mobil 
Email 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the neAwm Key client 
Partners ("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not 
create any legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG 
and / or its affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of 
the intended recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not 
provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional 
investors (as defined by MiFID), who understand the strategy, 
characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and 
will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas 
shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109221 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255405 
EFTA01452298

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452299.pdf
----------------------------------------
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If 
you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in 
error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
1.44****1.944.4.*AtrkicieltrAttrkitieltut**Veittr*truted***ktetetifftettitte044*******Iti 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments, copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109222 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255406 
EFTA01452299

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452300.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109225 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255409 
EFTA01452300

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452301.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private Wealth Management 
Authorization for Asset Movement 
For Non-Retirement Accounts 
the undersoned hereby authorizes and directs Deutsche Bank Alec Brown rDeutsche Bank Alex. Blown' or "DRAB" to follow the below asset movement instructions 
if you with to rawest miatipte wires. Checks. journals or free deliveries. please 1.41C the long form. 
DBAB Account Name Southern Financial LLC 
Account a 
Wiro 
a %safe federal fund. :n rho anx).:111 
$ 109.995.00 
To Bank Name. Deutsche Bank Trust Co. Americas 
City / State. 
New York. NY 
ABA a. 
Further credit to Intermediary Financial Institution (Optional) 
Account N 
Ana 
Ultimate Beneeciay Informarbon: 
Benstiosry Nate  Deutsche Bank AG. London IDEUTGB2L) 
Accent Ni 
Ackhicria Instructions 
Check 
I:.ZUtt a check in the anioant of 
eupientS Name 
shot* to 
Peopient s Staling Atkfrees  
Journal 
D Journal Funds n the amount of S 
D Journal holdngs 
O:y/Symbol/Security.  
Oly/SyrnticUSecunly.  
Journal MI Holdings 
To DRAB Account 1:  
Account Name. 
Roe Dethrones 
Please deliver the securities indicated below to. 
MCC*.  
Name of Receiving Firm.  
Account Name 
Account Number.  
 al Receiving Firm 
Ow/Symbol/Security.  
Oly/Symbol/Securily.  
Standing Authodzigicri 
D the undersigned hereby requests that this authorization act as a standing authorization. The undersigned understands and agrees that this authorization will 
remain in effect until Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown requests a new authcrizategn the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank Alec Brown to issue the wire. 
check or 'wirier on the 
day of 
for a term of 
a The undersigned further authorizes Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown to accept verbal instructions from the undersigned to one funds. issue checks or journal 
funds 'oleo(?) the AbOve braed actOunts the undersigned will provide verbal instructions AS to the date and the amount of the wet check or panel If the 
undersigned decides IO vary either the date or the amount of the wire. cher.* or journal. the undersigned hereby authorizes Deutsche Bank Alex Brown to 
accept the verbal nstrucuons Iron the undersigned regarding the change or changes. The undersigned further understands and agrees to comply with the 
procedures of Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown to verify the authoritation and accuracy of verbal instructions 
The undersigned hereby act novAedges that el the information contained in this form is complete and accurate to the best knowledge of the undersigned. and Oil the 
undersigned 0 responsible for the method of 'commission of any instructions issued pursuant to this authorization. If the undersigned elects to transmit any such 
instructions via lax (including desktop fad via email or as an image attachment to email fe 9.. as a PDF. Tie of other iintge of such indructions). the undersigned 
understands arid agrees that the undersigned beers the risk of loss arising from such method of transmission in the event of transmission errors. misunderstandings. 
impersonations. trans/nisi:son by unauthorized persons. forgery or intercepts. lex trusts or other entities. the undersigned further acknowledges that the undersigned is 
authorized to issue the above asset nsovernent instructions under the terms of the governing documents and any applicable laws. the undersigned hereby releases and 
holds harmless Deutsche Bank Alex. Blown from and against loss florn any action, claim or demand of any person as a result of Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown's receipt of 
or compliance with this authorization ander any instructions that may be given to Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown pursuant to this authorization lincluding any standing 
autnonealioni. 
the undersigned understands that Deutsche Bank Alex Brown may. but is nor required to seek verification of the undersigned's instructions by call back and that 
Deutsche Bank Alex Brown may in its sole discretion refute to execute such instructions (including standing instructions) given pursuant to this authavation. without 
incurring any liability, if Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown has mason to believe such instructions (or mending metronome have not been provided by the undersigned. The 
undersigned further understands that Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown retains the right to refuse to execute any instructions to transfer funds or securities to any accoungs) 
pursuant to this authorization without written instructions bearing original sureties) of the undersigned. 
Signature 
Signature 
Print Name 
Date 
Print Name 
Date 
III I III 
I III III 
LOA 
lOPWPA-0177S O2/10) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109226 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255410 
EFTA01452301

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452302.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109228 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255412 
EFTA01452302

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452303.pdf
----------------------------------------
an 
SOUTHERN FINANC 
Request 182298 
As of 23 Jan 14 
riT 
Jan 2014 
Page 
Of 2 
Deutsche BankAG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
FX • Options 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not. Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
36636443 
SOUTHERN 
FA OPTION 
214W.2013 
20.11ov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1.003.033.00) 
USD 
101.030900 
SY 
SHORT 
ELROPEAN 
CALL 
101.0003 
:5.,2il Cm 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXCPTION 
21490/.2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.031 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0000 
133 47 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366354436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nw.2013 
20-Nw•2014 
25-Nw•2014 
121,0001291 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
564 89 
710423463 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
214W-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
121.000 001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
9.14861 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10930t039)) 
USD 
11900900.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
(215.899.e
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
3778178951 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr•2014 
21•Apr•2014 
(10930,053.03) 
USD 
11.300900.03 
CAD 
SHDRT 
EUROPEAN 
CAU. 
1.1303 
77.43990 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, U.0 
Subtotal: 
(156 ii8e ?...1: 
Total' 
156.859 8'.?J 
Statement ID: 182298_20140123_20140124_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109231 
SDNY_GM_00255415 
EFTA01452303

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452304.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT it 
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
1/24/2014 2:32:23 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140124 
RM CODE 
81851 
01/23/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
727,305.01 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
240,323.49 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
102,843.53 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
D 
.00 
NES, LLC 
D 
129,757.75 
MORT, INC 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,910,940.16 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE M 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
M 
.00 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,204.70 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
RM CODE 
81851 
01/23/14 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
NES, LLC 
100,000.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109233 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255417 
EFTA01452304

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452305.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you. 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Weahh Investment Coverage 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109235 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255419 
EFTA01452305

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452306.pdf
----------------------------------------
vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Wealth Investment Coverage 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154-0004 
Tel 
Fax 
Mobil 
Email 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
fr***************************AhAfekk*Astrf***************Ok**** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109237 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255421 
EFTA01452306

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452307.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Shivani Kacholia 
Sent: 
1/24/2014 2:54:53 PM 
To: 
; Paul Morris 
CC: 
Manish-m Gupta 
j; PWM AOG 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: New Barillingccot..
AWyrul st acc 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
The account has been opened. 
Please let me know if any changes required. 
Thanks & Regards, 
shivani Kacholia 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Private Banking 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra world city 
SEZ,302029 Jaipur, India 
; Amanda Kirby 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109239 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255423 
EFTA01452307

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452308.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASHM LN G8p 
335.00 
a... At 4:06 d 
Vol 417,585 
Htl LI I Ecpiit 
01/11/2013 
1") 
L3'34.30 / 334.90 L 
H 338.90 L 
L 332.60 L 
Table 
41.! locrIO, 
203 x1247 
Prey 344.00 
Line
"Mall 
Volume 
-9.00 
."--••• 
335.40L 
151 save Pa 
ACtIONS
01/24/2014 UMW 
to 
Line 
1M 
W 
Y1:: 
1, 
S, 
Hs. 
oalls• 
ETC
11)Cornpate 
CI Last Price 
335.00 
High on 05/17/13 433.00 
Average 
376.173 
- 1. Low on 07/05/13 323.90 
I 
320 
iiiiitAiiildilitliallifilla filikialitillgilifehilblitit;;;
armiliiiiiiditlitaishimidimeallarguid.Llidelbililk 
I
:an 
Feb 
Mar 
1.1.,C 
Ma/ 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Seg. 
%ov 
Dec 
2013 
Australia 61 2 9777 8600 Brazil 5511 3048 4500 Europe 44 20 7330 7500 Germany 49 69 9204 1210 Hong Kong 852 2977 6000 
Japan 81 3 3201 8900 
Singapore 65 6212 1000 
U.S. 1 212 318 2000 
Copyright 2014 Bloomberg Fincnce L.P. 
SH 812823 EST 
GMT-5,00 H471-3637-0 24-Jon-2014 04,26,41 
if• Volume 
0.418M 
I
SWAG (15) 1.10M 
Jan 
20:4 
My proposed Ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners FKCP") London desk for discussion purposes only. and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and or its affiiates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail 
only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients aro Professional investors (as defined by MiFID), into understand the 
strategy. characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. MI trades on proposed ideas shall be 
subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
Panion,* Pe-fret 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received 
this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or 
distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
***sss***sss***sss***sss***sss***sss***sss***sss***sss**eis 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109241 
SDNY_GM_00255425 
EFTA01452308

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452309.pdf
----------------------------------------
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109242 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255426 
EFTA01452309

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452310.pdf
----------------------------------------
<mime.gif> 
My proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners (KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only. and 
do nod create any legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its affiliates ('DBE. These ideas are for the 
consideration of the intended recipients of this mad only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients 
are Professional investors (as defined by MiFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed 
herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals prier to 
execution. 
<dcmime0 I .secure 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged intonation. If you are not the intended recipient (or 
have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109244 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255428 
EFTA01452310

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452311.pdf
----------------------------------------
in the future and for all time i need dollar amounts not percentages. does not tell me much, I see no reason not 
to take loss and get in at better level.s. TAKE QUICK LOSSES is and will alwyas me my direction 
On Fri, Jan 24, 2014 at 6:25 AM, Vinit Sahni 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - quick update, market is long and hurting here. EM driving a risk off move here. Positioning is 
very skewed here and there is pain on the street in Credit, Equities, Rates and FX. Itraxx main has 
moved 8bps today from the tights (73 to 81) and liquidity has dried up in credit spreads !!! 
1) think MXN bonos still best EM risk there, however correlations in EM are moving up. Chart of 
Ashmore stock below reflects sentiment in EM (probably one of the best EM funds out there). The 
MXN bond as moved about 10bps in yield and all EM ccys breaking out, driven by Turkey, USDMXN 
about 3% weaker since we traded. Net Net we are down around 3.5-4%, as the around 3% on ccy 
and 1% on bond (using last nights bond prices) 
2) Depending on how much risk u have in EM, we need to look at how we want to trade this. If ure 
exposure to EM v low, we can hang in and take some pain as it will be volatile. Market is unwinding 
leverage, $/JPY much lower, EM ccys wider, financials weaker, Nikkei lower, credit spreads wider all 
etc. The potential China trust product default end of month spooking people here. 
3) In EM space Turkey is leading this move - potential mis-steps from the central bank risks leaving it 
with too few USD reserves. 
The contagion channel to other markets is investors who see TRY/BRL/ZAR cheapening and sell 
their broader EM holdings into DM as we saw yesterday. Until yesterday EM was weakening in a 
vacuum. It seems to me that right now Turkey is the epi-center of the EM storm. Ukraine, Argentina 
and China (ICBC trust default Jan31) all add event risk. 
<mime.git> 
My proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners FKCP-) London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deitsche Bank AG and r or its abates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail 
only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiFID), who understand the 
strategy. characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be 
subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
<tkmi me° I . secure> 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received 
this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or 
distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu disclosures.htm for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109246 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255430 
EFTA01452311

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452312.pdf
----------------------------------------
*********************************** 
************************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation@amail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109247 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255431 
EFTA01452312

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452313.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Fri, Jan 24, 2014 at 6:25 AM, Vinit Sahni a 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - quick update, market is long and hurting here. EM driving a 
risk off move here. Positioning is very skewed here and there is pain 
on the street in Credit, Equities, Rates and FX. Itraxx main has moved 
8bps today from the tights (73 to 81) and liquidity has dried up in 
credit spreads !!! 
1) think MXN bonos still best EM risk there, however correlations in 
EM are moving up. Chart of Ashmore stock below reflects sentiment in 
EM (probably one of the best EM funds out there). The MXN bond as 
moved about 10bps in yield and all EM ccys breaking out, driven by 
Turkey, uSDMXN about 3% weaker since we traded. Net Net we are down 
around 3.5-4%, as the around 3% on ccy and 1% on bond (using last 
nights bond prices) 
2) Depending on how much risk u have in EM, we need to look at how we 
want to trade this. If ure exposure to EM v low, we can hang in and 
take some pain as it will be volatile. Market is unwinding leverage, 
4/3PY much lower, EM ccys wider, financials weaker, Nikkei lower, 
credit spreads wider all etc. The potential China trust product 
default end of month spooking people here. 
3) In EM space Turkey is leading this move - potential mis-steps from 
the central bank risks leaving it with too few USD reserves. 
The contagion channel to other markets is investors who see 
TRY/BRL/ZAR cheapening and sell their broader EM holdings into OM as 
we saw yesterday. until yesterday EM was weakening in a vacuum. It 
seems to me that right now Turkey is the epi-center of the EM storm. 
Ukraine, Argentina and China (ICBC trust default Jan31) all add event 
risk. 
<mime.gif> 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAwm Key Client 
Partners ("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not 
create any legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG 
and / or its affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration 
of the intended recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does 
not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are 
Professional investors (as defined by MiFID), who understand the 
strategy, characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed 
herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on 
proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals 
prior to execution. 
<tkmime01.secure> 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If 
you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in 
error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. 
Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material 
in this e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
VeSte**********Sfehlt***Sfeffit*********************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109249 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255433 
EFTA01452313

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452314.pdf
----------------------------------------
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109250 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255434 
EFTA01452314

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452315.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109252 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255436 
EFTA01452315

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452316.pdf
----------------------------------------
From. 
Vinit Sahni/db 
To. 
"Jeffrey Epstein cieevacation.gmairconvi. 
Cc: 
Paul Morriskibi
. Tazia SmiltVdei 
Date: 
01/24/2014 03:18 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey - quick update on Mexico and markets 
Sure was last when I was in the office down about I50k. 
Tazia - can u pls help Jeffrey I am at a dinner nowhere close to any screens. Can u get an update where the 
market is now. 
Vinit 
On 24 Jan 2014, at 20:01, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
in the future and for all time i need dollar amounts not percentages. does not tell me much, I see no reason not 
to take loss and get in at better level.s. TAKE QUICK LOSSES is and will alwyas me my direction 
On Fri, Jan 24, 2014 at 6:25 AM, Vinit Sahni •(
> wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - quick update, market is long and hurting here. EM driving a risk off move here. Positioning is 
very skewed here and there is pain on the street in Credit, Equities, Rates and FX. ltraxx main has 
moved 8bps today from the tights (73 to 81) and liquidity has dried up in credit spreads !!! 
1) think MXN bonos still best EM risk there, however correlations in EM are moving up. Chart of 
Ashmore stock below reflects sentiment in EM (probably one of the best EM funds out there). The 
MXN bond as moved about 10bps in yield and all EM ccys breaking out, driven by Turkey, USDMXN 
about 3% weaker since we traded. Net Net we are down around 3.5-4%, as the around 3% on ccy 
and 1% on bond (using last nights bond prices) 
2) Depending on how much risk u have in EM, we need to look at how we want to trade this. If ure 
exposure to EM v low, we can hang in and take some pain as it will be volatile. Market is unwinding 
leverage, $/JPY much lower, EM ccys wider, financials weaker, Nikkei lower, credit spreads wider all 
etc. The potential China trust product default end of month spooking people here. 
3) In EM space Turkey is leading this move - potential mis-steps from the central bank risks leaving it 
with too few USD reserves. 
The contagion channel to other markets is investors who see TRY/BRLJZAR cheapening and sell 
their broader EM holdings into DM as we saw yesterday. Until yesterday EM was weakening in a 
vacuum. It seems to me that right now Turkey is the epi-center of the EM storm. Ukraine, Argentina 
and China (ICBC trust default Jan31) all add event risk. 
<mime.gif> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109254 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255438 
EFTA01452316

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452317.pdf
----------------------------------------
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners rKCI,r) London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and r or its affliatos coal. These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail 
only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiFID), who understand the 
strategy. characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be 
subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
<fionime01.secure> 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received 
this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mall. My unauthorized copying, disclosure or 
distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to httn://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures.
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109255 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255439 
EFTA01452317

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452318.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
"Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacationOgmail.com>, 
Cc: 
Paul Morr.i 
Tazia Smith■ 
Date: 
01/24/2014 03:18 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey - quick update on Mexico and markets 
Sure was last when I was in the office down about 150k. 
Tazia - can u pls help Jeffrey I am at a dinner nowhere close to any screens. 
Can u get an update where the market is now. 
vinit 
on 24 Jan 2014, at 20:01, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
in the future and for all time i need dollar amounts not percentages. 
does not tell me much, I see no reason not to take loss and get in at 
better level.s. 
TAKE QUICK LOSSES is and will alwyas me my direction 
On Fri, Jan 24, 2014 at 6:25 AM, Vinit Sahni 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - quick update, market is long and hurting here. EM driving a 
risk off move here. Positioning is very skewed here and there is pain 
on the street in Credit, Equities, Rates and Fx. Itraxx main has moved 
8bps today from the tights (73 to 81) and liquidity has dried up in 
credit spreads !!! 
1) think MXN bonos still best EM risk there, however correlations in 
EM are moving up. Chart of Ashmore stock below reflects sentiment in 
EM (probably one of the best EM funds out there). The MXN bond as 
moved about 10bps in yield and all EM ccys breaking out, driven by 
Turkey, USDMXN about 3% weaker since we traded. Net Net we are down 
around 3.5-4%, as the around 3% on ccy and 1% on bond (using last 
nights bond prices) 
2) Depending on how much risk u have in EM, we need to look at how we 
want to trade this. If ure exposure to EM v low, we can hang in and 
take some pain as it will be volatile. Market is unwinding leverage, 
S/3PY much lower, EM ccys wider, financials weaker, Nikkei lower, 
credit spreads wider all etc. The potential china trust product 
default end of month spooking people here. 
3) In EM space Turkey is leading this move - potential mis-steps from 
the central bank risks leaving it with too few USD reserves. 
The contagion channel to other markets is investors who see 
TRY/BRL/ZAR cheapening and sell their broader EM holdings into DM as 
we saw yesterday. until yesterday EM was weakening in a vacuum. It 
seems to me that right now Turkey is the epi-center of the EM storm. 
Ukraine, Argentina and China (IcBc trust default Jan31) all add event 
risk. 
<mime.gif> 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client 
Partners ("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not 
create any legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG 
and / or its affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration 
of the intended recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109257 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255441 
EFTA01452318

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452319.pdf
----------------------------------------
not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are 
Professional investors (as defined by miEID), who understand the 
strategy, characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed 
herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on 
proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals 
prior to execution. 
<tkmime01.secure> 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If 
you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in 
error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. 
Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material 
in this e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
fricir***********************************IckAA***fektrAkit*hkii**** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109258 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255442 
EFTA01452319

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452320.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109259 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255443 
EFTA01452320

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452321.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109260 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255444 
EFTA01452321

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452322.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
1/25/2014 2:32:18 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140125 
RM CODE 
81851 
01/24/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
952,305.01 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
235,314.74 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
102,843.53 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
D 
.00 
NES, LLC 
D 
129,757.75 
MORT, INC 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,910,940.16 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE M 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
M 
.00 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,204.70 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109261 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255445 
EFTA01452322

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452323.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
1/25/2014 12:08:25 PM 
To: 
Chip Packard 
Subject: 
Re: Dario US visit II) 
classification: For internal use only 
ves I'll work on a list, I was thinking about having him visit epstein and a 
couple of his clients in paris over next few weeks 
 original message  
From: chip Packard 
sent: 01/25/2014 09:58 AM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Dario US visit [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
He's in NY march 9 and 10. Anyone we should schedule a meeting with? 
Chip Packard 
Managing Di rector 
Co-Head, wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Asset and wealth Management 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109262 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255446 
EFTA01452323

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452324.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Chip Packard 
Sent: 
1/25/2014 12:19:09 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Dario US visit III 
classification: For internal use only 
Great idea 
Chip Packard 
managing Director 
co-Head, wealth management Americas 
Deutsche Asset and Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 Original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 01/25/2014 12:08 PM EST 
To: Chip Packard 
Subject: Re: Dario US visit [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Yes I'll work on a list, I was thinking about having him visit epstein and a 
couple of his clients in paris over next few weeks 
 Original Message  
From: Chip Packard 
Sent: 01/25/2014 09:58 AM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
subject: Dario us visit [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
He's in NY march 9 and 10. Anyone we should schedule a meeting with? 
Chip Packard 
Managing Director 
co-Head, wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Asset and Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109263 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255447 
EFTA01452324

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452325.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
;  
To: 
; Amanda Kirby ( 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cothron
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith l 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC as at 24 Jan 2014 • Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140124_20140127_1.pdf; 182298_20140124_20140127_1.csv 
Valuations System 
1/27/2014 5:23:00 AM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140124_20140127_1 
52682122 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109264 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255448 
EFTA01452325

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452326.pdf
----------------------------------------
std 
e an 
SOUTHERN FINANC 
Request 182298 
As of 24 Jan 14 
Jan 2014 
Page 
Of 2 
Nur, 
Bank AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
FX • Options 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
Not.Amt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Not. Ccy 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(LISO) 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
214W-2013 
204Iov.2014 
2541ov.2014 
(7.009093.00) 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Notra13 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.1901 
USD 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
2141w-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
121,000 CO) 
USD 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
214W-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
121000 C01 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10,030,C030)) 
USD 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jen-2014 
11•Apr•2014 
21•Apr•2014 
(10,000,000.00) 
USD 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
101.030.000 
11,000,000.00 
11.300,000,03 
SY 
JPY 
JPY 
JPY 
CAD 
CAD 
SHORT 
LONG 
LONG 
LONG 
SHORT 
SHORT 
ELRCFEAN 
ELROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
CALL 
CAU. 
101.0003 
0.000D 
0.0000 
0.0000 
1.1000 
1.1300 
361 20 
627 61 
1103469 
(191.923.18) 
68.701 46 
Subtotal: 
(128 945 10;: 
Statement ID : 182298_20140124_20140127_1 
Total-
;128.945.16: 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109266 
SDNY_GM_00255450 
EFTA01452326

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452327.pdf
----------------------------------------
an 
SOUTHERN FINANC 
Request 182298 
As of 27 Jan 14 
Jan 2014 
Page 
Of 2 
Deubdip Bank AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
FX • Options 
Settlement 
Not. Ccy 
Not. Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
Not.Amt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
F% OPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
20.Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1.000.0:0.00) 
USD 
101.000.000 
sr 
SHORT 
ELROFEAN 
CALL 
101.0003 
(44.55278) 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364435/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Notr-2313 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.003001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.00W 
330 28 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366354436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
214R-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
121,000.3X) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
621 62 
710423463 
EINANCIAL,LIC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Noe-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
121.000 MI 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1104871 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
377617895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.030.093.00) 
USD 
11,000000.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
08314364j 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
3778178951 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jen-2014 
11•Apr•2014 
21•Apr•2014 
(10020,000A 
USD 
11.300,00003 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CAU. 
1.1303 
83,44630 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
Subtotal: 
(126 255 51: 
Total-
126.25551:
Statement ID: 182298_20140127_20140128_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109271 
SDNY_GM_00255455 
EFTA01452327

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452328.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
1/28/2014 2:32:36 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140128 
RM CODE 
81851 
01/27/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
949,119.26 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
232,618.74 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
100,433.38 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
D 
.00 
NES, LLC 
D 
126,910.92 
MORT, INC 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,910,940.16 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE M 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
M 
.00 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,204.70 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109273 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255457 
EFTA01452328

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452329.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: 
1/28/2014 12:27:48 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
I; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Depressed options volatility makes 'Renmimbi weaker' hedges very cheap I KCP Capital Markets III 
sorry, questions about what do you think about china , are silly„„„„, lets pick a trade , have some back up and 
move. 1 am a trader / investor not as atrologist 
On Tue, Jan 28, 2014 at 12:24 PM, Tazia Smith < 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - 
> wrote: 
Curious for your view on China. We're concerned about the defense of China's stability (even by our 
own Global Markets Research analyst, Jun Ma). China may be re-rating for longer-term stability as 
an 'emerged' market, but that our DB GEM Equity Strategist, Jean-Paul Smith, and his team may 
have the downside risk right in the nearer-term. 
Bulls point to estimates that the AUM in the trust sector only totalling Rmb 10.1 trillion (arguably too 
low), and that 93% of AuM in trust products could be "backed" (38% by central government, 34% by 
local governments, and 21% by large financial groups ). But Bears highlight that (a) bailouts by 
authorities won't be a sustainable solution to increasingly regular defaults, (b) they suggest the 
inherent moral hazard problem that will perpetuate high-risk borrowers leveraging the shadow 
banking system (vs. the proposed quotad bond market issuance and bank securitization channels 
that the government intends to promote to increase transparency and liquidity), and, (c) bears also 
point out that local authorities, supposedly on hand to intervene in troubled loans, are themselves 
highly indebted (currently account for the highest proportion of credit in China, and news flow of local 
government/ LGFV debt rollovers is becoming all too common - according to DB GEM Equity 
Strategists, 1/28/14). 
As Nav points out below, there is a crowded long China trade with leverage, financed by selling 
options. Calls on USDCNH present a convex payoff caused by investors selling too many options - 
timeframe on a move is uncertain which is why he picked 1y (2y options are not very liquid). 
Please see below, let us know your thoughts. 
Best Regards, 
Tazia 
--- Forwarded by Tazo SmithClbf 
on 01128,2014 11 58 AM ---
From. 
Nav Gupta/cid 
To: 
Date: 
01/2812014 09:44 AM 
Subject. 
Depressed options volatility makes 'Renrnimbi weaker' hedges very cheap 
KCP Capital Markets [II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109274 
SDNY_GM_00255458 
EFTA01452329

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452330.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners • US 
Deutsche Bar* Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8. Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel 
Fa 
Email 
Pavirio-pciv- lie,eibott 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109278 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255462 
EFTA01452330

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452331.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
1/28/2014 12:40:19 PM 
To: 
jeffrey epstein ljeevacation@gmail.coml; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Depressed options volatility makes 'Renmimbi weaker' hedges very cheap I KCP Capital Markets IC) 
Classification: Confidential 
Understood. Jeffrey. long USDCNH calls was the trade. taking the other side of a crowded long/overvalued CNY and inexpensive 
entry: 
I) 
Bin a ly expiry. 6.2 / 6.7 strike USDCNH call spread. Premium (offer) -4).431% of USD notional. Spot breakeven 6.226 
2) 
Buy a ly expiry. 6.3 / 6.8 strike USDCNH call spread. Premium (offer) -0.30% of USD notional. Spot breakeven 6.318 
USD 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities. Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein ficevacation4gmail.coml 
Sent: 01/28/2014 12:27 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Depressed options volmilin makes 'Rerunimbi weaker hedges very cheap I KCP Capital Markets III 
sorry, questions about what do you think about china , are silly 
 lets pick a trade , have some back up and 
move. I am a trader / investor not as atrologist 
On Tue, Jan 28, 2014 at 12:24 PM, Tazia Smith < 
> wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - 
Curious for your view on China. We're concerned about the defense of China's stability (even by our 
own Global Markets Research analyst, Jun Ma). China may be re-rating for longer-term stability as 
an 'emerged' market, but that our DB GEM Equity Strategist, Jean-Paul Smith, and his team may 
have the downside risk right in the nearer-term. 
Bulls point to estimates that the AUM in the trust sector only totalling Rmb 10.1 trillion (arguably too 
low), and that 93% of AuM in trust products could be "backed" (38% by central government, 34% by 
local governments, and 21% by large financial groups ). But Bears highlight that (a) bailouts by 
authorities won't be a sustainable solution to increasingly regular defaults, (b) they suggest the 
inherent moral hazard problem that will perpetuate high-risk borrowers leveraging the shadow 
banking system (vs. the proposed quotad bond market issuance and bank securitization channels 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109279 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255463 
EFTA01452331

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452332.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
'nth pcmthsion of Bloomberg Finamc 
• 
PBoC has significantly tightened money market rates to curb shadow banking and asset 
speculation 
Shanghai interbank offered rate fixing -1 month 
perm halm of nloomberg Financc I P 
• 
The recent headlines on bad loans in China's shadow banking industry have raised concerns 
of a systemic event 
China's trust industry has relatively high risk shadow banking products given the liquidity risks. 
These products have seen rapid growth since 2010, reaching Rmb1O.1 to as of 3Q13 with a 2010-
3Q13 CAGR of 55%. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109281 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255465 
EFTA01452332

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452333.pdf
----------------------------------------
Asian corporates have sold a significant quantity of options (to enhance returns) depressing implied 
volatility 
IF USDCNH starts to retrace higher, option sellers will short cover options they have 
-ictl with permission cif Bitionttcrtt Emmy LP 
KCP Capital Markets 
Vinit Sahni I Nav Gupta I Vanshree Verma 
Nav Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG. Male London 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
109108 Old &oad St Pinners Hall). EC2N 1EN London. United Kingdom 
Tel. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109282 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255466 
EFTA01452333

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452334.pdf
----------------------------------------
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109284 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255468 
EFTA01452334

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452335.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul .
1s
) 
Sent: 
1/28/2014 1:02:52 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: Depressed options volatility makes 'Renmimbi weaker' hedges very cheap I KCP Capital Markets [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Classification: For internal use only 
don't be, these are very complicated situations and you have good intel and instincts, will stay focused on the trades 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Offic 
Cell 
From; 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacationegmaileom,
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DSAMERICAS, 
Date; 
01/28/2014 12:28 PM 
Subject 
Re: Depressed options volatility makes 'Renmimbi weaker hedges very cheap I KCP Capital Markets [Ij 
sorry, questions about what do you think about china , are silly 
 lets pick a trade , have some back up and 
move. I am a trader / investor not as atrologist 
On Tue, Jan 28, 2014 at 12:24 PM, Tazia Smith 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - 
Curious for your view on China. We're concerned about the defense of China's stability (even by our 
own Global Markets Research analyst, Jun Ma). China may be re-rating for longer-term stability as 
an 'emerged' market, but that our DB GEM Equity Strategist, Jean-Paul Smith, and his team may 
have the downside risk right in the nearer-term. 
Bulls point to estimates that the AUM in the trust sector only totalling Rmb 10.1 trillion (arguably too 
low), and that 93% of AuM in trust products could be "backed" (38% by central government, 34% by 
local governments, and 21% by large financial groups ). But Bears highlight that (a) bailouts by 
authorities won't be a sustainable solution to increasingly regular defaults, (b) they suggest the 
inherent moral hazard problem that will perpetuate high-risk borrowers leveraging the shadow 
banking system (vs. the proposed quotad bond market issuance and bank securitization channels 
that the government intends to promote to increase transparency and liquidity), and, (c) bears also 
point out that local authorities, supposedly on hand to intervene in troubled loans, are themselves 
highly indebted (currently account for the highest proportion of credit in China, and news flow of local 
government/ LGFV debt rollovers is becoming all too common - according to DB GEM Equity 
Strategists, 1/28/14). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109286 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255470 
EFTA01452335

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452336.pdf
----------------------------------------
As Nav points out below, there is a crowded long China trade with leverage, financed by selling 
options. Calls on USDCNH present a convex payoff caused by investors selling too many options - 
timeframe on a move is uncertain which is why he picked 1y (2y options are not very liquid). 
Please see below, let us know your thoughts. 
Best Regards, 
Tazia 
— Forwarded by Tazia SmaNdbedbcom on 01'28,2014 11.58 AM --. 
From: 
Nay Guptardb. 
To: 
Date: 
01/282014 09:44 AM 
Subject: 
Depressed options volatility makes 'Renngmbi weaker' hedges very cheap 
I KCP Capital Markets (I) 
USDCNH call options underprice the possibility of higher USDCNH. This could result from unwinding 
of heavy positioning long CNN vs USD resulting from credit tapering, investor awareness of 
worsening bank asset quality and declining growth. The correlation between China and other EM is 
presently low. Sustained outflows from broader EM will likely impact China also 
1) 
Buy a 1y expiry, 6.2 / 6.7 strike USDCNH call spread. Premium (offer) —0.43% of USD 
notional. Spot breakeven 6.226 
2) 
Buy a 1y expiry, 6.3 / 6.8 strike USDCNH call spread. Premium (offer) —0.30% of USD 
notional. Spot breakeven 6.318 
USDCNH spot = 6.029, 1 y ATMF = 6.093 
Inducative levels only. subject to market movement. Source: INS K<P London. 12t14. 
These premiums are very  low compared to the potential returns if USDCNH turns higher. Implied vol 
is approx. 3% 
The complacency and positioning among FX and FX options participants in USDCNH is high 
• 
USDCNH 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109287 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255471 
EFTA01452336

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452337.pdf
----------------------------------------
1111111I). 
j;1hi'III
2010 
2011 
MOM Curncy (1150-Oill Cross Rate) Daily 01JAN2009-22JAN2014 Copyrighil 2014 Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
22-.3ae-2014 17:09:40 
2012 
2013 
I 20 
6.8000 
6.7000 
6.6000 
6.5000 
6.4000 
6.3000 
6.2000 
6.1000 
lt•Vil"11J 
14,d adL r:rion.ion 
• I •, ,, 
I 
• 
PBoC has significantly tightened money market rates to curb shadow banking and asset 
speculation 
Shan•hai interbank offered rate fixing - 1 month 
lu.0CU0 
S. 01-..r.:0 
7.3330 
6.0000 
4.0000 
2.0000 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
I 
2013 
2C 
SHIF1M Index (Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate Fixing - 1 Month) Daily 293AN2009 
Copyright::: 2014 Bloomberg Cinarce L.P. 
28-Jan-2014 17:5S:51 
l'accl aailb parmssion of liloomlwrg Ftrisme 
• 
The recent headlines on bad loans in China's shadow banking industry have raised concerns 
of a systemic event 
China's trust industry has relatively high risk shadow banking products given the liquidity risks. 
These products have seen rapid growth since 2010, reaching Rmb10.1 to as of 3Q13 with a 2010-
3Q13 CAGR of 55%. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109288 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255472 
EFTA01452337

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452338.pdf
----------------------------------------
Trust insets grew rapidly in China, reaching 
Rmb10.1 to by 3013 
2010-3013 CAGR at 55% 
11mb tN 
IMO 
so 
" 
I 
.-411
43.r
CAGR 55% 
OA 
j
LIN 
et
es 
4°
as 
3.7 
e
rtivIt_ 
4011/ 4011 1012 2012 1012 
si 
ti 
11.7 
4012 1013 2013 3013 
Ann en•nageene01 bust Seleit uS Inni • Combined um! pugs 
Source; Crone rive Assa,anort 
In terms of underlying investments. 29% of 
Dust assets are invested In higher risk industrial and 
commercial sectors (as of 3013) 
1%J 
too 
so 
SO 
SO 
co 
IT 
It 
C 
IS 
A 
is 
IT 
ao 
zi 
Is 
la 
spc 
aa 
111 
I 
' 
• 
•IntiesUsellite 
4010 Mal 10.1 2012 3012 4012 tots tois SOW 
°Owl lurk 
Ortat 
Intelnal and 
conimercuS 
'mato& 
wis*OblOnS 
• Sectoity 
masset 
:,Ra.l•stite 
Note: Asset management trusts ate not Included its the above. 
Sosc. • el:14> but: Aeseravaon 
Asian corporates have sold a significant quantity of options (to enhance returns) depressing implied 
volatility 
IF USDCNH starts to retrace hither, option sellers will short cover options they have 
c)• Last Price 
2.6600 
F T High on 10/03/11 6.3125 
F 4- Average 
3.2727 
L 1 Low on 01/02/13 2.0750 
6.0000 
5.0000 
4.0000 
3.0000 
2.5630 
2.0000 
2011 
2012 
2013 
20: 
uSDCW.flY Conk, (u5D-C14400Vol ATM 1Y) Daily 29.1aN2039-25.1M2014 Copyright0 2014 Bloomberg birarcel.o. 
2S-2an-2014 15:01:27 
k% 
I'm 
KCP Capital Markets 
Vinit Sahni I Nav Gupta I Vanshree Verma 
Nav Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG. Filial* London 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
109108 Old &oad St Ruiners Hall). EC2N 1EN London. United Kingdom 
Tel. 
Mobile 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109289 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255473 
EFTA01452338

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452339.pdf
----------------------------------------
Email nay.ouptaeldb.com 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DoAWM Key Client Partners CKGP-) London desk for discussion purposes only. and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and f or its affiliates ("DB") These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail 
only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiF1D). who understand the 
strategy. characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and vill be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be 
subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
Pea c-in 417 Reform 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-
mail. My unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer to htto://www.db.com/en/content/eu disclosures.htm for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Runia 
Pet-fluent 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109290 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255474 
EFTA01452339

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452340.pdf
----------------------------------------
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109291 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255475 
EFTA01452340

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452341.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Valuations System 
Sent: 
;JoseohCollmon
;Pau Morris 
;GedeonPMedo 
;Tada 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
Smith 
:VaheRopanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC as at 28 Jan 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140128_20140129_143a182298_20140128_20140129_1csv 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_Merch_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140128_20140129_1 
52768756 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109292 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255476 
EFTA01452341

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452342.pdf
----------------------------------------
nor 
e an 
SOUTHERN FINAN 
Request 182298 
t, 
As of 28 Jan 14 
P7777:5777.7 
Jan 2014 
Page 2 0(2 
Deutsch* Berk AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
36636443S/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
11-Noo.2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1.0130000 00) 
use 
101.030.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
(46.107.68) 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.00000) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUICPEAN 
0.0003 
13.642 81 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21.Nov.2013 
20-Not.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
Ill .CAY! CO) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
11,970 03 
710423463 
F INANCLAL. 11C 
366364436/ 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(2100 00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0000 
10,440 84 
710423465 
FINANCLAL, LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan.2014 
17-Apr-2014 
2144x-1014 
(10000 XO 00) 
USD 
11,003,000.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1,100D 
;242 610* 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
IT/W.1014 
21-4(.2014 
{10.000.000 00) 
USD 
11.303.003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1303 
90620.59 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
Subtotal: 
(162 043 90 
Isgat 
(162,043.94) 
Statement ID : 182298_20140128_20140129_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109294 
SDNY_GM_00255478 
EFTA01452342

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452343.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
1/29/2014 2:12:23 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140129 
RM CODE 
81851 
01/28/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT * 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
949,119.26 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
232,618.74 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
100,433.38 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
D 
.00 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,910,940.16 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE M 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
M 
.00 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,204.70 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109296 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255480 
EFTA01452343

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452344.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Valuations System i
l 
Sent: 
1/29/2014 5:12:15 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
I; Gedeon Pinedo 
imil
MISIN
I; Joseph Cothron 
; Paul Morris 
); Tazia 
Smith I-% 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAIW/Mii 
- equest 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140129_20140130_1.pdf; 182298_20140129_20140130_1.csv 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140129_20140130_1 
52839939 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109297 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255481 
EFTA01452344

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452345.pdf
----------------------------------------
an 
SOUTHERN FINANC 
Request 182298 
As of 29 Jan 14 
Jan 2014 
Page 
Of 2 
Deubdip MSc AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
FX • Options 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not. Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
Not.Amt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
204lov.2014 
2541ov.2014 
(1.000.000.00) 
USD 
101,000000 
sr 
SHORT 
ELROFEAN 
CALL 
101.0003 
(42587.17) 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364435/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
214.2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.0001:0) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.00W 
14,40.32 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
2144w-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
121,000 001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1271093 
710423463 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
214W-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
121.000 001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
11,087.83 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10,030.000.00) 
USD 
11,000000.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
l'230.e93*.. 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
3778178951 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jen-20f4 
11•Apr•2014 
21•Apr•2014 
(10020,000A 
USD 
11,300,000.03 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1303 
84.13895 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
Subtotal: 
(15:1869 iii: 
Total' 
150.266 :',3 
Statement ID: 182298_20140129_20140130_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109299 
SDNY_GM_00255483 
EFTA01452345

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452346.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Paul Morris 
1/29/2014 6:21:22 PM 
Jeffrey Epstein Ijeevacation@gmaitcomj 
Fw: Tax Topics 
jan29tx14.pdf; pic02957.gif; pic05075.gif 
Classification: External Communication 
I think you are on top of all these but might be good resource. See attached. 
 Original Message  
From: Blanche Christerson 
Sent: 01/29/2014 05:48 PM EST 
Subject: Tax Topics 
Attached is the latest edition of Tax Topics. It briefly discusses the 
recently signed 51+ trillion budget agreement and its impact on the IRS, along 
with how decreased IRS funding is adversely affecting taxpayers, according to 
the National Taxpayer Advocate. It also discusses some proposed changes to 
New York's estate tax law and its so-called resident trust "loophole." 
Finally, it has the January and February 7520 rates and the applicable federal 
mid-term rates for these months. 
Stay warm! 
(See attached file: jan29tx14.pdf) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02957.gif) 
Blanche Lark christerson 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company, N.A. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
14th floor, NYC 20-1406 
New York NY10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic0507S.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255485 
DB-SDNY-0 109301 
EFTA01452346

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452347.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Blanche Lark Christerson 
Managing Director. Senior Wealth Planning Strategist 
Tax Topics 
2014-01 
01/29/14 
And the beat goes on... 
Last fall's 16-day government shutdown ended with legislation that President Obama signed in the wee 
hours of October 17h. Under that legislation, a bipartisan committee hammered out a budget agreement by 
mid-December: Congress approved the agreement, and President Obama signed it into law. House and 
Senate appropriations committees then began drafting spending bills — on which they compromised: H.R. 
3547. the "Consolidated Appropriations Act. 2014," passed both the House and the Senate with comfortable 
bipartisan majorities: it became Public Law 113-76 on January 17h, when President Obama signed it. The 
Act allocates $1.012 trillion, is over 1500 pages long and funds the government through September 30, 2014 
(the end of the current 2014 fiscal year). 
The Act restored some of the funding cuts otherwise dictated by the "sequester? which was born of budget 
legislation (and the debt ceiling crisis) in August 2011. It covers discretionary spending for all government 
agencies, and has nothing to do with mandatory spending, such as Social Security. In other words. for 
example, the Act covers national defense, commerce, the judiciary and what are referred to as 'financial 
services: which includes the IRS. Although overall appropriations are up slightly for financial services from 
last years enacted level, the S11.289 billion appropriated for the IRS is about 4% less than last year, and 
continues a downward trend in IRS funding. 
Under the Act, the IRS will have new quarterly reporting requirements with respect to some of its spending, 
and must abide by some pointed directives, including maintaining training programs to cover items such as 
"taxpayers' rights, dealing courteously with taxpayers, cross-cultural relations, ethics and the impartial 
application of tax 
An additional $92 million is potentially available to the IRS to supplement certain 
areas of its budget, but not until the IRS Commissioner first provides a spending plan for those dollars, none 
of which can be used to support any provision of the Affordable Care Act (ACA, which is also known as 
"Obamacare"). The IRS also cannot make a video unless it is pre-approved by the Service-Wide Video 
Editorial Board, nor can the Service use any of its funds to target citizens who are exercising their First 
Amendment rights or to target groups for -regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs." 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255486 
DB-SDNY-0 109302 
EFTA01452347

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452348.pdf
----------------------------------------
In other words, the budget takes note of recent issues that have reflected poorly on the IRS, including the 
Service's enhanced scrutiny of politically conservative groups that were seeking tax-exempt status as 
501(c)(4) social welfare organizations, and the disclosure of certain training videos that spoofed several old 
television shows and were deemed wasteful. John Koskinen, the new IRS Commissioner, has many 
challenges ahead of him, including restoring public confidence in the agency and boosting employee morale. 
National Taxpayer Advocate 
Nina Olson has been the National Taxpayer Advocate since 2001. She heads up the Taxpayer Advocate 
Service (TAS), which was created in 2000, and is an independent organization within the IRS. Ms. Olson 
and the TAS are the taxpayer's 'voice at the IRS." The TAS is designed to help taxpayers navigate issues 
with the IRS when the usual channels have failed; in addition. Ms. Olson regularly focuses on larger issues 
within the IRS and the tax system itself, and recommends solutions. Her year-end Annual Reports to 
Congress are thorough and thoughtful, and in part, detail what she views as the most serious issues facing 
taxpayers. 
Ms. Olson's 2013 Annual Report was released on January 9, 2014, and, as always, is interesting reading. 
One of the critical issues Ms. Olson focuses on in this report is that the IRS "desperately needs more 
funding to serve taxpayers and increase voluntary compliance. Ms. Olson presents some compelling 
statistics to support this statement. In fiscal year 2013, for example: 
• 
The IRS received about 109 million phone calls; only 61% of the callers seeking a customer service 
representative got through, and those who did had to wait an average of 18 minutes before speaking 
with someone. 
• 
The IRS received about 8.4 million letters from taxpayers responding to proposed adjustments to their 
tax accounts; it was unable to respond to 53% of this correspondence within its target timeframes. 
• 
The IRS continues to reduce (and sometimes eliminate) services at its nearly 400 walk-in sites; the 
Service will only answer "basic' tax law questions during this current filing season (January through 
April), and will not answer any of those questions beyond April. 
Ms. Olson also notes that since fiscal year 2010, the IRS workforce has declined about 8%, and that its 
training budget has been "slashed" from about $172 million to about $22 million, a "staggering" 87% 
reduction. "Thus: she says, "the IRS not only has fewer employees than four years ago, but those who 
remain are less equipped to perform their jobs.' 
Ms. Olson calls the recent IRS budget cuts "shortsighted and counterproductive' for several reasons: 1) our 
system relies on voluntary compliance, and the harder it is for taxpayers to get answers, the less likely they 
are to comply: 2) the IRS is a money-maker: in fiscal year 2013, it collected roughly 90% of federal revenue 
— or about $2.86 trillion on an appropriated budget of about $11.2 billion (an average return on investment of 
255:1); of those revenues collected, some 98% were paid timely and voluntarily, with only 2% coming from 
enforcement actions. "In fiscal terms, to be blunt, the mission of the IRS trumps the missions of all other 
federal agencies' 
At his confirmation hearing last December, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen voiced similar sentiments: 
I don't know any organization in my 20 years of experience in the private sector that has said "I think I'll 
take my revenue operation and starve it for funds to see how it does' The IRS will have 11.000 fewer 
people working during this upcoming filing season while processing the largest number of returns in its 
history. I don't care how efficient you become, that is not a recipe for success or improved compliance 
and taxpayer service. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109303 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255487 
EFTA01452348

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452349.pdf
----------------------------------------
In a nutshell...Tax collectors are never popular. Yet if the IRS lacks sufficient funds to do its job properly, 
that means fewer dollars all around for all federal programs, including national defense, Social Security and 
Medicare — and for reducing the deficit. Perhaps, as Ms. Olson suggests, Congress should change the way 
it approaches the IRS's budget and fund the IRS at whatever level Congress believes will "maximize tax 
compliance, particularly voluntary compliance, with due regard for protecting taxpayer rights and minimizing 
taxpayer burden." 
Changes afoot in New York? 
On January 21. 2014, New York's Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) introduced his comprehensive Executive Budget 
for New York's 2014-2015 fiscal year. The budget has a number of tax reform proposals, including 
"modernizing" New York's estate tax law and closing what it refers to as the resident trust "loophole." Here 
are a few highlights of this draft legislation: 
• 
Estate Tax. For decedents dying on or after April 1, 2014, New York would begin lowering its top estate 
tax rate of 16% (this currently applies to taxable estates just over $10 million), and increasing its S1 
million estate tax exclusion amount; by April 1, 2017, the top estate tax rate would have dropped to 10%, 
and the exclusion amount would have reached $5.25 million. As of January 1, 2019, that exclusion 
amount would be indexed for inflation using the "cost of living adjustment." defined as the percentage by 
which the consumer price index (CPI) for 2018 exceeds the CPI for 2012; as of January 1, 2020, the 
cost of living adjustment would be the percentage by which the CPI for 2019 exceeds the 2018 CPI; in 
2021, the adjustment would be the percentage by which the 2020 CPI exceeds the 2018 CPI, and so 
forth, in subsequent years. In addition, as of April 1. 2014, resident New York decedents would have to 
include "adjusted taxable gifts" (see below) made on or after that date in their New York gross estates if 
they were New York residents when they made the gifts: non-resident New York decedents would not 
include such gifts in their New York taxable estates unless the gifts were of real or tangible property 
located in New York, or of intangible property used in a New York trade or business. 
Comments. The memorandum in support of this legislation states that New York's estate tax is 
"woefully out of date," and that it gives wealthy New Yorkers an incentive to leave the state. In part, the 
legislation would address this problem by lowering New York's estate tax rate, and eventually raising its 
estate tax exclusion to the federal basic exclusion amount, which it cites as $5.25 million, indexed for 
inflation. Indeed, thanks to inflation-indexing, the basic exclusion amount was $5.25 million in 2013, and 
in 2014, it is $5.34 million — meaning that in 2014, a married couple can protect up to $10.68 million from 
federal gift or estate tax, assuming they haven't made any prior gifts that used up some of this exclusion 
(these are the "adjusted taxable gifts" referred to above). Thus, New York's draft legislation targets a 
number ($5.25 million) that is already stale. Nevertheless, the legislation would start indexing the New 
York exclusion for inflation as of 2019; presumably, its CPI references would successfully match New 
York's exclusion to whatever the federal exclusion then is. 
In addition, including certain lifetime gifts made on or after April 1, 2014 in the New York estate tax 
computation could definitely increase a decedent's New York estate tax, which generally doesn't reflect 
those gifts. It goes without saying that a New Yorker currently contemplating a significant lifetime gift 
might want to complete that gift prior to April 1. 2014, given this draft legislation. But New Yorkers who 
haven't yet made such gifts might be reluctant to do so — they may not want to, and may not even be a 
New York resident at death. 
• 
The resident trust "loophole." The memorandum in support of this legislation explains that it would 
make two "improvements" to the taxation of trusts. First, it would tax distributions of trust income 
accumulated in prior years (-accumulation distributions' ) to New York beneficiaries of non-resident trusts 
(generally, trusts created by someone who was not a New Yorker) and of tax-exempt resident trusts 
(generally, trusts created by a New Yorker that are exempt from New York income tax because they 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109304 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255488 
EFTA01452349

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452350.pdf
----------------------------------------
have no New York trustees, no properly located in New York, and no New York-source income). 
Second. the bill would eliminate a loophole" that allows so-called incomplete gift, non-grantor trusts 
("INGs" or "DINGs,- if the trusts are created in Delaware) to completely avoid New York income tax; it 
would do so by making the trust a "grantor trust" for New York income tax purposes — meaning that the 
creator of the trust would be taxable on the trust's income for New York purposes. even though the 
creator is not taxable on that income for federal purposes. Although these proposals would be 
retroactive to January 1, 2014 if enacted. some transition rules would apply: accumulation distributions 
paid before June 1. 2014 would be exempt, and the ING rules would not apply to income from a trust 
that is liquidated before June 1, 2014. 
Comments. This proposed legislation reflects recommendations from the Trusts and Estates section of 
the New York Bar Association that were included in the November 2013 report from the Tax Reform and 
Fairness Commission. According to the bill's supporting memorandum, the provisions would increase 
tax revenues by $75 million in fiscal year 2014-15, $225 million in fiscal year 2015-16, and $150 million 
annually thereafter. In other words, these proposals are perceived as money-makers. Yet whether that 
would indeed be the case remains to be seen: wealthy New Yorkers seem unlikely to view these 
changes as 'improvements" to the taxation of trusts, but rather, as another reason to move out of New 
York. 
January and February 7520 rates issued 
The IRS has issued the January and February 2014 applicable federal rates: the January 7520 rate is 2.2%. 
an increase of 0.20% (20 basis points) from December's 2.0% rate. January's mid-term rates are also up 
slightly, and are: 1.75% (annual), 1.74% (semiannual and quarterly), and 1.73% (monthly). February's 7520 
rate continues to climb: it is 2.4%, and the February mid-term rates are also up: 1.97% (annual), 1.96% 
(semiannual and quarterly) and 1.95% (monthly). December's mid-term rates were: 1.65% (annual), 1.64% 
(semiannual and quarterly), and 1.63% (monthly). 
Blanche Lark Chrislerson is a managing director at Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management in New York 
City, and can be reached at blanche.christerson@dh.com. 
The opinions and analyses expressed herein are those or the autlyr and do not necessarily reflect those of Deutsche Bark AG or any 
affiliate thereof (collectively. the "Bank') Any suggestions contained herein are general. arid do not take Into account an inthviduars 
specrlic arcisovances or applicable governing law, which may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and be subiect to change. No 
warranty or representation, express or implied. is rnacle by Ile Bank, nor does the Bank accept any liability with respect to the 
information and data set forth herein The information contained herein is not intended to be. and does not constaute, legal. tax, 
accocatirs2 or other professional advice: a is casts not intended to offer penalty protection or to prbmote. market or recommend any 
transaction or matter addressed herein. Recapieras should consult their applicable professional advisors prior to acting on 11* 
information set forth lwrein This material may not be reproduced withe44 the express permission of the auth*r 'Deutsche Bar.t° mewls 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management represents the asset management and wealth 
management activities conducted by Deutsche Bea AG or its subsidiaries. Clients are provided Deutsche Asset & Wealth 
Management produids or sensces by ore or more *gal entities that are identified to clients pursuant to the contracts. agreements 
offering materials or other documentation relevant to such products or services. Trust and estate and wealth planning services are 
provided through Deutsche Bank Trust Company. 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware and Deutsche Bank National Trust 
Company. 412014 Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management. All rights reserved 01 rz 71 012914 
Ta T‘44:, 
' 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109305 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255489 
EFTA01452350

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452351.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109307 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255491 
EFTA01452351

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452352.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Tazia Smith 
1/29/2014 9:17:56 PM 
Paul Morris 
fw: Jeffrey - turkey. more than expected. Massive rally in the TRL and EM risk [II 
pic04535.gif; pic15084.gif 
classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paul - been one of those days (and still going), so apologies for my 
delayed update. vanit/Nav and I spoke with JE this morning at 11am. Was a 
good call. we are coming back tomorrow with a senario analysis on the long 
dated yen call. He focused on it and got it this conversation. He understood 
the overlay to owning real assets in Japan too. 
JE re-stated for vinite that all he wants is the trade (he did not sound 
annoyed) he just stated that he does not want market updates just the trade - 
Vinit repeated, for the record!, "we will from here on forward assume that you 
already have the information." Aside: I've taken to updating Harry more, he 
likes the updates and I feel better knowing we have communicated that to the 
client! 
That's the update! 
Please call me tomorrow if you want to discuss further, we'll clearly cc you 
on the USDJPY option email. 
TDS 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic04S3S.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic15084.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 01/29/2014 09:12 PM 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
vsahni 
Tazia Smith 
01/29/2014 05:58 AM 
Re: Jeffrey - turkey. more than expected. Massive rally in the TRL and EM risk 
today or tomorow lets speak 
on wed, Jan 29, 2014 at 4:19 AM, vsahni 
w
rote: 
don't like the entry points here, looked 
pe ratios not great. 
there is a china trade which I like, needs to be managed and u also need to 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255492 
DB-SDNY-0 109308 
EFTA01452352

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452353.pdf
----------------------------------------
know the market a bit, trying to fine tune for u. Focus on LSD EM bonds, 
trying to see if any really stand out. Also looking at a couple of 
interesting fund trades for u (being long a long/short equity fund w/an 
embedded put option -> this year is a year of stock selection and portable 
alpha) 
On another note, we need to look at Japan closer. I like real assets there, 
as inflation is showing some signs of picking up and despite REITS rallying 
60%+, physical real estate is cheap and easy to manage. I just bot an 
apartment in prime tokyo in December and net yields are very attractive. 
Asian investors are quite bullish and are looking to diversify away from 
expensive singapore and HK. Tokyo Olympics are 2020. when u have time lets 
discuss. Long real estate + a long USDJPY position (natural hedge). 
on Jan 28, 2014, at 11:59 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
trade? 
on rue, Jan 28, 2014 at 5:24 PM, vinit Sahni 
wrote: 
TURKEY'S CENTRAL BANK RAISES OVERNIGHT LENDING RATE TO 12.00% 
- this is the key rate, and it was at 7.75% until now, so a 
4.25% increase, far greater than the 2.50% expected. 
TURKEY'S CENTRAL BANK RAISES BENCHMARK REPO RATE TO 10.00% -
from 4.50% 
TURKEY'S CENTRAL BANK RAISES OVERNIGHT BORROWING RATE TO 8.00% 
from 3.50% 
TURKEY CENTRAL BANK RAISES LATE LIQUIDITY WINDOW RATE TO 15% 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this 
e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer tohttp://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
vinit 
tifetrittrfetiteit**.trkicieltrAttrkitieltttrfedittr*trittete****teteti*Irketi00********Atite 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*trickfc****Icfc**44**MA4icielestrA*4*frletrittch*IrtrItfrielltestr****trtrfeh*****Ich* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109309 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255493 
EFTA01452353

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452354.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109310 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255494 
EFTA01452354

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452355.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109312 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255496 
EFTA01452355

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452356.pdf
----------------------------------------
today or tomorow lets speak 
On Wed, Jan 29, 2014 at 4:19 AM, vsahni cvsahni@me.com> wrote: 
don't like the entry points here, looked at all my sharpe ratios not great. 
there is a china trade which I like, needs to be managed and u also need to 
know the market a bit, trying to fine tune for u. Focus on USD EM bonds, 
trying to see if any really stand out. Also looking at a couple of 
interesting fund trades for u (being long a long/short equity fund w/an 
embedded put option -> this year is a year of stock selection and portable 
alpha) 
on another note, we need to look at Japan closer. I like real assets there, 
as inflation is showing some signs of picking up and despite REITS rallying 
60%+, physical real estate is cheap and easy to manage. I just bot an 
apartment in prime tokyo in December and net yields are very attractive. 
Asian investors are quite bullish and are looking to diversify away from 
expensive singapore and HK. Tokyo Olympics are 2020. when u have time lets 
discuss. Long real estate + a long USD)PY position (natural hedge). 
On Jan 28, 2014, at 11:59 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
trade? 
On Tue, Jan 28, 2014 at 5:24 PM, Vinit Sahni .cvsahni@me.com> wrote: 
TURKEY'S CENTRAL BANK RAISES OVERNIGHT LENDING RATE TO 12.00% 
- this is the key rate, and it was at 7.75% until now, so a 
4,25% increase, far greater than the 2.50% expected. 
TURKEY'S CENTRAL BANK RAISES BENCHMARK REPO RATE TO 10.00% -
from 4.50% 
TURKEY'S CENTRAL BANK RAISES OVERNIGHT BORROWING RATE TO 8.00% 
from 3.50% 
TURKEY CENTRAL BANK RAISES LATE LIQUIDITY WINDOW RATE TO 15% 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this 
e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer tohttp://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Vinit 
******************4******Orittr*Afe****************AfeafeltO*****0 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109314 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255498 
EFTA01452356

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452357.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Valuations System rvaluations.system@db.comi 
1/29/2014 9:46:21 PM 
;Joseph Cothron 
Smith II;
 Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for as at 28 Jan 2014 • Request 182298 
Attachments: StandardBnRTradeLeyel.pdf; StandardBnRTradelevel.csv 
; Amanda Kirby ( 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
;GedeonPinedo 
;Tazia 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
We also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_MWrch_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_2309.pdf 
52851136 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109318 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255502 
EFTA01452357

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452358.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank AG 
e an 
raup 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
182298 
n14 
For Sales Inquiries Contact 
Tazia Smith (Tei • 
(Email) 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY (Tel) 
(Email) valuations.nyttidb.com 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
To: 
Gmail (Email) 
Gmail (Email) 
Gedeon Pinedo (Email) 
Vahe Stepanian (Email 
oseph Cothron (Email) 
Fx Rates: 
USD/EUR = 7318768983 
Am ands Virhy (Grand) 
ID,I1 &Annie /Grand) 
29,1an 2014 
Par 1 Of 2 
Note:-All Values are shown from the DB Group's point of view. A negative Value therefore expresses an amount which is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in 09 Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
This statement is an amendment to statement(s) you previously received. Amendments may relate either to changes to. or the removal of information previously appearing on the statement, or may relate to the addition of information not previously appearing on 
the statement. Please consider this statement to replace any previous version of the statement you received 
Deutsche Bank Group ("DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instrument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model prices. external sources, market pnces and/or DB's internal books and records prices. Valuations may be adjusted to take into account market, liquidity, credit, 
operational or other risks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally 
always decline over time, as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including those containing Premium Adjustments. may not 
represent the terms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with DB. DB may change its valuation methodology and the related 
adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different assumptions or calculated using other 
methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. Any subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuation. This difference can be less favourable to 
you. and due to the volatility of market conditions, the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors, the differential could be substantial. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in calculating or disseminating valuations, or 
for any inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies, adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that are either used or relied upon by you or any 
other party for any reason including, without limitation, your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109319 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255503 
EFTA01452358

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452359.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
1/30/2014 2:32:31 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM00818S1 Daily Deposit Report 20140130 
RM CODE 
81851 
01/29/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT * 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
948,319.26 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
232,618.74 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
100,359.25 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
D 
.00 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,910,940.16 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE M 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
M 
.00 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
M 
.00 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,204.70 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
MoRT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109322 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255506 
EFTA01452359

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452360.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Sent: 
1/30/2014 10:56:06 AM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: couple things [CI 
weare on the way„ call eileen 
On Thu, Jan 30, 2014 at 10:55 AM, Paul Morris < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
hope you're well, if you're going to be in paris next few weeks i would like to arrange to bring a couple 
people over to see you, i'll be inn London seeing clients and i'll join, please let me know if we can 
move forward with LB accounts as we discussed, that would be really good, we have a solid 
relationship with his co in our investment bank, thank you Jeffrey 
was in Detroit yesterday looking at properties 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
** ********** 
*********************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109323 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255507 
EFTA01452360

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452361.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
1/30/2014 5:08:10 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: couple things (CI 
Classification: Confidential 
thanks you, we spoke, will get things moving and keep u posted, will get Caroline and Tazia introduced, best regards, 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmaacom> 
To. 
Paul Mords/db/dbcomeDBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
01/302014 10:56 AM 
Subµxt: 
Re: couple things (CI 
weare on the way„ call eileen 
On Thu, Jan 30, 2014 at 10:55 AM, Paul Morris 
wrote:
Classification: Confidential 
hope you're well, if you're going to be in paris next few weeks i would like to arrange to bring a couple 
people over to see you, i'll be inn London seeing clients and i'll join, please let me know if we can 
move forward with LB accounts as we discussed, that would be really good, we have a solid 
relationship with his co in our investment bank, thank you Jeffrey 
was in Detroit yesterday looking at properties 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109324 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255508 
EFTA01452361

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452362.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109325 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255509 
EFTA01452362

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452363.pdf
----------------------------------------
Prr77177:3.:J.,7,711771... 
Jan 2014 
Page 
Of 2 
Deuboln Bank AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
FX • Options 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
Not.Amt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Not. Ccy 
Long( Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
SOUTHERN 
F% OPTION 
21-1434013 
20.11ov.2014 
25.11ov.2014 
(1.0031:03.00) 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Notr-2313 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.00300) 
USD 
FittANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXCPTION 
214R-2013 
20-Nw•2014 
25-Nov.2014 
121,000 CC) 
USD 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(21.000 00) 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10,030.000.00) 
USD 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jen-2014 
17.Apr•2014 
21•Apr•2014 
(10020,000.03) 
USD 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
101.030.000 
11,000000.00 
11.300000.03 
PT 
JPY 
JPY 
PY 
CAD 
CAD 
SHORT 
LOt4G 
LONG 
LONG 
SHORT 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
ELRCPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
CALL 
CAU. 
101.0003 
0.000D 
0.0000 
0.0000 
1.1000 
1.1300 
(45.103.82) 
624 53 
924 42 
375 86 
(246.527.0.9) 
91.095 73 
Subtotal: 
(I6A 6 I:I; :iii: 
Statement ID : 182298_20140130_20140131_1 
Total-
164.510 3e., 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109328 
SDNY_GM_00255512 
EFTA01452363

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452364.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
1/31/2014 2:32:50 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140131 
RM CODE 
81851 
01/30/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT * 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,902,768.13 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
232,618.74 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
100,359.25 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,910,940.16 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,204.70 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109330 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255514 
EFTA01452364

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452365.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
StM: 
To: 
; Amanda Kirby 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
I 
]; Joseph Cothron
; 
Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith I 
I; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LIC as at 31Jan 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140131_20140203_1.pdf; 182298_20140131_20140203_1.csy 
Valuations System 
2014 6:46:16 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Bank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_march_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_statement_-_EmiK_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140131_20140203_1 
52970515 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109331 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255515 
EFTA01452365

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452366.pdf
----------------------------------------
31Jan 2014 
Paps 2 Of 2 
Deutsch* Berk AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
3663644361 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
21-Nov.1013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(1.013003300) 
USD 
101.030.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
(40.754.M) 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/' 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-11ov-2014 
(21.000001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUICPEAN 
0.33 
14.851 42 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
36i6364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
111.FAXt 001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
13.02611 
710423463 
F INANCLAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHER! 
EX OPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
1.2130001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0000 
11.350 62 
710423465 
EINANCLAL, LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-A4x-2014 
(10.01 X000) 
USD 
11.003.00300 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1,1003 
fn ?.': 2 (.9) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-A4x-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.COD.CCO001 
USD 
11.300.003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.133 
8085268 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
Subtotal: 
(14E 885 51r: 
Isgat 
(149,885.57) 
Statement ID : 182298_20140131_20140203_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109333 
SDNY_GM_00255517 
EFTA01452366

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452367.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/1/2014 2:32:15 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140201 
RM CODE 
81851 
01/31/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,821,738.81 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
232,258.74 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
100,191.23 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109335 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255519 
EFTA01452367

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452368.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein ijeeyacation@gmail.coml 
Sent: 
2/2/2014 8:59:13 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
percentages get a rea 
rom your team 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109336 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255520 
EFTA01452368

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452369.pdf
----------------------------------------
***************************** 
****************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation@Rmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109338 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255522 
EFTA01452369

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452370.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris II
SeM: 
2/2/2014 9:30:10 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein ljeeyacation@gmail.coml; Tazia Smith 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
call you tomorrow 
From: Jeffrey Epstein ljemacationn,gmail.comj 
Sent: 02/02/2014 08:59 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith; Paul Morris 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109339 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255523 
EFTA01452370

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452371.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/2/2014 10:20:44 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team 9] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Circle up w you in AM. Paul 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax 
E-mail:-
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 02/02/2014 09:30 PM EST 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation#,gmail.com>; Tazia Smith 
Subject: Re: percentages get a read from your lain III 
Classification: For internal use only 
call you tomorrow 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacationggmail.com] 
Sent: 02/02/2014 08:59 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith: Paul Morris 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com and 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109340 
SDNY_GM_00255524 
EFTA01452371

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452372.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109343 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255527 
EFTA01452372

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452373.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 9:24:47 AM 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Re: IC) 
Classification: Confidential 
David, do you want to grab breakfast over the coming weeks, i live on UES so happy to do there or mid-town whatever is 
easier for you. thanks 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New Y rk NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
David Mitchel 
To: 
Paul Morris/db/S. 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationegmail.com>. 
Date. 
01/2012014 0837 AM 
Subject. 
Re: 
Thank you for the time this morning to go over 87 Leonard Street 
PLEASE NOTE NEW ADDRESS: 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 MADISON AVENUE 
New York NY 10065 
From: Paul Morris < 
Date: Monday, January 20, 2014 8:00 AM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
< 
Subject: Re: 
Classification: External Communication 
David, I'm available all day, on my cell 
Happy to talk. Thx 
From: Jeffrey Epstein ljeevacation@email.comj
Sent: 01/20/2014 07:57 AM AST 
To: David Mitchell < 
>; Paul Morris 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109346 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255530 
EFTA01452373

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452374.pdf
----------------------------------------
building in tribeca ?? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@email.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109347 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255531 
EFTA01452374

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452375.pdf
----------------------------------------
801 MADISON AVENUE 
New York NY 10065 
From: Paul Morris 
Date: Monday, January 20, 2014 8:00 AM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jcevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: 
Classification: External Communication 
David, I'm available all day, on my cell 
Happy to talk. Thx 
From: Jeffrey Epstein Ileevacation@gmail.coml
Sent: 01/20/2014 07:57 AM MT 
To: David Mitchell 
building in tribeca ?? 
Paul Morris 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient lor have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109349 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255533 
EFTA01452375

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452376.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 1:19:34 PM 
To: 
Vinit Sahni 
I; NavGupta Ii 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: percentages get a read from your team ICI 
Classification: confidential 
Hello Vinit & Nav -
Paul and I spoke with JE this morning. This a proposal, from him, of putting 
—100mm to work. I'm putting together some suggested tweaks on a few pieces 
(ex additional companies in japan, detail on the energy piece), and pricing, 
etc. Clearly always love your input as well Team! Please let me know if/when 
you have a moment to discuss, thanks! Also, recognize this is helpful in 
scaling ideas. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 02/03/2014 01:14 PM 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAs, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
inline image 1 
14#44********Afrir*******************klettAfel.*******Akiltie********A 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109350 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255534 
EFTA01452376

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452377.pdf
----------------------------------------
Oct 31 
Nov 15 
EP045024 Pfd 
1)/2.s.co2 
r.,2/ /2et4 
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 2:14:32 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Citi K fixed-to 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Will be back with complete thoughts on all of the below, but given nice pullback today, some highlights (potentially timely 
entry points) are popping up, for one: 
Consider buying some of the Citi K fixed to floats today. 
They went ex-div today (50c) and are trading —$25.25 (down 45c). As you know, they're fixed at 6.875% and float in '23 
at 3moL +413bps. One quarterly coupon and you've recouped the moderate premium to par 
C 6 1 12/31/49 
t 25,250 -.450 
K25.230 /25.250N 
x25 
EXCI 
At 13:57 
Vol 177 757 
C 25 300P F 25 320N L 25.200 8 Val 4.487M 
Save AS 
9Ii/ Actions 
  17) Rrirro"911 Table 
"I 
mar Ea 01 
An:. ®®®issamic 
1" :v 
l• 
SY 
Max 
Dally • 
titjj 
N Security/Slue), 
M Event 
+ Track 
/ Annotate t News 1, Zoom 
I:)• Last Price 
25.250 
T High on 01/22/14 25.890 
-sr Average 
25.243 
Low on 10/30/13 24.870 
Volume 
0.17811 
• 
SMAVG (15) 1.077M 
Iiis 
Nov 29 
2013 
Dec 16 
Dec 31 
Jan 15 
Jan 31 
2014 
25.800 
25.600 
25.400 
CEO 
25.000 
24.800 
5M 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bar* Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109351 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255535 
EFTA01452377

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452378.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pairifittp.4tr Pei foss 
From 
Jeffrey Epstein rrieeyacabon@gmail corn> 
To. 
Tazia Smit 
Paul Morn
Date: 
02,02,2014 08.59 PM 
Subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109352 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255536 
EFTA01452378

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452379.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 2:14:32 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Citi K fixed•to-float... [C) 
Attachments: pic01403.gif; pic04031.gif; pic26861.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey -
will be back with complete thoughts on all of the below, but given nice 
pullback today, some highlights (potentially timely entry points) are popping 
up, for one: 
consider buying some of the Citi K fixed to floats today. 
They went ex-div today (50c) and are trading —525.25 (down 45c). As you know, 
they're fixed at 6.875% and float in '23 at 3moL +413bps. one quarterly 
coupon and you've recouped the moderate premium to par 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01403.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic04031.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26861.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia smit 
Paul Morris 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
inline image 1 
iiik*Oritfefrit****************Airk*.tele****************AktrA**tetrkletr*A 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109355 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255539 
EFTA01452379

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452380.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109358 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255542 
EFTA01452380

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452381.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109359 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255543 
EFTA01452381

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452382.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Paul Morris 
2/3/2014 3:22:52 PM 
Tazia Smith 
Re: Citi K fixed-to-float... (C) 
pic08250.gif; pic17516.gif; pic26983.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
good don't see any reasons not to get going where good opportunities 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New 'tor 
Office 
Cell: 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
subject: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.comADEuBAINT, 
Paul Marri 
02/03/2014 02:14 PM 
citi K fixed-to-float... [c] 
classification: confidential 
Jeffrey -
will be back with complete thoughts on all of the below, but given nice 
pullback today, some highlights (potentially timely entry points) are popping 
up, for one: 
Consider buying some of the Citi K fixed to floats today. 
They went ex-div today (50c) and are trading -525.25 (down 45c). As you know, 
they're fixed at 6.875% and float in '23 at 3moL +413bps. One quarterly 
coupon and you've recouped the moderate premium to par 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic08250.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17516.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel 
Fa 
mo 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255544 
DB-SDNY-0 109360 
EFTA01452382

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452383.pdf
----------------------------------------
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26983.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia smith/dba, 
Paul Morris/db/ 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
ifiriefeleir******************************Afekk******************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notifj, us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109361 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255545 
EFTA01452383

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452384.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109364 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255548 
EFTA01452384

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452385.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 3:23:24 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Citi K fixed-to-float... (CI 
Attachments: pic28736.gif; pic27894.gif; pic12310.gif; pic08419.gif; pic11810.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
he replied. we're working the order. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28736.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
I
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New Y 
Tel. 
Fax 
mobi e 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic27894.gif) 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom008AMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/03/2014 03:22 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Citi K fixed-to-float... 
[C] 
Classification: Confidential 
good don't see any reasons not to get going where good opportunities 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York 
Office.
Cell: 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>@DEUBAINT, 
Cc: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERIcAs 
Date: 
02/03/2014 02:14 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109365 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255549 
EFTA01452385

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452386.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Citi K fixed-to-float... [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey -
will be back with complete thoughts on all of the below, but given nice 
pullback today, some highlights (potentially timely entry points) are popping 
up, for one: 
consider buying some of the citi K fixed to floats today. 
They went ex-div today (50c) and are trading —$25.25 (down 45c). AS you know, 
they're fixed at 6.875% and float in '23 at 3moL +413bps. one quarterly 
coupon and you've recouped the moderate premium to par 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12310.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic08419.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
mew York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobil= 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11810.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com, 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Paul morris/ 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
fritlifet.************************************************kitick** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109366 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255550 
EFTA01452386

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452387.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109367 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255551 
EFTA01452387

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452388.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109368 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255552 
EFTA01452388

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452389.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109369 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255553 
EFTA01452389

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452390.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 6 's 12/31/49 $ 
1,25 
. 230 25 . 250 N 
25 
EX°. 
13:57 
_ 177,757 
_ 25.300P F. 25.320N L 25.200 B Val 4.487M 
EP045024 Pfd 
10/28/2013 
:7) 
.1Y 
Save As 
96) Actions 
02/03/2014 Last Pti a 
• Last Price 
25.250 
T High on 01/22/14 25.890 
-4- Average
25.243 
I Low on 10/30/13 24.870 
non 
sax 
D2ily 
a Al 
Nov 29 
Dec 16 
2013 
Edit - 
91# Table 
Compare 
®mm® 
Line Chart 
PI 
lel 
O 
Warne 
Evert 
Track 
c Annotate 
News os Zoom 
25.800 
25.600 
25.400 
.
.
.
.
.
L.) .LVV 
25.000 
24.800 
l'ig• Volume 
0.178M 
L • 
SMAVG (15) 1.077M 
SM 
Oct 31 
Nov 15 
Dec 31 
Jan 15 
2014 
Jan 31 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109370 
SDNY_GM_00255554 
EFTA01452390

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452391.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey - 
Will be back with complete thoughts on all of the below, but given nice pullback today, some 
highlights (potentially timely entry points) are popping up, for one: 
Consider buying some of the Citi K fixed to floats today. 
They went ex-div today (50c) and are trading -$25.25 (down 45c). As you know, they're fixed at 
6.875% and float in '23 at 3moL +413bps. One quarterly coupon and you've recouped the moderate 
premium to par 
C 6 75 12/31/49 S 
At 13:57 
. 
177,757 
25.300 
Save As 
9S Actions 
"EMI" 
EP045024 Pfd 
32101,2Ct4 
ID 
.70 
Pe 
f•S! 
YID 
List Price 
1Y 
SY 
■ Last Price 
25.250 
T High on 01/22/14 25.890 
Average 
25.243 
L .1 Low on 10/30/13 24.870 
25.230 25.250 
DIE 
25.320 . 
25.200 
4.487M 
• 
97) Edit • 
Table 
Track 
/ Annottin 
• 
INT 
Line Chart 
Mg" 
O 
Volume 
25.800 
25.600 
25.400 
25.000 
24.800 
SM 
P• Volume 
0.178M 
■ SMAVG (15) 1.077M 
... 
awl 
Mellawillell 
wam 
Oct 31 
Nov 15 
Nov 29 
2013 
Dec 16 
Dec 31 
Jan 15 
2014 
Jan 31 
ki 
0.178M 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Flom 
Tel 
meciln 
Fa 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109374 
SDNY_GM_00255558 
EFTA01452391

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452392.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAPS-10141r Petro-pron. 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <keeyecabondligmail corn> 
To: 
Tazia Smithedbidbeem@DBAMERICAS, Paul Movisfelbldbcom@DBAMERICAS:
Date. 
02/02/201d 08:59 PM 
Subject. 
percentages get a read from your team 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e)
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109375 
SDNY_GM_00255559 
EFTA01452392

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452393.pdf
----------------------------------------
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation@tunail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacationestnnail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109377 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255561 
EFTA01452393

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452394.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 3:32:35 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
• Paul Morris I 
I; Vahe Stepanian [vahe.stepanian@db.corn] 
Subject: 
Trade Update 2/3/14 [CI 
Attachments: pic19587.gif; pic07262.gif; pic10139.gif; pic29223.gif; pic30636.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey -
Thus far today you have executed the following: 
B 79,000 Citi K fixed-to-float Pfd at S25.2491 
Be Back, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19587.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. 
10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07262.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacati on@gmai 1. corn> 
To: 
Tazia smith/db/dbcore@DBAmERICAS , 
Date: 
02/03/2014 02:19 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Citi K fixed-to-float... [C] 
2mi11iojn 
on mon, Feb 3, 2014 at 2:14 PM, Tazia smith < 
> wrote: 
classification: confidential 
Jeffrey -
will be back with complete thoughts on all of the below, but given nice 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109378 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255562 
EFTA01452394

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452395.pdf
----------------------------------------
pullback today, some highlights (potentially timely entry points) are 
popping up, for one: 
Consider buying some of the Citi K fixed to floats today. 
They went ex-div today (50c) and are trading -425.2S (down 45c). As you 
know, they're fixed at 6.875% and float in '23 at 3moL +413bps. One 
quarterly coupon and you've recouped the moderate premium to par 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10139.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29223.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30636.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/
 Paul Mor ri 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
*Ithttfelik***Wirfek********Atrtr****00h***44******fteft*O*Mflit*ItiftleAst 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109379 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255563 
EFTA01452395

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452396.pdf
----------------------------------------
*trfeir***Iriele*****Ivietr*****Ateletr***Alife*Irir*****fritle**11444****444** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109380 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255564 
EFTA01452396

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452397.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vinit Sahni 
SeM: 
2/3/2014 3:55:51 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith l 
CC: 
Nay Gupta 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [CI 
Hi tazia - am out of office tomorrow. Happy to discuss later in the eve tomorrow. 
Nav can u pls help and we can discus in the eve 
Thanks 
Vinit 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 18:19, "Tazia Smith" e
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Hello Vinit & Nav -
Paul and I spoke with JE this morning. This a proposal, from him, of putting —100mm to work. 
I'm putting together some suggested tweaks on a few pieces (ex additional companies in japan, 
detail on the energy piece), and pricing, etc. Clearly always love your input as well Team! Please 
let me know if/when you have a moment to discuss, thanks! Also, recognize this is helpful in 
scaling ideas. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Forwarded by Tazia Smitlildb/dbcom on 02/03/2014 01:14 PM — 
From: Jeffrey Epstein ‹
> 
To: 
Tazia SmitWdb/dbcomr0BAMERICAS. Paul Morriddb/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject:percentages get a read from your team 
<0.9E4.png> 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109386 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255570 
EFTA01452397

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452398.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(figmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109387 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255571 
EFTA01452398

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452399.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 3:58:53 PM 
To: 
Vinit Sahni 
CC: 
Nay Gupta 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
Attachments: pic00205.gif; pic16575.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Sounds good. I'll 
send through our initial suggestions, Nav, and then you can 
opine on top of that, that'd be great. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic00205.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
34S Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. +1 
Fax +1 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic16575.gif) 
From: 
Vinit Sahni/db/dbcom@OBEMEA 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcomadbamericas, 
Cc: 
Nay Gupta/db/dbcom@dbemea, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@dbamericas 
Date: 
02/03/2014 03:55 PM 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
Hi tazia - am out of office tomorrow. Happy to discuss later in the eve 
tomorrow. 
Nav can u pls help and we can discus in the eve 
Thanks 
vinit 
on 3 Feb 2014, at 18:19, "Tazia smith" 
classification: confidential 
wrote: 
Hello Vinit & Nav -
Paul and I spoke with JE this morning. This a proposal, from him, of 
putting —100mm to work. I'm putting together some suggested tweaks on a 
few pieces (ex additional companies in japan, detail on the energy 
piece), and pricing, etc. Clearly always love your input as well Team! 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109388 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255572 
EFTA01452399

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452400.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please let me know if/when you have a moment to discuss, thanks! Also. 
recognize this is helpful in scaling ideas. 
Best, 
Tazia 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 02/03/2014 01:14 PM  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia smith/db/dbcom@DBAmEBIcAs, Paul morris/db/dbcom@DBAmmicAs, 
Date: 02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subjec percentages get a read from your team 
t: 
<0.9E4.png> 
1.0914kattril****Okie*trAttrfe**trOtrultd*trtric*Ittrirtred*40***11*44**Atititeted 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109389 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255573 
EFTA01452400

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452401.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 4:27:08 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby f 
Subject: 
Fw: percentages get a read from your team [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul Morris 
managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York 
NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
Forwarded by Paul Morris/db/dbcom on 02/03/2014 04:26 PM 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationalgmai 1 .com.> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAs, Paul morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
fis,*****Oft****Ofek*******PPOtr*****Oh**004ftfett**ftftfeit**dftbirit**fr* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation0gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109392 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255576 
EFTA01452401

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452402.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Nay Gupta 
SeM: 
2/3/2014 41.1
M
To: 
Tazia Smit 
CC: 
Vinit Sahni 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: percen 
your team K 
What risk is in energy renaissance theme and Watford re. 
Thx 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 20:58, "Tazia Smith" 
wrote:
Classification: Confidential 
Sounds good. I'll send through our initial suggestions, Nay, and then you can opine on top of 
that, that'd be great. 
<0.220.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel.
Fax 
Mo 
Em 
<0.C74.gif> 
Vinit Sahni--02103/2014 03:55:58 PM--Hi tazia - ant out of office tomorrow. Happy to discuss 
later in the eve tomorrow. Nay can u pls help and we can discus in the 
From: Vinit Sal 
To: 
Taxi,' Snit 
Cc: 
Nay Gup 
aul Moni 
Date: 
02/03/2014 
Subject:Re: percentages get a read from your team [C1 
Hi tazia - am out of office tomorrow. Happy to discuss later in the eve tomorrow. 
Nay can u pls help and we can discus in the eve 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255577 
DB-SDNY-0 109393 
EFTA01452402

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452403.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thanks 
Vinit 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 18:19, "Tazia Smith" 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Hello Vinit & Nay -
Paul and I spoke with JE this morning. This a proposal, from him, of putting -100mm 
to work. I'm putting together some suggested tweaks on a few pieces (ex additional 
companies in japan, detail on the energy piece), and pricing, etc. Clearly always love 
your input as well Team! Please let me know if/when you have a moment to discuss, 
thanks! Also, recognize this is helpful in scaling ideas. 
Best, 
Tazia 
-- Forwarded by Tazia Smita 
on 02/03/2014 01:14 PM ----
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <eevacation 
ail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smit 
Paul Morn 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
<0.9E4.png> 
**************************************************** 
******* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109394 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255578 
EFTA01452403

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452404.pdf
----------------------------------------
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109395 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255579 
EFTA01452404

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452405.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Nav Gupta 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 4:41:27 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith I 
CC: 
Vinit Sahni 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
Am not a mtge expert but read over the weekend that GS strat prefer po's over io's. Worth checking ry with the 
db io trader. 
Mortgage Interest Only strips have become negatively convex 
Lower coupon IOS (synthetic 10 total return swap instruments) currently screen as having negative convexity, 
meaning that the downside risk from a rate rally is larger than the upside gains from a rate sell-off On an 
option adjusted basis, the 105 appear expensive. Corresponding PO (principal only) securities, by comparison, 
have positive convexity and option adjusted spread, offering solid yields in a falling rate path in which principal 
is returned quickly due to prepayments. 
We expect rising rates, but downside risks exist 
While our central forecast is for interest rates to rise on the back of growth in the U.S. macro-economy, we 
acknowledge risks to the outlook, including uncertainty about the multiplier and the extent of private demand 
acceleration, as well as impacts from non-domestic shocks. Such sources of rates volatility should induce 
caution in taking on exposure to negatively convex positions. 
Pricing of 10 and PO is highly model dependent 
Pricing of 10 is highly sensitive to modeling assumptions - one of the reasons that 10 typically price at very 
wide option adjusted spreads. A key assumption is the rate of housing turnover expected in a rising rise 
scenario. Ifiloor prepays are modeled as slow as 3 CPR, then 10 do in fact offer meaningful upside potential, 
and PO substantial downside risk. 
Either 105 or pass-throughs are mispriced 
While it is possible to model IOS as fair, it is hard to model 10 and pass-throughs as both fair, since a 3 CPR 
floor prepay assumption would imply that the pass-through has substantial extension risk and tight OAS. We 
would split the difference: we view IOS as moderately expensive and pass-throughs as slightly too tight vs. 
treasuries. 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 18:19, "Tula Smith" < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Hello Vinit & Nay -
Paul and I spoke with JE this morning. This a proposal, from him, of putting —100mm to work. 
I'm putting together some suggested tweaks on a few pieces (ex additional companies in japan, 
detail on the energy piece), and pricing, etc. Clearly always love your input as well Team! Please 
let me know if/when you have a moment to discuss, thanks! Also, recognize this is helpful in 
scaling ideas. 
Best, 
Tazia 
— Forwarded by Tazia Smith/dbillon 02/03/2014 01:14 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109396 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255580 
EFTA01452405

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452406.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacationtilmail.com>
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom(cy;DBAMERICAS, Paul Morris/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
<0.9E4.png> 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109397 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255581 
EFTA01452406

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452407.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 4:45:06 PM 
To: 
Nay Gupta 
CC: 
Tazia Smith I 
j; Vinit Sahni 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Watford Re looks like a new hedge fund with bermuda reinsurance wrapper 
started by Highbridge/Arch capital, don't know what type guess credit or 
long/short 
i have not talked with him about energy renissance but likely liquid equities 
across producers or secondary beneficiaries (e.g. auto, chemicals), )P has 
created a basket recently focused on this theme 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York 
NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
Nav Gupta/db/dbcom@DBEMEA 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcomOdbamericas, 
cc: 
vinit Sahni/db/dbcom@dbemea, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@dbamericas 
Date: 
02/03/2014 04:37 PM 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
what risk is in energy renaissance theme and watford re. 
Thx 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 20:58, "Tazia Smith" <
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Sounds good. I'll 
send through our initial suggestions, Nav, and then 
you can opine on top of that, that'd be great. 
<0.220.gif> 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York 
NY 10154 
Tel. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109398 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255582 
EFTA01452407

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452408.pdf
----------------------------------------
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109400 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255584 
EFTA01452408

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452409.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 4:47:59 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E stein "eevacation@gmail.corn) 
CC:
Paul Morris ■
Subject: 
Final Trade Report 2/3/14 [CI 
Attachments: pic1.1500.gif; pic01564.gif; pic22046.gif; pic15699.gif; pic01077.gif 
Vahe Stepanian 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey -
Total on the day, you executed the following: 
S 16,200 DAG at 56.8553 
B 79,000 Citi K fixed-to-float Pfd at 525.2491 
Leaves 14,934 on the DAG. The citi pfds - ok to book that in Haze? 
Best, 
Tazia 
From: 
Tazia smi th/db/dbcom 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacati on@gmai I .cono4DEUBAINT, 
Cc: 
Paul Morris, vahe stepani an/db/dbcom@DBArne ri cas 
Date: 
02/03/2014 03:32 PM 
Subject: 
Trade update 2/3/14 [C] 
classification: confidential 
Jeffrey -
Thus far today you have executed the following: 
B 79,000 Citi K fixed-to-float Pfd at 525.2491 
Be Back, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11500.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. +1 
Fax +1 
Mobile +1 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109401 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255585 
EFTA01452409

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452410.pdf
----------------------------------------
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01564.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia smith 
Date: 
02/03/2014 02:19 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Citi K fixed-to-float... [C] 
2milliojn 
On Mon, Feb 3, 2014 at 2:14 PM, Tazia Smith 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey -
will be back with complete thoughts on all of the below, but given nice 
pullback today, some highlights (potentially timely entry points) are 
popping up, for one: 
Consider buying some of the Citi K fixed to floats today. 
They went ex-div today (50c) and are trading +525.25 (down 45c). As you 
know, they're fixed at 6.875% and float in '23 at 3moL +413bps. One 
quarterly coupon and you've recouped the moderate premium to par 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22046.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic15699.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01077.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
TaZia Smith 
Paul Morris/ 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109402 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255586 
EFTA01452410

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452411.pdf
----------------------------------------
Inline image 1 
fr011fifilifufettatilreckftle**************Irfehh**01
.efifitrli0.**************TIP 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
*****************************************Irirstfele*Irirtr*****#4** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109403 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255587 
EFTA01452411

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452412.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109405 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255589 
EFTA01452412

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452413.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 4:47:59 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E stein 'eevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
• Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Final Trade Report 2/3/14 ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Total on the day. you executed the following: 
S 16,200 DAG at 56.8553 
B 79,000 Citi K fixed-to-float Pfd at $25.2491 
Leaves 14,934 on the DAG. The Citi pfds - ok to book that in Haze? 
Best, 
Tazia 
From 
Tazia SmitlVdeldbcom 
To- 
Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacationegmail.com>ODEUBAINT•
Cc: 
Paul Morns. Vahe Stcpaniaml 
Date 
02/0312014 03:32 PM 
Subluct. 
Trade Update 213/14 IC] 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Thus far today you have executed the following: 
B 79,000 Citi K fixed-to-float Pfd at 525.2491 
Be Back, 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Caen* Penner* • US 
Deutsche Bank Beelines Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109409 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255593 
EFTA01452413

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452414.pdf
----------------------------------------
IC 6 i 
12/31/49 S 
t 
l."25 . 230 %25.250 N 
v25 
EX° 
At 13:57   177,757  25.300   25.320 
25.200 
  4.487M 
Save As 
Actions 
V) Edit • 
Table 
mo volume 
Line Chart 
IT" 
"-"t" 
'WM" 
1Y 
J: 
v 
ity V 
Saca:eity,'Sr...?ty
-4. Track 
te. Annotate ' 
News 
Zoom 
on Last Price 
25.250 
I High on 01/22/14 25.890 
Average 
25.243 
L 1 Low on 10/30/13 24.870 
Evert 
25.800 
25.600 
25A00 
U. 
25.000 
24.800 
• Volume 
0.17811 
II
a  il l nano
: 
SMAVG:(15) 1.077M 
no.
Oct 31 
Nov 15 
Nov 29 
Dec 16 
Dec 31 
Jan 15 
Jan 31 
2013 
I 
2014 
5M 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Chord Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8. Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Flow 
New Y 
Y 1 1 
Tel. +1 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Pagiritrk.fr ePe4tritt, 
From. 
Jeffrey Epstein loeveadionekimailborrn•
To. 
Tabs $mth't
 Pala Mona 
Date: 
02/02120140B:59 PM 
Subject: 
peroertages get a mad from your team 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109411 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255595 
EFTA01452414

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452415.pdf
----------------------------------------
2.50 
Etuatv 
Bristol Myers 
Pfizer 
2.50 
Merck 
S 
2.50 
Valeant 
1.50 
Actavrs 
S 
150 
Gilead 
1.50 
Mylan 
S 
1.00 
Endo Health 
S 
1.00 
FICA 
S 
0.50 
Rile Aid 
0.50 
Sub Total 
15.00 
Energy 
Equity 
Eneroy Rena isa nce Theme 
S 15.0C 
Sub Total 
Financials  
Equity 
Bank of America 
S 
3.00 
F Had-to-Float Preferreds' (ODI Eligible' 
JPM 6.75%. BBB. callable 2024 
3.00 
Cil - K 6.875% BEI+. callable 2023 
3.00 
Morgan Stanley - F 8.875%, BB+, callable 2024 
2.00 
Ally - B B.50%. B. callable 2016 
1.00 
Sub Total 
9.00 
Fixed Income 
Agency Interest Only Mortgages 5% Coupon 
S 
5.00 
Agency Interest Only Mortgages 4.5% Coupon 
5.00 
Sub Total 
10.00 
Tidal 
00 
Europe 
Equity Recovery 
Consumer 
Carrefour 
S 
1.50 
Financial 
intesa Sanoaolo 
S 
1.50 
Auto 
Volkswagen 
1.50 
Advertent/ 
JC Decaux 
S 
1.50 
Staffing 
Adecco 
S 
1.50 
Insurance 
Gnico Catalan 
0.50 
Heaklicare 
Rothe Hold nos 
1.00 
Energy 
Total 
1.00 
Sub Total 
10.00 
Floosie's% Samar Note 
10.00 
Tow 
S 20.00 
Japan 
  Equity 
Financials 
Sumitomo 
S 
0.50 
Insurance 
Mitsui Fudosan 
S 
0.50 
Daiichi Ufa 
0.50 
Consumer 
Seven and I 
S 
0.50 
Unicharrn 
0.50 
Exporters 
Sumitomo Electric 
0.50 
Toyota 
S 
0.50 
Japan Tobacco 
S 
0.50 
Mach, 
0.50 
Advertising 
Dentsu 
S 
0.50 
Sub Total 
S 
5.00 
TOPIX Delta One Note 
7.00 
Foreign Exchange 
Long USD / Short Yon 155 hedge. 58 sat) 
13.00 
Total 
20.00 
Arens
Credit 
Watford Re: 
S 
800 
Total 
S 
5.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109412 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255596 
EFTA01452415

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452416.pdf
----------------------------------------
****************************** 
********* 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation@amail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacationestnnail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109413 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255597 
EFTA01452416

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452417.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Nay Gupta 
SeM: 
2/3/2014 4:55:51 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Tazia Smith 
; Vinit Sahni 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
Got it Paul. Thx 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 21:45, "Paul Moths" <
:)- wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Watford Re looks like a new hedge fund with bermuda reinsurance wrapper started by 
Highbridge/Arch capital, don't know what type guess credit or long/short 
i have not talked with him about energy renissance but likely liquid equities across producers or 
secondary beneficiaries (e.g. auto, chemicals), JP has created a basket recently focused on this 
theme 
Paul Moths 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office 
Cell: 
Nav Gupta—02/03/2014 04:37:15 PM---What risk is in energy renaissance theme and Watford 
re. Thx 
From: Nay Gupta/db/dbcom@DBEMEA 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcomigdbamericas. 
Cc: 
Vinit Sahni/db/dbcomfitdbemea. Paul Morris/db/dbcomliAbamericas 
Dale: 
02/03/2014 04:37 PM 
Subject:Re: percentages get a read from your tcam [CI 
What risk is in energy renaissance theme and Watford re. 
Thx 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 20:58, "Tazia Smith" 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Sounds good. I'll send through our initial suggestions, Nay, and then you can opine on 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109414 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255598 
EFTA01452417

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452418.pdf
----------------------------------------
On 3 Feb 2014, at 18:19, "Tazia Smith" 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Hello Vinit & Nav -
Paul and I spoke with JE this morning. This a proposal, from 
him, of putting —100mm to work. I'm putting together some 
suggested tweaks on a few pieces (ex additional companies in 
japan, detail on the energy piece), and pricing, etc. Clearly 
always love your input as well Team! Please let me know 
if/when you have a moment to discuss, thanks! Also, recognize 
this is helpful in scaling ideas. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 02/03/2014 01:14 PM 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <eevacation r 
ail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/d 
, Paul Morris/ 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08: 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
<0.9E4.png> 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109416 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255600 
EFTA01452418

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452419.pdf
----------------------------------------
may 
constitute inside information, and is intended 
only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255601 
DB-SDNY-0109417 
EFTA01452419

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452420.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vinit Sahni 
Sent: 
2/3/2014 5:24:40 PM 
To: 
Nay Gupta 
CC: 
Tazia Smith 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [CI 
It's very clear with today's price action that the street appetite for risk is very limited and very little liquidation 
has happened. We see some bottom fishing but the size is very small as value investors not convinced. There is 
a true disconnect between the inflation and growth and that is reflected in pricing power. The market needs to 
re-evaluate this. I suspect we will see some pullback but the market will remain fragile. We need to still look for 
areas where true value exists. 
Vinit 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 21:07, "Nav Gupta" <
::" wrote: 
Great - Will Analyze in detail tomorrow and revert 
Nav 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 20:55, "Vinit Sahni" st:
> wrote: 
Hi tazia - am out of office tomorrow. Happy to discuss later in the eve tomorrow. 
Nav can u p1s help and we can discus in the eve 
Thanks 
Vinit 
On 3 Feb 2014, at 18:19, "Tana Smith" -,z
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Hello Vinit & Nav -
Paul and I spoke with JE this morning. This a proposal, from him, 
of putting —100mm to work. I'm putting together some suggested 
tweaks on a few pieces (ex additional companies in japan, detail on 
the energy piece), and pricing, etc. Clearly always love your input 
as well Team! Please let me know if/when you have a moment to 
discuss, thanks! Also, recognize this is helpful in scaling ideas. 
Best, 
Tazia 
— Fonvardcd by Tazia Smithidb/dbcom on 02/03/2014 01:14 PM --
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacationeit mails in> 
To: 
Tazia Smi 
Paul morri 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109418 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255602 
EFTA01452420

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452421.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
<0.9E4.png> 
************************************************ 
*********** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109419 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255603 
EFTA01452421

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452422.pdf
----------------------------------------
additional companies in japan, detail on the energy piece), and pricing, etc. 
Clearly always love your input as well Team! Please let me know if/when you 
have a moment to discuss, thanks! Also, recognize this is helpful in scaling ideas. 
Best, 
Tazia 
— Forwarded by Tazia StnitWdb/dbcom on 02/03/2014 01:14 PM --
Flom: 
Jeffrey Epstein <icevacationtiamail,corn>
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@JDBAMERICAS, Paul Morris/db/dbcom'OBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: percentages get a mad from your team 
<0.9E4.png> 
********************************************************** 
* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation(Mgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109421 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255605 
EFTA01452422

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452423.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Valuations System 
SeM: 
2/3/2014 6:10:40 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cot hron 
• Paul Monis 
Tazia 
Smith 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL U.0 as at 3 Feb 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140203_20140204_1.pdf; 182298_20140203_20140204_1 csv 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Rank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. 
Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_statement_-_Ektift_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140203_20140204_1 
53054280 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109422 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255606 
EFTA01452423

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452424.pdf
----------------------------------------
67411" 
... 
  : 77471,Thin
-n-
,i21,,:.1.11MOMOIRMIF 
SOUTHERN
Paps 
r .. 
. 
e 
03Feb 2014 
Of 2 
Dadochs !MACAO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Itt;Oemes 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364435E 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
20.10..7.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1.0:0 030 CV, 
USD 
101.030.000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
101 0003 
: 'xi 7(.67.:6) 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364435/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-NIA-2014 
(21.00000) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELFtCPEAN 
0.0000 
16.237 20 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
36i6364438/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21.Nov.2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
121.0..X.I00; 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
14,294 77 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3667364436/ 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(21.030 001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
12.49148 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.01 X000) 
USD 
11.003.003.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRODEAN 
CALL 
1,100D 
;175 843 82i 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-44%2014 
21-Apr.2014 
110.003.03300J 
USD 
11.300.00D00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1303 
5392783 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
3813885414/ 
SOUTHER1 
FXOPTION 
31-Jan-2014 
01.May-2014 
07.May-2014 
(10000036Q 
USD 
1,025,000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EURCPEAN 
CALL 
102 5000 
64.79081 
745230011 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
,:;,,.. :IV :':.cf: 
Edith 
(50;807.59) 
Statement ID: 18229820140203_20140204_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109424 
SDNY_GM_00255608 
EFTA01452424

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452425.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/4/2014 2:32:24 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140204 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/03/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,762,906.08 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
227,980.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
NES, LLC 
D 
112.88-
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109426 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255610 
EFTA01452425

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452426.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Nay Gupta 
Sent: 
2/4/2014 11:29:22 AM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Paul Morris -; 
Vinit Sahni 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
any idea whats inside the eurostoxx barrier note? 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS 
To: 
vinit Sahni/db/dbcom@OBEMEA, Nay Gupta/db/dbcom@DBEMEA, 
Cc: 
Paul Morris 
Date: 
03/02/2014 18:19 
Subject: 
Fw: percentages get a read from your team (C) 
Classification: confidential 
Hello Vinit & Nay -
Paul and I spoke with JE this morning. This a proposal, from him, of putting 
—100mm to work. I'm putting together some suggested tweaks on a few pieces 
(ex additional companies in japan, detail on the energy piece), and pricing, 
etc. clearly always love your input as well Team! Please let me know if/when 
you have a moment to discuss, thanks! Also, recognize this is helpful in 
scaling ideas. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Forwarded by Tazia smith/db/dbcom on 02/03/2014 01:14 PM 
From: 
7effrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Paul Morris/db/dbcomODBAMEBICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
**44******************************************************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109427 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255611 
EFTA01452426

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452427.pdf
----------------------------------------
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109428 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255612 
EFTA01452427

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452428.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/4/2014 12:58:26 PM 
To: 
Vinit Sahni 
; Nav Gupta [
j; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: percentages get a read from your team IC) 
Attachments: pic25366.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
- Have some recommendations for modifications to the equity baskets 
(Healthcare, Financials, Europe, Japan)* 
- would like to see 5-10% in Tech in US -> take 5% from mortgages, possibly 
2-5% from europe and/or 2-5% from energy 
- PO vs. I0 in mortgages? 5% down from 10% (will speak with traders on 
existing plus opportunistic entry) 
- Add the near-term short crude trade to the energy allocation, 2% 
*details to follow. example 1: 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25366.gif) 
Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 02/04/2014 10:30 AM 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAs, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
************************Afir*********Sefek*Askit*hksk************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109429 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255613 
EFTA01452428

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452429.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
2/4/2014 1 23 09 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
 I; Amanda Kirby 
Tazia Smith 
j; CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Subject: 
Margin Call from DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157) to SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC (8032932) for USD 130,000.00 
Attachments: ExposureStatementReport_SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC (8032932)_413614_20140204131641144.xls; 
Call_SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC (8032932)_413614_20140204131641667.pdf 
I; Kevin Quinn I 
Please find attached: 
Margin Call from DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157) to SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC (8032932) for USD 130,000.00 
This email has been sent by DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157). 
Please look at the following attachments 
53114307 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109431 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255615 
EFTA01452429

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452430.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157) 
5022 Gate Parkway, Bldg 400, Jacksonville FL 32256 
Tel: 
Fax: 
To: SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC (8032932 
Email: 
Today's Date: 04-Feb-2014 
COB Date: 03-Feb-2014 
Action Required: Deliver USD 130,000.00 to DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157) 
This document Is confidential, unauthorized use is forbidden. Please destroy if you are not the addressee. 
We refer to the CSA New York Law (the "Credit Support Annex') between DEUTSCHE BANK AG (157) and SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL, LLC (8032932) which supplements, forms part of and is subject to the 2002 ISDA Master entered into between us. 
Capitalized terms used in this notice and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning provided in the Credit Support Annex. 
Independent Amounts related to us 
0.00 
0.00 
Independent Amounts related to you 
242,666.00 
0.00 
Exposure 
-50,607.59 
0.00 
Threshold 
0.00 
Infinity 
Minimum Transfer Amount 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
Credit Support Amount 
191,660.41 
0.00 
Value of current Credit Support Balance or all 
sled Credit Support transferred to or received 
by us 
0.00 
0.00 
Value of cash and/or securities transferred 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex but pending 
receipt 
63,002.20 
0.00 
Value of current Credit Support Balance or all 
posted Credit Support transferred to or received 
by you 
0.00 
0.00 
Value of cash and/or securities transferred 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex but pending 
delivery 
0.00 
0.00 
Delivery Amount 
130,000.00 
0.00 
Return Amount 
0.00 
0.00 
Rounding 
10,000.00 
10,000.00 
As of 04-Feb-2014 we have determined that, as set out in this demand, we require you to transfer to us cash and/or securities (if 
applicable) which comply with the criteria specified in the Credit Support Annex with a Value equal to USD 130,000.00 in 
accordance with the provisions of, and by the date and time specified in, the Credit Support Annex. Our calculations are set out in 
the table above for your reference. 
Any financial information mans valuations, including information which could be uicil to obtain such valuations, contained in this notice are provided to you for the purposes of 
collateral management with Daitsche Bank Group (138) only and do not nzposcnt a a alustkm by DI3 for any other purpose. 'Ilw financial information and or valuations should not 
be relied upon or used by you for any other purpose DR shall not be liable for any cures or imnisiions contained herein or for any losses or damages incurred by you in reliance on 
this notice. We also refer you to the disclaimer mcluded cm the Collateral Statementi prua idi.N1 by 1)13 for further dctaili of the limitation of our liability in this regard. 
dbMargin 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 1/2 
DB-SDNY-0 109433 
SDNY_GM_00255617 
EFTA01452430

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452431.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109436 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255620 
EFTA01452431

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452432.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Navf3upta 
Sent: 
2/4/2014 2:02:34 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
j; Vinit Sahni 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: percentages get a rea 
om your team [C] 
Attachments: pic25425.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
against JE's short oil personally id buy a Sy 5-10% OTM call on WTI as a hedge 
because the vol is low and the fwds are are too steep. For the record i like 
being short oil but itrs over-priced by the fwds. what structure did you come 
up with? 
i agree with 50% us exposure. us asset convexity to growth is higher than 
other countries 
i would suggest some levered exposure to the FX of countries at the front of 
the hiking cycle relative to those still easing 
Long GBP, USD, 
short AUD, NZD, CAD (which he already has), 
Am neutral EUR (ECB is cutting rates but real money and reserve managers are 
underweight EUR and overweight USD) 
European credit - there are european bank coco bonds (hybrid bonds that pay 
high cpns provided bank tierl capita ratios dont fall below a certain level). 
while they are perpetual, some have highly likely call features in 4y. see the 
BBVA in USD i sent details on earlier. short duration high spread makes sense 
but id hold off on buying they may cheapen into supply over the next cpl mths. 
def to watch 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db 
To: 
vinit Sahni 
Nay Gupt 
, Paul Morris, 
Date: 
04/02/2014 17:58 
Subject: 
Fw: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
classification: confidential 
- Have some recommendations for modifications to the equity baskets 
(Healthcare, Financials, Europe, Japan)* 
- would like to see 5-10% in Tech in us -> take 5% from mortgages, possibly 
2-5% from europe and/or 2-5% from energy 
- PO vs. IO in mortgages? 5% down from 10% (will speak with traders on 
existing plus opportunistic entry) 
- Add the near-term short crude trade to the energy allocation, 2% 
*details to follow. example 1: 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25425.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia smith/db/dbcom on 02/04/2014 10:30 AM 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/ 
Paul Morris 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109437 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255621 
EFTA01452432

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452433.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
Vitratitfriasfe**4120fuketrti0f:PAAtribtek*VrAtribfeb*frafthigiltelatfttiA*ItefilerOAWItefift 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109438 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255622 
EFTA01452433

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452434.pdf
----------------------------------------
US 
Healthca re    
Propsed 
Updated Current 
Total 
Equity 
Bristol Myers 
$ 
2.50 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Pfizer 
$ 
2.50 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Merck 
$ 
2.50 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Valeant 
$ 
1.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Actavis 
$ 
1.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Gilead 
$ 
1.50 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Mylan 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Endo Health 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
HCA 
$ 
030 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Rite Aid 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
Ariad 
$ 
0.10 
$ 
0.10 
Biogen 
$ 
0.40 
$ 
0.W 
$ 
1.00 
Sangamo Biosciences 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Agerion 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
Foundation Medical 
$ 
0.70 
$ 
0.70 
CVS 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Sub Total 
$ 15.00 
$ 15.40 
$ 
2.40 
$ 17.80 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109439 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255623 
EFTA01452434

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452435.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Tazia Smith 
2/4/2014 
PM 
Nay Gupt 
Vinit Sahni 
Re: Fw: percentages get a read from your team (C) 
pic17160.gif; pic14741.gif; pic09327.gif; pic14796.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17160.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14741.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director 
I
Key Client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
IMO 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic09327.gif) 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
Subject: 
Nay Gupta 
Tazia smit 
Paul Morris 
Vinit Sahni 
02/04/2014 02:02 PM 
Re: Fw: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Paul Morris 
against JE's short oil personally id buy a Sy 5-10% OTM call on WTI as a hedge 
because the vol is low and the fwds are are too steep. For the record i like 
being short oil but itrs over-priced by the fwds. what structure did you come 
up with? 
i agree with S0% us exposure. us asset convexity to growth is higher than 
other countries 
i would suggest some levered exposure to the FX of countries at the front of 
the hiking cycle relative to those still easing 
Long GBP, USD, 
Short AUD, NZD, CAD (which he already has), 
Am neutral EUR (ECB is cutting rates but real money and reserve managers are 
underweight EUR and overweight USD) 
European credit - there are european bank coco bonds (hybrid bonds that pay 
high cpns provided bank tierl capita ratios dont fall below a certain level). 
while they are perpetual, some have highly likely call features in 4y. See the 
BBVA in USD i sent details on earlier. short duration high spread makes sense 
but id hold off on buying they may cheapen into supply over the next cpl mths. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109440 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255624 
EFTA01452435

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452436.pdf
----------------------------------------
def to watch 
From: 
Tazia Smith 
To: 
visit Sahn 
Nay Gupta 
Date: 
04/02/2014 17:58 
Subject: 
Fw: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
classification: confidential 
Paul Morris, 
- Have some recommendations for modifications to the equity baskets 
(Healthcare, Financials, Europe, Japan)* 
- would like to see 5-10% in Tech in us -> take 5% from mortgages, possibly 
2-5% from europe and/or 2-5% from energy 
- PO vs. I0 in mortgages? 5% down from 10% (will speak with traders on 
existing plus opportunistic entry) 
- Add the near-term short crude trade to the energy allocation, 2% 
*details to follow. example 1: 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14796.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia smith_on 
02/04/2014 10:30 AM 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia smit 
Paul Morris 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
deitrietriNtrfeir*Afitrile*dtrAgielle*Atritrgieft*Attitrfe*A.****15144**********0***** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109441 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255625 
EFTA01452436

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452437.pdf
----------------------------------------
US 
Healthcare 
Energy Renaissance 
Financials 
Tech 
S&P Barrier Note 
Europe 
Single Stocks 
Eurostoxx Barrier Note 
Japan 
Single Stocks 
Topix Swap (or Delta 1) 
Short Yen (premium) 
FX - Tactical (premium). 
Alternatives 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109442 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255626 
EFTA01452437

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452438.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109443 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255627 
EFTA01452438

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452439.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith [tazia.smith@db.com] 
Sent: 
2/4/2014 3:25:42 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Vinit Sahni 
Stepanian 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [C) 
Attachments: pic03695.gif; pic03349.gif; pic26784.gif; pic20926.gif 
classification: confidential 
Nay Gupta 
Vahe 
Jeffrey -
summary below takes into account the DE team's feedback. we agree with 
overall themes. commentary here, further implementation detail below and to 
follow: 
- specific recommendations for modifications to the thematic baskets (Please 
see Healthcare detailed below -back with specifics on each level) 
- Propose allocation to us Tech equity (cognizant though that you have private 
equity investments) 
- Propose additional opportunistic FX exposure (trades like your short CAD) 
- Energy renaissance will include trades on crude, in addition to equities 
that are beneficiaries of secular shift in underlying energy supply, and 
supply chains (not just the nat gas theme in the US, but also companies like 
Hannon Armstrong (HASI) that finance energy efficiency) 
- We are reviewing PO v IC) mortgages with rates where they are. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03695.gif) 
- NOt a typo on Proposed total of 105; original just didn't include the single 
names in Japan 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03349.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26784.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Sank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. +1 
Fax +1 
Mobile +1 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20926tgif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationalgmai 1 .cont> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, Paul Morris/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: 
percentages get a read from your team 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109446 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255630 
EFTA01452439

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452440.pdf
----------------------------------------
US 
Proposed Suaest
Healthcare 
Energy Renaissance 
Financials 
-10 
Tech 
+5 
S&P Barrier Note 
r 
r5 
Europe 
Single Stocks 
-5 
European Credit 
r 
+10 
Eurostom Barrier Note 
r 
-5 
Japan 
Single Stocks 
TopixSwap (or Delta 1) 
Short Yen (premium) 
FX -Tactical teremiurnk 
r 
'6.10 
Alternatives 
it 
-7 
105 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109448 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255632 
EFTA01452440

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452441.pdf
----------------------------------------
Healthcare 
Equity 
Bristol Myers 
Pfizer 
Merck 
thorned 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
Updated 
$ 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
Current 
Total 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
2.00 
Valeant 
1.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Actayis 
1.50 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Gilead 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
Mylan 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Endo Health 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
HCA 
0.50 
1.00 
1.00 
Rite Aid 
0.50 
0.50 
0.50 
Foundation Medical 
$ 
0.70 
0.70 
Ariad 
S 
0.10 
0.10 
Sangamo Biosciences 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Sieger! 
0.50 
$ 
0.60 
1.10 
Ager inn 
$ 
0.50 
0.50 
M/S 
1.00 
1.00 
Sub Total 
$ 
15.00 
15.00 $ 
2.40 
$ 
17.40 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109449 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255633 
EFTA01452441

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452442.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109450 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255634 
EFTA01452442

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452443.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109451 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255635 
EFTA01452443

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452444.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smit 
Sent: 
2/4/2014 3:25:42 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Vinit Sahni 
Stepanian 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a rea rom your team (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
; Nay Gupta 
Vahe 
Summary below takes into account the DB team's feedback. We agree with overall themes. Commentary here, further 
implementation detail below and to follow: 
- Specific recommendations for modifications to the thematic baskets (Please see Healthcare detailed below -back with 
specifics on each level) 
- Propose allocation to US Tech equity (cognizant though that you have private equity investments) 
- Propose additional opportunistic FX exposure (trades like your short CAD) 
- Energy renaissance will include trades on crude, in addition to equities that are beneficiaries of secular shift in underlying 
energy supply, and supply chains (not just the nat gas theme in the US, but also companies like Hannon Armstrong 
(HASI) that finance energy efficiency) 
- We are reviewing PO v 1O mortgages with rates where they are. 
2.1 
Proposed 
*.inest 
Healthcare 
Energy Renaissance 
Financials 
-10 
Tech 
r 
•5 
S&P Barrier Note 
-5 
Europe 
Single Stocks 
.5 
European Credit 
r 
.10 
Eurostoxx Barrier Nate 
.5 
Japan 
Single Stocks 
Topix Swap for Delta 1) 
Short Yen (premium) 
-8 
-8 
EX -Tactical [premium( 
• 
+10 
Alternatives 
• 
-7 
105 
100 
Not a typo on Proposed total of 105: original just didn't include the single names in Japan 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109452 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255636 
EFTA01452444

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452445.pdf
----------------------------------------
Equity 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
Now York, NY 10164 
Tel. +1ina 
Fax •1 
Mobile 
Email 
PiA2SiO-Pcita ger°len-
  Tow 
Bristol Myers 
2.50 
S 
2.00 
2.00 
Pfizer 
2.50 
2.00 
2.00
Merck 
$ 
2.50 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Valliant 
1.50 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Actavis 
$ 
1.50 
1.00 
1.00 
Gilead 
1.50 
1.50 
$ 
1.50 
Mylan 
$ 
1.00 
S 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Endo Health 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
HCA 
0.50
$ 
1.00 
1.00
Rita Aid 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
0.50 
Foundation Medical 
$ 
0.70 
S 
0.70 
Mad 
0.10 
0.10 
Sangamo Biosciences 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
Blow
0.50 
0.60 
1.10
Agerion 
0.50 
S 
0.50 
CVS 
1.00 
1.00 
Sub Total 
15.00 
S 
15.00 $ 
2.40 
S 
17.40 
From. 
Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation,gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia SmithMIK 
Paul Mords/db 
Date: 
02/02/2014 Gess PM 
Subject: 
percentages get a mad from your team 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109453 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255637 
EFTA01452445

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452446.pdf
----------------------------------------
US 
Healthcare 
Equity 
Best°. Myers 
Pfizer 
S 
50 
$ 
tiC 
Marne 
50 
Valeant 
S 
150 
AMY'S 
$ 
Gilboa 
$ 
Mylan 
S
Endo Health 
FICA 
$ 
56 
Rio AM 
S 
C 
Sub Total 
15.00 
Energy 
Equity 
Lit only Renabence Thome 
S 15 00 
Sub Total 
Financials 
Equity 
Bank of America 
$ 
30 
Fixed.to-Float Preferreds• (QM Eligible) 
PM 6.75%. BBB, catiobe 2024 
$ 
3.00 
Cal- K 8.875% BB... callable 2023 
$ 
3.00 
Morton Stanley • F 8.875%. 88•. callable 2024 
200 
Ally- B 5.5016. B. callable 2016 
$ 
1.00 
Sub Total 
9.00 
Fixed Income 
Agency Interest Only Mortgages 5% Coupon 
S 
500 
Agorcy interest Only Mortgages 4.5% Coupon 
S 
00 
Sub Total 
S 10.00 
I Dial 
S 
Ou 
Europe 
Equity Recovery 
Consumer 
Carucci., 
S 
50 
Financial 
'Mesa Sanpaolo 
1.50 
Auto 
Vo*swagon 
S 
1.50 
AcNertisino 
JC Gems 
1.50 
Stamp 
Meow 
S 
1.50 
insurance 
Grupo Catalano 
0.50 
Healthcare 
Roche Holdings 
S 
00 
Energy 
Total 
00 
Sub Total 
10.00 
Eurostoxx Darner Note 
10.00 
Total 
20.00 
Japan 
Equity 
Sumitomo 
0.50 
rt.L",i"LC 
Mitsui Fuclosen 
0.50 
Galen Life 
0.50 
Consumer 
Seven end I 
$ 
0.50 
Unrcharm 
0.50 
Exporters 
Sumitomo Electric 
0.50 
Toyota 
0.50 
Japan Tobacco 
S 
0.50 
Htachi 
0.50 
Advertising 
Dental' 
0.50 
Sub Total 
5.00 
rOPIX Della One Note 
7.00 
Foreign Exchange 
Lung USD: Short Yen ($5 hedge. $5 spec) 
13.00 
Total 
S 20 3C 
Alternatives 
Credit  
Watford Re: 
30 
Total 
$ 
8.00 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109454 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255638 
EFTA01452446

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452447.pdf
----------------------------------------
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109455 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255639 
EFTA01452447

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452448.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein ICI 
2/4/2014 4:49:29 PM 
Classification: Confidential 
thx Lesley, lets try to make that work, i'll come back to you 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 1 1 4 
Office: 
Cell: 
Plum. 
Lesley Groff c
t• 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date 
02104/2014 04.39PM 
1,Aett 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Paul...Jeffrey wanted me to relay to you he will be in Paris Feb. 11-20....perhaps we 
could organize some meetings during this time period? 
Lesley 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109456 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255640 
EFTA01452448

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452449.pdf
----------------------------------------
e an 
raup 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
Request 182298 
As of 04 Feb 14 
Fib 2014 
Page 
Of 2 
Daubaohe Bank AO 
SOUTHERN RNANCIAL, LLC 
Ri•OptIons 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-No0-2013 
20-Nov2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1,0:0 030 CO) 
USD 
101.030000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
;3.:i 436%! 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHER! 
FX OPTION 
21-Nat-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0003 
1607481 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov2014 
25-flow2014 
(21.Ct.X.I 00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.000D 
1419450 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHER! 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21930 001, 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EIRCPEAN 
0.0003 
1244701 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10,01 X000) 
USD 
11,003,003.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCKAN 
CALL 
1,100D 
flea 61722j 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apv2014 
21ApE2014 
110J:0303300J 
USD 
11.300003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
50450.50 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
31-.1an-2014 
01.May-2014 
07.May-2014 
(10000000 CO) 
USD 
1025000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
ELEtCPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
(1 48.190 17) 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(274 2/6 16) 
Taint 
(274,278.16) 
Statement ID : 182298_20140204_20140205_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109459 
SDNY_GM_00255643 
EFTA01452449

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452450.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/5/2014 2:32:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140205 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/04/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,505,852.04 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
227,980.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
PORT, INC 
M 
.00 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/04/14 
ACCT # 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
NES, LLC 
100,000.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109461 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255645 
EFTA01452450

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452451.pdf
----------------------------------------
in Europe. In uS, it will go generic in 2015. There is a step-down function 
of the royalty payments over three years according to mgmt. 
valuation & risks - Gilead still remains our top pick in large cap 
We value GILD at 5132/sh using 17x 2015 multiple (10% discount to its 
biotech peers due to patent cliff on base biz). Our new '15 EPS is $7.75/sh. 
Risks: weak sovaldi launch, poor base biz performance 
Please click on below link for full report: 
http://pull.db-gmresearch.com/p/442-7cA3/21291538/0900b8c087e1098b.pdf 
Regards, 
EVS Equity Focus 
Telephone: +91-124-4622312 - 19 
Please ensure all mails are also sent to our shared inbox 
evs.equityfocus@db.com to avoid getting overlooked. 
This email is sent to you by Evalueserve on behalf of Deutsche Bank 
Diese email wurde Ihnen von Evalueserve im Auftrag der Deutschen Bank 
gesendet 
For additional Deutsche Bank research, visit our web site: 
http://gm.db.com/equities 
Please refer to the disclaimer that applies to the research attached in this 
email. 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you 
are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31653.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche 
Deutsche 
345 Park 
New 
Tel 
Fax 
mobil 
Email 
Bank Securities Inc 
Asset & wealth Management 
Avenue, 26th Floor 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14201.gif) 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109464 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255648 
EFTA01452451

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452452.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109466 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255650 
EFTA01452452

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452453.pdf
----------------------------------------
This email is sent to you by Evalueserve on behalf of Deutsche Bank 
Diese email wurde lhnen von Evalueserve im Auftrag der Deutschen Bank gesendet 
For additional Deutsche Bank research, visit our web site: http://qm.db.com/equities 
Please refer to the disclaimer that applies to the research attached in this email. 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-
mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/contentleu disclosures.htm for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Tazia Smith 
Director l Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobil a 
Email 
Peitnift4trgefonvt. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109474 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255658 
EFTA01452453

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452454.pdf
----------------------------------------
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109475 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255659 
EFTA01452454

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452455.pdf
----------------------------------------
ADP report came in light this morning at +175k v 185k cons, as you saw, payrolls catalyst on 
Friday. For US exposure on pullback and jump-up in volatility, consider (proposed percentages = 
5.0): 
S&P Current: 
8O%: 
1742 
1394 
Russell 2000 Current: 
1086 
80%: 
868 
13mo Contingent Minimum Return Worst-of Note (S&P 500 and Russell 2000): 
WoF SPX/RTY 
8% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
29.30% Cap 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement, source: DB AWM Structured Solutions, 2/5/14. 
Europe 
Note: your current Eurostoxx Contingent Note matures 8/26/14, cont min was 4%, cap was 17%, 
barrier was 70% (1935). A direct comp to your existing structure is currently not pricing well (10.0 on 
proposed sheet, 5.0 on suggested). Combining US and European views improves the terms and 
upside participation: 
SX5E Current: 
2962 
8O%: 
2369 
13mo Contingent Minimum Return Worst-of Note (Eurostoxx50 and Russell 2000): 
WoF SX5E/RTY 
11.5% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
uncapped 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement, source: DB AWM Structured Solutions, 2/5/14. 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109477 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255661 
EFTA01452455

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452456.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/5/2014 2:57:42 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Barrier Notes IC) 
Attachments: pic05273.gif; pic01798.gif; pic17520.gif; pic21653.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Yes, do NOT like those first two (there for evidence that SZSE is not pricing 
great). If you're willing to combine a bullish uS and European equity view, I 
DO like: 
13mo Contingent Minimum Return Worst-of Note (EurostoxxSO and Russell 2000): 
WoF SX5E/RTY 
11.5% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
uncapped upside 
100% max loss 
And if you want to keep a note regionally focused, then in the uS, these 
barrier levels look attractive: 
13mo Contingent minimum Return worst-of Note (S&P 500 and Russell 2000): 
WOF SPX/RTY 
8% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
29.30% capped upside 
100% max loss 
S&P Current: 
80%: 
Russell 2000 Current: 
80%: 
SXSE Current: 
80%: 
1742 
1394 
1086 
868 
2962 
2369 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05273.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
I
Key client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01798.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationagmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia smith 
Paul Morris/ 
Date: 
02/05/2014 01:57 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109479 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255663 
EFTA01452456

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452457.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Re: Barrier Notes [C] 
streange risk reward 
donpt you think 
On wed, Feb 5, 2014 at 12:41 PM, Tazia Smith <
> wrote: 
classification: confidential 
Jeffrey - 
This is for comparative purposes, as the worst-of component (previously 
sent/below) improves pricing a quite a bit at present. 13mo on SXSE by 
itself is a non-starter! 
*1 - 13mo Contingent Minimum Return 
SXSE 
4% cont min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
6% cap 
max loss: 100% 
*2 - 2yr Contingent Minimum Return 
SXSE 
10% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
17% cap 
max loss: 100% 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement, source: DB AWM 
Structured Solutions, 2/5/14. 
From Tazia Smith/db/M 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com, 
CC: 
Paul morris vahe 
stepanian 
/ 
, vinit sahni/db/
 Nov 
Gupta/db 
Date 02/05/2014 11:49 AM 
Subj Barrier Notes [C] 
ect: 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
US 
ADP report came in light this morning at +175k v 185k cons, as you saw, 
payrolls catalyst on Friday. For US exposure on pullback and jump-up in 
volatility, consider (proposed percentages = 5.0): 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109480 
SDNY_GM_00255664 
EFTA01452457

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452458.pdf
----------------------------------------
SW Current: 
80%: 
Russell 2000 Current: 
80%: 
1742 
1394 
1086 
868 
13mo Contingent Minimum Return worst-of Note (SW 500 and Russell 2000): 
woF SPX/RTY 
8% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
29.30% Cap 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement, source: DB AWM 
Structured Solutions, 2/5/14. 
Europe 
Note: your current Eurostoxx Contingent Note matures 8/26/14, cont min was 
4%, cap was 17%, barrier was 70% (1935). A direct comp to your existing 
structure is currently not pricing well (10.0 on proposed sheet, 5.0 on 
suggested). Combining US and European views improves the terms and upside 
participation: 
SX5E Current: 
2962 
80%: 
2369 
13mo Contingent Minimum Return worst-of Note (Eurostoxx50 and Russell 2000): 
WOF SXSE/RTY 
11.5% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
uncapped 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement, source: DB AWM 
Structured Solutions, 2/5/14. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17520.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobil 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21653.gif) 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109481 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255665 
EFTA01452458

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452459.pdf
----------------------------------------
ftlikk***ielek**************AMA**************frtrfe*********Aktek4* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109482 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255666 
EFTA01452459

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452460.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109483 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255667 
EFTA01452460

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452461.pdf
----------------------------------------
streange risk reward donpt you think 
On Wed, Feb 5, 2014 at 12:41 PM, Tazia Smith < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey -
This is for comparative purposes, as the worst-of component (previously sent/below) improves pricing 
a quite a bit at present. 13mo on SX5E by itself is a non-starter! 
#1 - 13mo Contingent Minimum Return 
SX5E 
4% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
6% cap 
max loss: 100% 
#2 - 2yr Contingent Minimum Return 
SX5E 
10% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
17% cap 
max loss: 100% 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement, source: DB AWM Structured Solutions, 2/5/14. 
Rom' 
Tazia Sneth/dbeibcom 
To* 
JAWCPAtDemai torn, Paul Morris, Vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, Vint Sahni/db/dbcomC0SEMEA, Nay 
GuptaidlodbcomCDSEMEA 
Date 
02/O51201411:49 AM 
Subject: Barrier Notes (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
US 
ADP report came in light this morning at +175k v 185k cons, as you saw, payrolls catalyst on 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109488 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255672 
EFTA01452461

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452462.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Engel bert Melendez 
Sent: 
2/5/2014 4:39:17 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby I 
; Brian M Biggar I 
I; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
AIS Request AIS-00003326 has been Fulfilled 
The Following Alternative Investment Suitability request has been Fulfilled. 
AIS Request Number: AIS-00003326 
Client Name : Southern Financial LLC 
Comment on Approval: 1/21/2014 9:20:37 AM - Brian Biggar : Investment in this instrument must be 
processed through either an Investment Advisory account or a Brokerage account. 
Reason for Rejection: 
Reason for Cancel: 
Reason for ()Mold: 
Details Link : https://na4.salesforce.com/a1R60000000plitY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109491 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255675 
EFTA01452462

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452463.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
;  
To: 
; Amanda Kirby I 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cothron
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith I 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC as at 5 Feb 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140205_20140206_1.pdf; 182298_20140205_20140206_1.csv 
Valuations System rvaluations.system@db.comj 
2/5/2014 5:47:25 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_statement_-_EmiR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140205_20140206_1 
53185641 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109492 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255676 
EFTA01452463

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452464.pdf
----------------------------------------
6727 
- 
SOUTHERN
• t 
, 
  ' 
7,47.M..77.12.1.T.J.IIMPRIrir 
.. 
Paw 2 
05Feb 2014 
C42 
Muted). Bank AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Itt;Opios 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
366364435f 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-No0-2013 
20-Nov2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(LOCO 030 Cr.4 
USD 
101,000,000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
: io `IA.
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/' 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Not-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0003 
16.35312 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
36i6364438/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21Nov-2013 
20Now2014 
25-Now2014 
121.CM COI 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
14.415 07 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/ 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
se C01, 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1261392 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.01 X000) 
USD 
11,003,003.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRODEAN 
CALL 
1.1003 
1.1% 816 461 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apv2014 
21Apv2014 
(10.000,000 00) 
USD 
11.303.00D 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
62.349.01 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
31-.18n-2014 
01.May-2014 
07.May-2014 
(10.0300000 
USD 
1025.000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
(113155h70) 
745230011 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(261 542 14) 
ROL 
(261:642.14) 
Statement ID : 18229820140205_20140206_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109494 
SDNY_GM_00255678 
EFTA01452464

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452465.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/6/2014 3:02:32 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140206 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/05/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,505,852.04 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
227,980.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
NES, LLC 
M 
.00 
PORT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109496 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255680 
EFTA01452465

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452466.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Fw: this morning [C] 
Classification: confidential 
Had a good meeting w/ Leon Blacks family office head Eileen. 
Jeffrey Epstein (current KCP client) has been helpful in introducing Paul 
Morris (P8anker) and hence us to the relationship. We are going to move 
forward in working to onboard. Should be a good relationship. 
Btw, Paul's been doing a good job incorporating us and leveraging KCP for 
these relationships. 
Kind regards, 
Caroline Kitidis 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26293.gif) 
Caroline v. Kitidis 
Managing Director I Head of Key client Partners & wealth Investment coverage -
Americas 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154-0004 
Tel. 
mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29902.gif) 
 Forwarded by Caroline Kitidis/db/dbcom on 02/06/2014 11:55 AM 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com, 
Cc: 
Caroline Kitidis/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/06/2014 10:43 AM 
Subject: 
this morning [C) 
classification: confidential 
Jeffrey, the three of us had breakfast with Eileen this morning. we look 
forward to getting started and being helpful wherever possible. Thanks very 
much Jeffrey. 
Paul morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109498 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255682 
EFTA01452466

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452467.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109502 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255686 
EFTA01452467

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452468.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/6/2014 4:17:53 PM 
To: 
Caroline Kitidis I 
Subject: 
Re: this morning [CI 
Attachments: pic02698.gif; pic28765.gif; pic14819.gif; pic26372.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Thank you Caroline, appreciated. I'll make sure Tazia gets the proper 
recognition, she has gotten into gear with je which is not easy. Best 
 Original Message  
From: Caroline Kitidis 
Sent: 02/06/2014 03:40 PM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Fw: this morning [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Kudos to you to Chip and Dario... 
Kind regards, 
Caroline Kitidis 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02698.gif) 
Caroline V. Kitidis 
Managing Director I Head of Key client Partners & wealth Investment coverage -
Americas 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154-0004 
Tel. 
mobile 
Email 
.com 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28765.gif) 
 Forwarded by Caroline Kitidisi 
on 02/06/2014 03:40 PM 
From: 
Chip Packard 
To: 
Caroline Kitidis 
Cc: 
"Dario Schiraldi" < 
Date: 
02/06/2014 03:29 PM 
Subject: 
Re: this morning [c] 
Classification: Confidential 
Thanks, yes Paul has done a very good job with these guys. Epstein is a big 
fan of his. Did you guys meet with Eileen from Leon's office? 
chip Packard 
Managing Director 
Co-Head, wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Asset and wealth management 
chip.packard@db.com 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109503 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255687 
EFTA01452468

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452469.pdf
----------------------------------------
(212) 454 2173 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 Original Message  
From: Caroline Kitidis 
Sent: 02/06/2014 03:04 PM EST 
To: Chip Packard 
cc: Dario schiraldi 
subject: Fw: this morning [c] 
Classification: Confidential 
Had a good meeting w/ Leon Blacks family office head Eileen. 
Jeffrey Epstein (current KCP client) has been helpful in introducing Paul 
Morris (P8anker) and hence us to the relationship. we are going to move 
forward in working to onboard. should be a good relationship. 
Btw, Paul's been doing a good job incorporating us and leveraging KCP for 
these relationships. 
Kind regards, 
Caroline Kitidis 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14819.gif) 
Caroline V. Kitidis 
Managing Director I Head of Key Client Partners & wealth Investment Coverage -
Americas 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26372.gif) 
 Forwarded by Caroline Kitidis/db/dbcom on 02/06/2014 11:55 AM  
From: 
Paul morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com, 
Cc: 
Caroline Kitidis/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAs, tazia.smith@db.com 
Date: 
02/06/2014 10:43 AM 
subject: 
this morning [c) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, the three of us had breakfast with Eileen this morning. we look 
forward to getting started and being helpful wherever possible. Thanks very 
much Jeffrey. 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109504 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255688 
EFTA01452469

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452470.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109507 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255691 
EFTA01452470

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452471.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109508 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255692 
EFTA01452471

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452472.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Amanda Kirby I 
Jos p 
of ron 
Paul Morris 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIA 
as a 
•equest 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140206_20140207_1.pdf; 182298_20140206_20140207_1.csv 
Valuations Syste 
6 2014 5:53:39 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
;Tazia 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Bank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. 
Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140206_20140207_1 
53252311 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109510 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255694 
EFTA01452472

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452473.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutichs Bark AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LW 
C6 Feb 2014 
Paps 2 012 
lakSib 
8S,Splleal 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Settlement 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Amt 2 
Not.Ccy 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436! 
SOUTHERN 
EXOPTION 
21-Noy-2013 
20.11or.2014 
25-Noy-2014 
(1030 030 Cr.); 
USD 
101,000,000 
.FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
•cti29' 09! 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/' 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
21-Not-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25.1loy.2014 
(21.00080( 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
15.10125 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
21.Noy.2013 
20-11o/.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
Ill.CtX.I CO) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.000D 
25336 
710423463 
E INANCLAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHER! 
EX OPTION 
21-Noy-2013 
20-NN-2014 
25-Noy-2014 
(21.030 MI 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0300 
11.552 18 
710423465 
ENANCKL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.01 0:0 00) 
USD 
11.003,00D.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCKAN 
CALL 
1002 
1.'77 792 C:5) 
737154817 
ENANCLAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
11/14x.2014 
Apr.2014 
(10.000 CC000) 
USD 
11.300.00D 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EIRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
53,19262 
737154818 
ENANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPTION 
31-Jan-2014 
01.May-2014 
07.May-2014 
(10.800.000 CO) 
USD 
1,025000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EURCPEAN 
CALL 
1025003 
(159 488 161 
745230011 
ENANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(284 47100; 
la: 
Statement ID : 182298_20140206 20140207 1 
(284,471.90) 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109512 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255696 
EFTA01452473

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452474.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/7/2014 2:32:20 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140207 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/06/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,490,402.04 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SuMMIIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
227,980.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109514 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255698 
EFTA01452474

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452475.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Valuations System 
Sent: 
2/7/2014 5:51:49 PM 
To: 
; Amanda Kirby 
; Joseph Cothron 
Paul Morris 
Smith 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL It.0 as at 7 Feb 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140207_20140210_1.pdf; 182298_20140207_20140210_1.csv 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
; Tazia 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. 
Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_statement_-_EmiR_Language_2309.pdf 
182298_20140207_20140210_1 
53316758 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109515 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255699 
EFTA01452475

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452476.pdf
----------------------------------------
67411" 
... 
  : 77471,Thinr—n—
,i21,,:.1.11MMINPRIF 
SaUTHERN FINAN 
r .. 
Aa rf e 
Feb 2014 
Page 2 Of 2 
Deutichs Bank AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LW 
RCOOkes 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
366364465f 
SOUTHERN 
EX OPT ION 
21-Noy-2013 
204lov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1.0:0 WO Cr.); 
USD 
101.000.000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
:11 Cd,o COI 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOOTHE/6J 
EX OPTION 
21-Nat-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1434293 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, !LC 
36i6364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21.Noy.2013 
20-Noy.2014 
2541e/2014 
121000 00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1252537 
710423463 
EINANCLAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Noy-2013 
20-Noy-2014 
25-Noy-2014 
(21.030 MI 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1086612 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.01 X000) 
USD 
11.009003.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRODEAN 
CALL 
1.1003 
;1415'..6.0≥.) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-A4;42014 
21-442014 
(10.COD.CC000) 
USD 
11.300.003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.130D 
3325180 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHEPII 
FXOPTION 
31-Jan-2014 
01.May.2014 
07.May.2014 
(10600.000 CO) 
USE) 
1025.000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1025003 
;155.16957) 
745230011 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(278 945 00) 
latat 
(278,945.00) 
Statement ID : 182298_20140207_20140210_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109517 
SDNY_GM_00255701 
EFTA01452476

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452477.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/8/2014 2:32:15 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140208 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/07/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,457,014.60 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
388,279.30 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
227,980.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109519 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255703 
EFTA01452477

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452478.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
201410:47:27 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey is In Paris [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
ok thanks, i want him to meet dario schiraldi and vinit sahni, nav gupta, let me see if they will be in London/Paris to pay a 
visit and will come back to you asap 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
From 
Lesley Groff 
To. 
Paul Morn 
Dart. 
02/10/2014 10'08 AM 
Subject 
Jeffrey is in Paris 
HI Paul...Jeffrey has finally made his way to Paris...might we be able to make any 
appointments for Jeffrey with people you wish for him to meet? 
Lesley 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109520 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255704 
EFTA01452478

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452479.pdf
----------------------------------------
Eurostoxx 50 3 r Price Histo 
'11 
- • 
Last Price 
3038.49 
Flighcon 01/15/14 3168.76 
-4- Aveeage 
2611.63 
n\I 
.1 
NIV 
Low on 09/12/11 1995,01 
.i‘sffr\ ski 
2011 
I 
2012 
2013 
1201,
038.49 
,
2430.00 
SLR index MAO StOxx 50 Pnce 
telly 07Ct52011-07R5201. 
Copynceta 2014 &comber; Arena L.P. 
07-Ceb-2014 12:30:40 
Russell 2000 3yr Price History 
Pt
 Price
1112.82 
T High on 01/22/14 1181.29 
-4- Average 
874.05 
I Low on 10/03/11 609.49 
zy'd\vpimitiv-1
1200 
11:2.82 
1000 
889.00 
800 
600 
• V • 
A co 
2011 
2012 
2013 
201• 
RTY Index (Russell 2000 Index) Daily 07FER2011-071E02014 
Copyrigatil 2014 Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
07-Feb-2014 12.32:00 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset .3 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel.• 
Fax +1 
Mobilo +1 
Email 
epAnio-L„.1-17 Pe. ffirm. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109522 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255706 
EFTA01452479

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452480.pdf
----------------------------------------
From. 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To. 
Tazia Smit 
Date. 
02/07/201412:08 PM 
Submot. 
Re: ...barrier note (us and euro combo) and WAY stabilizing.... id] 
speadsheet out returnds for me thanks 
On Fri, Feb 7, 2014 at 10:29 AM, Tazia Smith 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Jeffrey - 
> wrote: 
I called be I'd priced this short dated S&P Feb22 1780/1770 put spread trade to fade the post-NFP 
bounce but the S&P just retraced a quick 6 points and ate into the payout. Be back -- and/or let me 
know if you hat that that view! 
What were your thoughts on the Eurostoxx + Russell 2000 Contingent Min/Barrier note? I thought the 
combining the euro and US views, uncapped upside was attractive. Monday may be better day to 
trade, but please let me know if you liked the structure so I can re-price. 
13mo Contingent Minimum Return Worst-of Note (Eurostoxx50 and Russell 2000): 
WoF SX5E/RTY 
11.5% Cont Min Return 
80% Barrier Daily obs. 
uncapped 
max loss: 100% 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement, source: DB AWM Structured Solutions, 2/5/14. 
Within your healthcare theme, BMY starting to stabilize, consider initiating your position BMY (2.0 in 
your percentages). 
6mo charts below for your convenience. 
BMY 6mo Price History 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109523 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255707 
EFTA01452480

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452481.pdf
----------------------------------------
cl• Last Price 
48.98 
- T High on 01/10/14 56.18 
• Average 
48.3477 
Low on 08/21/13 41.32 
Rik 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Dec 
Jan 
2013 
2014 
SW US Equity (Bristol-flyers Squibb Co) Daily 073A2013.075E52014 Copyrights 2024 Bloomberg Finance t P 
0T-ceti-201' 09 25:59 
ft• Volume 
245 
20M 
10.97 M 
Speak with you soon, 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
PARstio-wfv-
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109524 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255708 
EFTA01452481

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452482.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452482.pdf
----------------------------------------
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109525 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255709 
EFTA01452482

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452483.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452483.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109531 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255715 
EFTA01452483

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452484.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Fw: Jeffrey is in Paris Ill 
2/10/201412:20:03 PM 
Classification: For internal use only 
fyi, dario can't get there, would like to meet in nyc, 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New Y 
1O154 
Office: 
Cell: 
Forwarded by Paul Monts4b(dbcom on 02/102014 12 19 PM 
From . 
To. '
Day: 
Lesley Groff < 
Paul Mortis:db:dbcom@OBAME PICAS. 
02'10:2014 10 08 AM 
Jeffrey is in Parrs 
HI Paul...Jeffrey has finally made his way to Paris...might we be able to make any 
appointments for Jeffrey with people you wish for him to meet? 
Lesley 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109536 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255720 
EFTA01452484

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452485.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
2/10/2014 1:44:10 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Knicks game 
Thank you very much for the invite 
I would love to attend 
Please let me know where we should meet 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Feb 7, 2014, at 11:00 AM, Amanda Kirby 
> wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Box tickets to the Knicks vs Sacramento game next Wednesday, February 12 at 7:30 at MSG. 
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gir> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bar* Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. • 
Fax 
Email 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109537 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255721 
EFTA01452485

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452486.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
2/10/2014 2:56:31 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Aracely Sanchez 
thank you for invite to ny knicks game 
look forward to that 
is amanda in today? 
i have sent emails and left messages as i need to send 2 wires 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109538 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255722 
EFTA01452486

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452487.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Aracely Sanchez 
2/10/2014 3:05:23 PM 
Paul Morris 
Re: III 
pic15303.gif; pic07643.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
will do. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic15303.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
10154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
Tel. + 
Fax + 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07643.gif) 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
(I] 
Paul morris/db/dbcom 
Aracely sanchez/db/dbcomftisAmERIcAs, 
02/10/2014 02:59 PM 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi can u call rich, amanda is sick, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Cei 
Cell: 
Forwarded by Paul Morris/db/dbcom on 02/10/2014 02:59 PM 
From: 
To: 
cc: 
Date: 
Richard Kahn 
Paul morris/db/dbcomanAmERIcAs, 
Aracely sanchez/db/dbcomilloBANERIcAs 
02/10/2014 02:56 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255724 
DB-SDNY-0109540 
EFTA01452487

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452488.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
thank you for invite to ny knicks game 
look forward to that 
is amanda in today,
i have sent emails and left messages as i need to send 2 wires 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
S75 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109541 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255725 
EFTA01452488

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452489.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOU 
ERN Fl 
Request 182298 
A 
As of 10 Feb 14 
10Feb 2014 
Page 2 a 2 
Deutschs Sank AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
NotCcy 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put? Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nor.2013 
20410%42014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1.03007.100) 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21.Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
12100U CO; 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(2930 001 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(1001 X000) 
USD 
FINANCIAL: LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr•2014 
21-Apr•2014 
(1000D.CCO 00J 
USD 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
31-Jan-2014 
01.May-2014 
07•kMy2014 
l 10000,000 CO) 
USD 
FINANCIAL. LW 
10030.000 
11,000,000.00 
11.300003 00 
1,025000.000 
FY 
JPY 
JPY 
JPY 
CAD 
CAD 
JPY 
SHORT 
LONG 
LONG 
LONG 
SHORT 
SHORT 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
ELRCPEAN 
ELRCPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
CALL 
CALL 
CALL 
1010000 
0.000D 
0.0000 
0.0000 
1,100D 
1.1303 
102 5000 
:4:] 25;4 17! 
1170642 
12,85027 
11,15101 
:155 7% %I 
3607066 
;?53.1&0 86) 
Subtotal: 
(274 43126: 
Statement ID : 182298_20140210_20140211_1
lat 
(274,431.26) 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109550 
SDNY_GM_00255734 
EFTA01452489

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452490.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/11/2014 2:42:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140211 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/10/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,381,459.34 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
227,980.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
MORT, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109552 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255736 
EFTA01452490

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452491.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Sent: 
2/11/2014 ai
m
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: david mitchell IC) 
thnks 
On Tue, Feb 11, 2014 at 4:14 PM, Paul Morris < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, caught up with him this morning, there might be ways to be helpful to him from time to time, i'll 
stay in touch, best 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Off i 
Cell: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109553 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255737 
EFTA01452491

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452492.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
;  
To: 
; Amanda Kirby ( 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cothron
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith I 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL ILC as at 11 Feb 2014 • Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140211_20140212_1.pdf; 182298_20140211_20140212_1.csv 
Valuations System rvaluations.system@db.comI 
2/11/2014 5:41:48 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.con/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.con/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140211_20140212_1 
53462820 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109554 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255738 
EFTA01452492

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452493.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dsubchs Bark AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LW 
Feb 2014 
Pap 2 Of 2 
FS,Sallana 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Settlement 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Amt 2 
Not.Ccy 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
366364436! 
SOJTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
20Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(1.00D 030 CV, 
USD 
101.000000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
:41 e -(1 25! 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/' 
SOUTHER! 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUICPEAN 
a0000 
1395719 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364438/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
111 cA.X.I CO) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
12,14424 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/ 
SOUTHER! 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(21.03(1 06) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0000 
10497 07 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.01 X000) 
USD 
11.003,00D.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1,100D 
1.'4.4 272 "..k5) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-44%2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.COD CC000) 
USD 
11.300.00D 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
31,604 75 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
31-Jan-2014 
01.May-2014 
07.May-2014 
(10,000.000 CO) 
USD 
1025000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EURCPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
(1U.; 93! .51) 
745230011 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(2* 786 86! 
latat 
Statement ID : 182298_20140211 20140212 1 
(289:788.86) 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109556 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255740 
EFTA01452493

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452494.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/12/2014 2:32:30 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140212 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/11/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,260,647.32 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
227,980.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109558 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255742 
EFTA01452494

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452495.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Relational Junction 
Sent: 
2/12/2014 6:56:04 AM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Mort, Inc has been changed to an Inactive Prospect in DB Force 
All the Accounts associated to Mort, Inc are now closed. Because there are no open accounts, ►tort, Inc 
has been changed in DB Force from a Client to a Prospect, the Status has been changed from Active to 
Inactive, 
and the 'Former client' field has been checked. 
If you wish to reactivate Mort, Inc, change the Status back to Active in the Customer record. 
If you are already logged into DB Force, click here to view this record (or copy and paste the link into 
your open DB Force window): 
https://na4.salesforce.com/0016000000tu2QQ 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109559 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255743 
EFTA01452495

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452496.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109561 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255745 
EFTA01452496

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452497.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
New York. NY 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Ema 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109564 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255748 
EFTA01452497

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452498.pdf
----------------------------------------
4- 
S AND S MAINTENANCE 03RP, NEW YORK, NY 
I
I 
02/06/2014 
+-
+-
I
I 
+- 
+- 
CASA LEVER, NEW YORK, NY 
undefined 
I 
02/06/2014 
4-
$1I 
421 
.01 
I 
+- 
+ 
+ 
 +- 
> 
I 
I 
FOUR SEASONS HOTEL F/B, NEW YORK, NY 
I 
Hotel Room 
& Tax 
I 
I 
02/06/2014 
I 
I 
+ 
+ 
> 
 +-
121 
2.1 
421 
 +- 
I 
MTA/NYC TRANSIT, BROOKLYN, NY 
I 
Rail 
I 
02/05/2014 
+-
I 
$11 
I 
0.1 
I 
001 
> 
-
THE SEA FIRE GRILL, NEW YORK, NY 
undefined 
I 
02/03/2014 
 +-
+-
I 
311 
I 
341 
I 
.31 
I 
4- 
4-
4- 
I 
NAPLES 45, NEW YORK, NY 
I 
undefined 
I 
01/31/2014 
> 
571 
2.1 
701 
+- 
I 
USA TODAY 4362, ROMULUS, MI 
I 
undefined 
01/29/2014 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255750 
DB-SDNY-0 109566 
EFTA01452498

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452499.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
> 
I 
I 
STRAND BOOK STORE, NEW YORK, NY 
I 
Undefined 
I 
I 
12/19/2013 
I 
I 
+ 
+ 
SSI 
7. I 
001 
SHAKESPEARE, NEW YORK, NY 
I 
undefined 
I 
12/19/2013 
S11 
081 
.51 
SI 
I 
I 
My best 
Mit freundlichen BruBen / Best regards / Cordiali saluti/ Recuerdos 
Millee 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28368.gif) 
https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/DAwm_logo_metallic_46x46.gif 
Mildred Hernandez 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
New 
Tel.
Fax 
Emai 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109568 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255752 
EFTA01452499

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452500.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109569 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255753 
EFTA01452500

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452501.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109570 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255754 
EFTA01452501

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452502.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
2/12/2014 12:39:42 PM 
Tickets America tickets.america@db.comI 
Paul Morris 
ACERS Unique ID for your event submission 
Dear 
Paul 
Thank you for submitting your event information through US.Entertainment 
Unique ID and your event details the table below. Kindly include your ACERS Unique 
in the Concur T&N system. Please reach out to us in case of any discrepancy or 
replying to this email. 
ACERS Unique ID # 
Event Date 
aient Firm(s) 
aient Attendee(s) Names 
Host Name 
DB Attendee(s) 
Approver 
Cost Center 
aient Code (GB Only) 
Transaction Name (If 
Applicable) 
Total Amount 
Per Head Amount 
Total Attendees 
Event Category 
Description 
2/12/2014 
Moses Singer LLP , Southern Financial LLP 
Jim Alterbaum , Richard Kahn 
Paul Morns 
Amanda Kirby , Paul Morris 
Chip Packard 
N/A 
N/A 
900 
$ 225.00 
Ticketed Event 
NY Knicks vs Sacramento 
JAW 
11111111EMP 11111:: Mil 
Morris, 
mailbox. Please find the ACERS 
ID while submitting your expense 
any assistance in this regard by 
a 
This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain information that is 
confidential, privileged, proprietary and protected from disclosure by applicable law. Any unauthorized review, 
use, duplication, disclosure or distribution is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please 
contact the sender by reply email and immediately destroy all copies of this message, including electronic and 
hard copies. Thank you for your cooperation. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109572 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255756 
EFTA01452502

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452503.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109575 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255759 
EFTA01452503

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452504.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
;  
To: 
; Amanda Kirby ( 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cothron
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith I 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC as at 12 Feb 2014 • Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140212_20140213_1.pdf; 182298_20140212_20140213_1.csv 
Valuations System rvaluations.system@db.comI 
2/12/2014 5:43:51 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.con/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.con/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_2309.pdf 
182298_20140212_20140213_1 
53529454 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109576 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255760 
EFTA01452504

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452505.pdf
----------------------------------------
enT 
Deutichs Bark AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Feb 2014 
Pap 2 012 
RCOirbso 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Settlement 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Amt 2 
Not.Ccy 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
366364435f 
SOJTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-Nor.2013 
20Nov2014 
25.1lov.2014 
(LOCO DOOM, 
USD 
101.000.000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
101 0003 
(42 115::..1 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364435/ 
SOUTHER! 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
13.55760 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364438/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21Nov-2013 
20-Nw•2014 
25-Nov-2014 
121.CtXt CO) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
11,75256 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21930 C61 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0300 
10.12221 
710423465 
FNANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(1001 X000) 
USD 
11.00000D.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRODEAN 
CALL 
1,100D 
;123 YA) NJ 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apv2014 
21-Apr•2014 
110.1X0 0:0 00J 
USD 
11.300003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
391 28 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
31-.18n-2014 
01.May.2014 
07•AMy2014 
(90,000.00000) 
USD 
1025000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EL.RCPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
:! 7n(125 m 
745230011 
FNANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
21!: 6192: 
Isalk 
(276.257.92) 
Statement ID:18229820140212 20140213 1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109578 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255762 
EFTA01452505

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452506.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/13/2014 2:32:19 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140213 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/12/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,950,147.32 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
227,980.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
206,262.30 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
195,976.90 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/12/14 
ACCT./ 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
150,000.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
150,000.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109580 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255764 
EFTA01452506

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452507.pdf
----------------------------------------
enT 
    7.77a77"
-
,iltz,:.J.,.!IREPPrir 
DstSths Bark AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
_ 
13Feb 2014 
Papa 
Of 2 
W•08,6414 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Settlement 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Amt 2 
Not.Ccy 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
366364436! 
SOJTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
20410%42014 
25.1lov.2014 
(1.0:0 WO CO: 
USD 
101,000000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
}1:!C8' Et! 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/' 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
14.336 82 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nw•2014 
25-Nov-2014 
121.Ct.X.I CO) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1247038 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
121030 C01 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0000 
1077320 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10000 X000) 
USD 
11.003003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1003 
(121.X1 73) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr•2014 
21-Apr•2014 
(10.COD CEO 00) 
USD 
11.300.003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EIRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
23.44068 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
31-Jan-2014 
01.May-2014 
07.May-2014 
(101:00000 03) 
USD 
1,025,000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EURCPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
::51 4X) 41) 
745230011 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
Math 
Statement ID : 182298_20140213 20140214 1 
(251:842.66) 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109583 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255767 
EFTA01452507

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452508.pdf
----------------------------------------
Document Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109584 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255768 
EFTA01452508

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452509.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/14/2014 2:22:26 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140214 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/13/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,940,147.32 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
227,980.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
206,262.30 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
195,976.90 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109585 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255769 
EFTA01452509

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452510.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/14/2014 10:45:29 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [CI 
Attachments: pic24771.gif; pic18782.gif; pic07401.gif; pic12454.gif; pic26368.gif; pic22830.gif; pic17700.gif; pic29492.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Understood Jeffrey. 
Implementation: 
Today/Mon (and Tuesday in US due to holiday Mon) start with 1/4 positions 
(within that 50mm allocation) across the direct equities (healthcare, energy, 
financials, tech, Japan, Europe) 
Topix TRS - add 53.5mm usd notional via swap and indirect hedge = gives you 
capital efficient leverage (financing 3mL+70bps, —20% initial collateral). OR 
buy another Slmm of your DXJ (that position can represent your delta one 
allocation). Topix and DxJ charts below for your convenience. 
Today or Tuesday: Barrier notes - if we can achieve comparable terms (vol has 
come in) on that eurostoxx50/russell 2k (13mo, worst of >10% contingent 
minimum return, uncapped upside, 80% barrier) = consider 2.5mm (leaves 2.5mm 
to put to work in similar return profiles in europe and US) 
Fx = opportunistic 
Let me know if this is implementation strategy works, or how you'd prefer. 
Thanks! 
Tazia 
TOPIX lyr Price History 
(Embedded image moved to file: pi c24771 .gi f) 
DX) lyr Price History 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic18782.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07401.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12454.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation0gmai 1 .cors> 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109586 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255770 
EFTA01452510

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452511.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Tazia Smit 
Date: 
02/14/2014 10:20 AM 
Subject: 
Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [c] 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 4:13 PM 
subject: Re: percentages get a read from your team [c] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
agree with your changes lets look at 50 million dollars to start 
on Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 1:26 Am, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
wrote: 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, Feb 7, 2014 at 6:04 PM 
Subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: wed, Feb 5, 2014 at 4:38 PM 
Subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
 Forwar 
From: Tazia smith 
Date: rue, Feb 4, 2014 at 3:25 PM 
subject: Re: percentages get a read 
To: jeevacation mail.com 
cc: Pa 
vi 
May 
Gupta 
vahe stepanian 
Classification: confidential 
from your team (c] 
Jeffrey -
summary below takes into account the DB team's feedback. We agree with 
overall themes. Commentary here, further implementation detail below and to 
follow: 
- Specific recommendations for modifications to the thematic baskets (Please 
see Healthcare detailed below -back with specifics on each level) 
- Propose allocation to US Tech equity (cognizant though that you have 
private equity investments) 
- Propose additional opportunistic FX exposure (trades like your short CAD) 
- Energy renaissance will include trades on crude, in addition to equities 
that are beneficiaries of secular shift in underlying energy supply, and 
supply chains (not just the nat gas theme in the uS, but also companies like 
Hannon Armstrong (HASI) that finance energy efficiency) 
- We are reviewing PO v ID mortgages with rates where they are. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109587 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255771 
EFTA01452511

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452512.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26368.gif) 
- Not a typo on Proposed total of 105; original just didn't include the 
single names in Japan 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22830.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17700.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche 
Deutsche 
345 Park 
New Yor 
Tel. +1 
Fax +1 
Mobile +1 
Email 
Bank securities Inc 
Asset & wealth management 
Avenue, 26th Floor 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29492.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcomOOBAMERIcAs, Paul morris/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 Pm 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
*Ithttfeliffe***Wirfek********Atrtr****0014.**40****444*Otree*MA0*****A0 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109588 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255772 
EFTA01452512

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452513.pdf
----------------------------------------
trieffirillefele*****Ivietr****Irtetrielle***A114e*frirlrfele****************44**** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
trfeldrigilift**Afrtr**OrAtc***hfctr***dhfc*fifeditAfe44*****14A4$1***Airttle***** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
treatritietelehstrfitrietehlltr*****Illetriathietetrfr*Ittrietrie********Alehtt*fitilleleh**4 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
fttrIttrk**04****Okic***triek*A*40**11A04*ItiltrOtt***04*.tedIttr****004*** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
fi te***************************************************444*** 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109589 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255773 
EFTA01452513

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452514.pdf
----------------------------------------
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109590 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255774 
EFTA01452514

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452515.pdf
----------------------------------------
DX.] US 
46.78 46.79 
45 
10:38 
1,068 ,304 
46.54 
 46.8449  46.40 
49.778M 
ally 
Save As 
Actions 
91) Edit 
Table 
Line Chart 
ankr.1,113 NEVICEMEI =MEM" Milo" 
: 
1,  
7,  
*.r7-: 
1Y 
EY 
ly 
• 
" En" 
• 
It' 
• •Stlz:v 
K =vent 
Track 
Annotate 
News 
Zoom 
• Last Price 
46.79 
T High on 05/21/13 52.91 
4- Average 
46.9068 
Low on 02/25/13 39.60 
52.00 
50.00 
48.00 
46.79 
44.00 
42.00 
40.00 
• QI • Volume 
1.068 
L • SMAV1115) 8.1e 
Mar 
Jun 
Sep 
Dec 
2013 
2014 
20M 
MEM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109592 
SDNY_GM_00255776 
EFTA01452515

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452516.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109597 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255781 
EFTA01452516

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452517.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/14/2014 10:45:30 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morri 
Subject: 
Re: Fwd: percentages
 from your team (CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Understood Jeffrey. 
Implementation:
Today/Mon (and Tuesday in US due to holiday Mon) start with 1/4 positions (within that 50mm allocation) across the direct 
equities (healthcare, energy, financials, tech, Japan, Europe) 
Topix TRS - add $3.5mm usd notional via swap and indirect hedge = gives you capital efficient leverage (financing 
3mL+70bps, --20% initial collateral). OR buy another $1mm of your DXJ (that position can represent your delta one 
allocation). Topix and DXJ charts below for your convenience. 
Today or Tuesday: Barrier notes - if we can achieve comparable terms (vol has come in) on that eurostoxx50/russell 2k 
(13mo, worst of >10% contingent minimum return, uncapped upside, 80% barrier) = consider 2.5mm (leaves 2.5mm to put 
to work in similar return profiles in europe and US) 
FX = opportunistic 
Let me know if this is implementation strategy works, or how you'd prefer. 
Thanks! 
Tazia 
TOPIX 1yr Price History 
TPXDDVD 
12:59 
kir./4C.7,bikrorMill 
it save As 
%Motto n s 
IIIII:11=111 It /twig 
aro 
iv 
r‘f 
max 
wily 
4. Track ./ Annotate 
News 
Mar 
Prey 1608.76 
'EtIlt"4 
ell Table 
tine Chart 
C"r
"
re
;% 
rail= 
" EMI PI 
MI a' 1;ecititioStudv 
el !vent 
Zoom 
• Last Price 
1587.41 
T High on 01/08/14 1751.47 
Average 
1548.28 
1. Low on 02/.15/13 1239.58 
Jun 
Sep 
Dec 
2013 
2014 
0-1700 
MIEN 
.1500 
► 400 
-1300 
1200 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109599 
SDNY_GM_00255783 
EFTA01452517

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452518.pdf
----------------------------------------
DXJ 1 r Price Histor 
DXJ US 
10:38 
Ir.liniMi 
,----- 
'46.78 46.79." 
•45 
,068 , 304 
46.54 
46.8449 
.40 ]' 
Y. d 49.778M 
Save As 
9$ Actions - 
47) Edit • 
9$ Table 
Une Chart 
"®IN 
:::•-,3•.: 
MENNEN vow,. 
P. ES PlI 
i• 
,.. • 
v, • 
..i• I, • 
44414/11014 sat ones 
c*: sic Lno, ran 
M Event 
Track 
/ Annotate 
News 
Zoom 
e• Last Price 
46.79 
T High on 05/21/13 52.91 
- 4- Average 
46.9068 
1. Low on 02/25/13 39.60 
y• Volume 
1.068 
L • SMAVV15) 8.138t 
obaradatauMNI‘UNNIALINANUAA‘W6addiNglEMWINENWNEN4446 
Mar 
Jun 
2013 
Sep 
Dec 
2014 
52.00 
50.00 
48.00 
44.00 
42.00 
40.00 
20M 
MEM 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. +1 
Fax +1 
Mobil • 
Email 
Pirsg-idwitrYtufropL 
From: 
Jeffrey Epsten cnevacation@gmail.com, 
To: 
Taxes SnothrObAbcom@DBAMERICAS. 
Date: 
02/14/2014 10 20 AM 
Subµct: 
Fwd: percentages get a read from your team PI 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 4:13 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109600 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255784 
EFTA01452518

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452519.pdf
----------------------------------------
- We are reviewing PO v 1O mortgages with rates where they are. 
US 
Proposed 
Suggest 
HealthCare 
Energy Renaissance 
Financials 
-10 
Tech 
+5 
S&P Barrier Note 
pi 
+5 
be= 
Single Stocks 
European Credit 
h 
.10 
Eu rostoakc Barrier Note 
r 
.5 
SID 
Single Stocks 
Topist Swap icr Delta 1) 
, 
Snort Yen (premium) 
-.5 
v5 
EX -Tactical inremiumj 
io 
p 
+10 
Alternatives 
. 
-7 
105 
100 
- Not a typo on Proposed total of 105; original just didn't include the single names in Japan 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109602 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255786 
EFTA01452519

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452520.pdf
----------------------------------------
L 
ruull
ruull
r 
I 
r
j. 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Ema 
Pcsicien,..1-0- ?affirm 
From: 
To.
Date 
Subject: 
Bristol Myers 
Pfizer 
Merck 
Valeant 
Actavis 
Gilead 
Mylan 
Endo Health 
HCA 
Rite Aid 
Foundation Medical 
Ariad 
Sangamo Biosciences 
Bicgen 
Agerion. 
CVS 
Sub Total 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
1.00 
1.00 
0.50 
0.50 
15.00 
Jeffrey Epstein <beevacabonagmad.com,
Paul Mora 
Tazia Smith/rib/ 
02/02/2014 06.59 PM 
percentages get a read from your team 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
S 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
S  
1.00
1.50 
1.50 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
0.50 
0.50 
0.70 
0.70 
0.10 
0.10
1.00 
1.00 
0.50 S 
0.60 
1.10 
0.50 
0.50 
1.00 
1.00 
15.00 
2.40 
17.40 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109603 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255787 
EFTA01452520

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452521.pdf
----------------------------------------
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation@amail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
*******************************************M*** M******* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation(asunail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying 
this 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109605 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255789 
EFTA01452521

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452522.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication or any pail thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation(aamail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof. 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255790 
DB-SDNY-0 109606 
EFTA01452522

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452523.pdf
----------------------------------------
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation©gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109607 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255791 
EFTA01452523

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452524.pdf
----------------------------------------
Today or Tuesday: Barrier notes - if we can achieve comparable terms (vol has 
come in) on that eurostoxx50/russell 2k (13mo, worst of >10% contingent 
minimum return, uncapped upside, 80% barrier) = consider 2.5mm (leaves 2.5mm 
to put to work in similar return profiles in europe and US) 
FX = opportunistic 
Let me know if this is implementation strategy works, or how you'd prefer. 
Thanks! 
Tazia 
TOPIX lyr Price History 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14414.gif) 
DX3 lyr Price History 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13928.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06895.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. +1 
Fax +1 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01739.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/14/2014 10:20 AM 
subject: 
Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [c] 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 4:13 PM 
Subject: Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
I agree with your changes lets look at SO million dollars to start 
On Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 1:26 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109609 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255793 
EFTA01452524

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452525.pdf
----------------------------------------
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, Feb 7, 2014 at 6:04 PM 
Subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: wed, Feb 5, 2014 at 4:38 PM 
subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [c] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
 Forwarded message  
From: Tazia Smith <tazia.smith@db.com> 
Date: Tue, Feb 4, 2014 at 3:25 PM 
subject: Re: percentages get a read from your team [c] 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Paul Morris 
Gupta 
anian 
>, Vin" 
, mav 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey -
Summary below takes into account the DB team's feedback. we agree with 
overall themes. Commentary here, further implementation detail below and to 
follow: 
- Specific recommendations for modifications to the thematic baskets (Please 
see Healthcare detailed below -back with specifics on each level) 
- Propose allocation to uS Tech equity (cognizant though that you have 
private equity investments) 
- Propose additional opportunistic FX exposure (trades like your short CAD) 
- Energy renaissance will include trades on crude, in addition to equities 
that are beneficiaries of secular shift in underlying energy supply, and 
supply chains (not just the nat gas theme in the US, but also companies like 
Hannon Armstrong (HASI) that finance energy efficiency) 
- we are reviewing PO v 10 mortgages with rates where they are. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05393.gif) 
- Not a typo on Proposed total of 105; original just didn't include the 
single names in Japan 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23071.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19206.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel.
Fax 
Mobi 
Emai 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109610 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255794 
EFTA01452525

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452526.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic18705.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@OBAmEBIcAs, Paul morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
Aft*************.$14#14**AkOrfed*******************************0 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
trittililitft*frftfeiv***trillifefentitrtrOPfrittreitrfoltd*O0*hfrittiftftfill**Mitti4**fttsit 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
A******41VA*44**MA4iciefetririeffichletritilfr********tele****IVIchh****Ich**te 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109611 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255795 
EFTA01452526

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452527.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
4$:*******hfillefefeCtift******40kfte*trafefre*fritletrAttibtrftstit*Citttlattr***440 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
AltittektettA***AfilltfritOrtgAfr*feb*tglik*****Alt***Ick******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
feirleAftftiftefete*t~fefe*Ph****tetttrOft**POtrfeftettfl**ttertrftfreetrttlthd40.0**09, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109612 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255796 
EFTA01452527

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452528.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109614 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255798 
EFTA01452528

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452529.pdf
----------------------------------------
sintim 
SY  Max Daily v 
SecwirryStAv 
Track .c Annotate 
!I_ News 
• , Zoom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109615 
SDNY_GM_00255799 
EFTA01452529

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452530.pdf
----------------------------------------
US 
Proposed Suaest
Healthcare 
Energy Renaissance 
Financials 
-10 
Tech 
+5 
S&P Barrier Note 
r 
r5 
Europe 
Single Stocks 
-5 
European Credit 
r 
+10 
Eurostom Barrier Note 
r 
-5 
Japan 
Single Stocks 
TopixSwap (or Delta 1) 
Short Yen (premium) 
FX -Tactical teremiurnk 
r 
'6.10 
Alternatives 
it 
-7 
105 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109619 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255803 
EFTA01452530

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452531.pdf
----------------------------------------
Healthcare 
Equity 
Bristol Myers 
Pfizer 
Merck 
thorned 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
Updated 
$ 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
Current 
Total 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
2.00 
Valeant 
1.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Actayis 
1.50 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Gilead 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
Mylan 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Endo Health 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
HCA 
0.50 
1.00 
1.00 
Rite Aid 
0.50 
0.50 
0.50 
Foundation Medical 
$ 
0.70 
0.70 
Ariad 
S 
0.10 
0.10 
Sangamo Biosciences 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Sieger! 
0.50 
$ 
0.60 
1.10 
Ager inn 
$ 
0.50 
0.50 
M/S 
1.00 
1.00 
Sub Total 
$ 
15.00 
15.00 $ 
2.40 
$ 
17.40 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109620 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255804 
EFTA01452531

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452532.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109621 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255805 
EFTA01452532

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452533.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109622 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255806 
EFTA01452533

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452534.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/14/2014 12:14:07 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Subject: 
Re: percentages get a read from your team [C) 
Attachments: pic10184.gif; pic25745.gif; pic25414.gif; pic23404.gif; pic07128.gif; pic03815.gif; pic19441.gif; pic30879.gif; 
pic05091.gif; pic14367.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
ok 
 Original Message  
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 02/14/2014 12:10 PM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
subject: Fw: percentages get a read from your team [c] 
Classification: Confidential 
FYI only, just spoke with him to make sure he saw my 'implementation 
suggestion' and he said no, in a meeting, call you back. taking that as not 
working any of the orders until i hear from him. again, just fyi so we're on 
the same page. 
go team! 
tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10184.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
mew Y k 
I 4 
Tel 
Fax 
Mobi 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25745.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 02/14/2014 12:09 PM  
From: 
Tazia smith/db/dbcom 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.comAIDEUBAINT, 
Cc: 
Paul Morris 
Date: 
02/14/2014 10:45 AM 
Subject: 
Re! Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
understood Jeffrey. 
Implementation: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109623 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255807 
EFTA01452534

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452535.pdf
----------------------------------------
Today/Mon (and Tuesday in US due to holiday Mon) start with 1/4 positions 
(within that 50mm allocation) across the direct equities (healthcare, energy, 
financials, tech, Japan, Europe) 
Topix TRS - add $3.5mm usd notional via swap and indirect hedge = gives you 
capital efficient leverage (financing 3mL+70bps, —20% initial collateral). OR 
buy another Slmm of your DXJ (that position can represent your delta one 
allocation). Topix and DX) charts below for your convenience. 
Today or Tuesday: Barrier notes - if we can achieve comparable terms (vol has 
come in) on that eurostoxx50/russell 2k (13mo, worst of >10% contingent 
minimum return, uncapped upside, 80% barrier) = consider 2.5mm (leaves 2.5mm 
to put to work in similar return profiles in europe and us) 
FX = opportunistic 
Let me know if this is implementation strategy works, or how you'd prefer. 
Thanks! 
Tazia 
TOPIX lyr Price History 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25414.gif) 
DX) lyr Price History 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23404.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07128.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03815.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/14/2014 10:20 AM 
Subject: 
Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 4:13 PM 
Subject: Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109624 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255808 
EFTA01452535

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452536.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452536.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
I agree with your changes lets look at 50 million dollars to start 
On Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 1:26 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
wrote: 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, Feb 7, 2014 at 6:04 PM 
subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [c] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: wed, Feb 5, 2014 at 4:38 PM 
subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
 Forwarded messa e  
From: Tazia Smith 
> 
Date: Tue, Feb 4, 2014 at 3:25 PM 
Subject: Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Paul Morris < 
, Vinit Sahni < 
mav 
Gupta < 
vahe Stepani an 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Summary below takes into account the DB team's feedback. we agree with 
overall themes. commentary here, further implementation detail below and to 
follow: 
- specific recommendations for modifications to the thematic baskets (Please 
see Healthcare detailed below -back with specifics on each level) 
- Propose allocation to us Tech equity (cognizant though that you have 
private equity investments) 
- Propose additional opportunistic FX exposure (trades like your short CAD) 
- Energy renaissance will include trades on crude, in addition to equities 
that are beneficiaries of secular shift in underlying energy supply, and 
supply chains (not just the nat gas theme in the us, but also companies like 
Hannon Armstrong (HASI) that finance energy efficiency) 
- we are reviewing PO v IO mortgages with rates where they are. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19441.gif) 
- Not a typo on Proposed total of 105; original just didn't include the 
single names in Japan 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30879.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05091.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109625 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255809 
EFTA01452536

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452537.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14367.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Paul Morris 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
Subject: percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
*****Iiirichhirtr*Iflehirle****.kirleh********44********ktrie*********** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
frieffhle*******************4***********fleVedik****SrAfelefesiOSe*****0 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109626 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255810 
EFTA01452537

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452538.pdf
----------------------------------------
erteffirillefele*****Ivietr****Irtetrielle***Alife*fririrfc/c********Ittr4*****44**** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
tek********************************Afe44********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
ttirleicatritietelehtrfitrietehlltr****telltr*********Vetr****Atileft*Iltitelehtt***44h* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
IVOttfek**04****Okie***triekfrA*40.fek*A00*0dtritft***04.(ft*O0****004*** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109627 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255811 
EFTA01452538

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452539.pdf
----------------------------------------
sintim 
SY  Max Daily v 
SecwirryStAv 
Track .c Annotate 
!I_ News 
• , Zoom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109630 
SDNY_GM_00255814 
EFTA01452539

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452540.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109632 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255816 
EFTA01452540

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452541.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109633 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255817 
EFTA01452541

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452542.pdf
----------------------------------------
US 
Proposed Suaest
Healthcare 
Energy Renaissance 
Financials 
-10 
Tech 
+5 
S&P Barrier Note 
r 
r5 
Europe 
Single Stocks 
-5 
European Credit 
r 
+10 
Eurostom Barrier Note 
r 
-5 
Japan 
Single Stocks 
TopixSwap (or Delta 1) 
Short Yen (premium) 
FX -Tactical teremiurnk 
r 
'6.10 
Alternatives 
it 
-7 
105 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109634 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255818 
EFTA01452542

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452543.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PM/WWI/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/15/2014 2:32:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140215 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/14/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,940,147.32 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
219,170.94 
)60E, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
203,689.02 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
193,576.90 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
35,917,091.07 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109642 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255826 
EFTA01452543

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452544.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Caroline Kitidis 
2/18/2014 9:14:03 AM 
Paul Morris 
Re: london [I] 
pic18455.gif; pic20979.O 
Classification: For internal use only 
I would spend time w/ Vinit sahni, Capital markets for KCP globally, Tazia 
works w/ him on Epstein and others. 
Kind regards, 
Caroline Kitidis 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic18455.gif) 
Caroline V. Kitidis 
Managing Director I Head of Key Client Partners & wealth Investment Coverage -
Americas 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York 
NY 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Mobi 
Emai 
(Embedded 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
image moved to file: pi c20979 . gi f) 
Paul morris 
Caroline Kitidis. 
02/14/2014 09:03 AM 
london [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi, i'11 be in London next Tues/wed, meeting with a lot of folks, is their 
anybody you would recommend reaching out to? (other than KCP team, Dario, 
lending ) thanks 
Paul Morris 
Managing Di rector 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York 
NY 10154 
Office: 
cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255827 
DB-SDNY-0 109643 
EFTA01452544

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452545.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109645 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255829 
EFTA01452545

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452546.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Paul Morris 
2/18/2014 9:52:47 AM 
Caroline Kitidis 
Re: london [II 
pic07855.gif; pic03023.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Yes thx 
 Original Message  
From: Caroline Kitidis 
Sent: 02/18/2014 09:14 AM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: london [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
I would spend time w/ vinit Sahni, Capital markets for KCP globally, Tazia 
works w/ him on Epstein and others. 
Kind regards, 
Caroline Kitidis 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07855.gif) 
Caroline v. Kitidis 
Managing Director I Head of Key client Partners & wealth Investment coverage -
Americas 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
image moved to file: pic03023.gif) 
Paul morris/db/IIIIII 
Caroline Ki ti di sidb/
, 
02/14/2014 09:03 AM 
london [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi, i'll 
be in London next Tues/wed, meeting with a lot of folks, is their 
anybody you would recommend reaching out to? (other than KCP team, Dario, 
lending ) thanks 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109646 
SDNY_GM_00255830 
EFTA01452546

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452547.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109648 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255832 
EFTA01452547

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452548.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109649 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255833 
EFTA01452548

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452549.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/18/2014 12:49:55 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: percentages get a read from your team IC) 
Attachments: pic11362.gif; pic01914.gif; pic03756.gif; pic10772.gif; old/5526.81f; pic26576.gif; pic02321.gif; pic06893.gif; 
pic03118.gif 
Classification: confidential 
Jeffrey-
would love to run through details of implementation. could you give me a call 
when you have a moment? Or if you're back in NY I can run up and go through it 
in person. 
Market rally last week (and Japan overnight, +3%) makes for a less opportune 
entry points on some of your asset classes. Healthcare's on a tear; you may 
have seen, Actavis, which is in the Healthcare basket we're looking to buy, is 
up —8% after announcing a bid for Forrest Labs. 
Tech and Energy look attractive for entry. 
Ex: XLK currently $36.15, XLK 7an15 36 risk reversal, collect 40.40 net 
premium and create a synthetic long for $35.60 (giving up dividends, of 
course) 
Have details of tech and energy baskets we can review (single names and 
options) 
Best, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11362.gif) 
Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 02/14/2014 12:09 PM 
From: 
Tazia smith/db/dbcom 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.comAIDEu8AINT, 
Cc: 
Paul Morris 
Date: 
02/14/2014 10:45 AM 
subject: 
Re: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [c] 
Classification: Confidential 
understood Jeffrey. 
Implementation: 
Today/Mon (and Tuesday in us due to holiday Mon) start with 1/4 positions 
(within that 50mm allocation) across the direct equities (healthcare, energy, 
financials, tech, Japan, Europe) 
Topix TRS - add S3.5mm usd notional via swap and indirect hedge = gives you 
capital efficient leverage (financing 3mL+70bps, -20% initial collateral). OR 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109650 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255834 
EFTA01452549

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452550.pdf
----------------------------------------
buy another Slmm of your DXJ (that position can represent your delta one 
allocation). Topix and DX) charts below for your convenience. 
Today or Tuesday: Barrier notes - if we can achieve comparable terms (vol has 
come in) on that eurostoxx50/russell 2k (13mo, worst of >10% contingent 
minimum return, uncapped upside, 80% barrier) = consider 2.5mm (leaves 2.5mm 
to put to work in similar return profiles in europe and US) 
FX = opportunistic 
Let me know if this is implementation strategy works, or how you'd prefer. 
Thanks! 
Tazia 
TOPIX lyr Price History 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01914.gif) 
DX) 1yr Price History 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03756.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10772.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi e 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05526.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia smith 
Date: 
02/14/2014 10:20 AM 
subject: 
Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 4:13 PM 
Subject: Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
I agree with your changes lets look at SO million dollars to start 
On Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 1:26 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109651 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255835 
EFTA01452550

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452551.pdf
----------------------------------------
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, Feb 7, 2014 at 6:04 PM 
Subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
 Forwarded message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: wed, Feb 5, 2014 at 4:38 PM 
Subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
 Forward 
me 
e  
From: Tazia Smith 
Date: -rue, Feb 4, 
a 
: 
PM 
Subject: Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: jeevacation 
Cc: Paul Morris 
Vinit Sahni 
Nay 
Gupta 
a e 5 epanian 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey -
Summary below takes into account the DB team's feedback. We agree with 
overall themes. Commentary here, further implementation detail below and to 
follow: 
- Specific recommendations for modifications to the thematic baskets (Please 
see Healthcare detailed below -back with specifics on each level) 
- Propose allocation to US Tech equity (cognizant though that you have 
private equity investments) 
- Propose additional opportunistic FX exposure (trades like your short CAD) 
- Energy renaissance will include trades on crude, in addition to equities 
that are beneficiaries of secular shift in underlying energy supply, and 
supply chains (not just the nat gas theme in the uS, but also companies like 
Hannon Armstrong (HASI) that finance energy efficiency) 
- we are reviewing PO v ID mortgages with rates where they are. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26576.gif) 
- NOt a typo on Proposed total of 105; original just didn't include the 
single names in Japan 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02321.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06893.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109652 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255836 
EFTA01452551

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452552.pdf
----------------------------------------
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03118.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
02/02/2014 08:59 PM 
subject: percentages get a read from your team 
Inline image 1 
$r*********************************************************A 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
Atrkfellirk***feirktf*Ailfetek*A*44Hd*Altriffe*site40**************Oirkteft**0 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
fr******4.********44*****44********44*teirfrtktete**44fifill****finfrk 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109653 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255837 
EFTA01452552

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452553.pdf
----------------------------------------
Healthcare 
Equity 
Bristol Myers 
Pfizer 
Merck 
thorned 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
Updated 
$ 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
Current 
Total 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
2.00 
Valeant 
1.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Actayis 
1.50 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Gilead 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
Mylan 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Endo Health 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
HCA 
0.50 
1.00 
1.00 
Rite Aid 
0.50 
0.50 
0.50 
Foundation Medical 
$ 
0.70 
0.70 
Ariad 
S 
0.10 
0.10 
Sangamo Biosciences 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Sieger! 
0.50 
$ 
0.60 
1.10 
Ager inn 
$ 
0.50 
0.50 
M/S 
1.00 
1.00 
Sub Total 
$ 
15.00 
15.00 $ 
2.40 
$ 
17.40 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109661 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255845 
EFTA01452553

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452554.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/18/201412:49:55 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: percentages get a rea • 
om your team 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey-
Would love to an through details of implementation. Could you give me a call when you have a moment? Or d you're back in NY I can run tw and go through it In 
person. 
Market rally last week (and Japan overnight. +3%) makes for a less opportune entry points on some of your asset classes. Healthcare's on a tear: you may have 
seen, Actavis, which is in the Healthcare basket we're looking to buy, Is up -8% after announcing a bid for Forrest Labs. 
Tech and Energy look attractive for entry. 
Ex: XLK currently $36.15. XLK Jan15 36 risk reversal. coiect -$0.40 net premiten and create a synthetic long for $35.60 (giving up dividends, of course) 
Have details of tech and energy baskets we can review (single names and options) 
Best, 
Tazia 
EMMA }am 
9.1 
Healthcare 
Energy Renaissance 
Financials 
-10 
Tech 
+5 
S&P Barrier Noce 
.5 
LAMM 
Single Stocks 
S 
-5 
EuropeanCredit 
i 
+20 
Eureitta0( Barrier Nets 
i
.5 
beta 
sink) Stocks 
Toon Swap lor Delta 1) 
Short Yen (premium) 
s 
FX•tecticatioremiumj 
ior .10 
Alternatives 
ir 
, 
105 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109664 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255848 
EFTA01452554

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452555.pdf
----------------------------------------
— Forwarded by Tata Smit 
0214/2014 12:09 PM --
From: 
Taste Sm 
To: 
Jeffrey Epsteki 4eevecationeamail.com 
Cc. 
Paul Morris 
Date 
02,14/2014 10:45AM 
Subject. 
Re: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team IC] 
Classification: Confidential 
Understood Jeffrey. 
Implementation:
Today/Mon (and Tuesday in US due to holiday Mon) start with 1/4 positions (within that 50mm allocation) across the direct 
equities (healthcare, energy, financials, tech, Japan, Europe) 
Topix TRS - add $3.5mm usd notional via swap and indirect hedge = gives you capital efficient leverage (financing 
3mL+70bps, —20% initial collateral). OR buy another $1mm of your DXJ (that position can represent your delta one 
allocation). Topix and DXJ charts below for your convenience. 
Today or Tuesday: Barrier notes - if we can achieve comparable terms (vol has come in) on that eurostoxx50/russell 2k 
(13mo, worst of >10% contingent minimum return, uncapped upside, 80% barrier) = consider 2.5mm (leaves 2.5mm to put 
to work in similar return profiles in europe and US) 
FX = opportunistic 
Let me know if this is implementation strategy works, or how you'd prefer. 
Thanks! 
Tazia 
TOPIX lyr Price History 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109665 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255849 
EFTA01452555

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452556.pdf
----------------------------------------
DX.3
y 
010-14•1043 
1st 40:0 
TPXDDVD 
18:59 
 --
"rev 1608.76 
furririsr: 
Save As 
Actions 
97) Edit • 
Table 
Line Chart 
- 
O -,>3" 
• 
all 
Ili 
ratialle 
" 
to` 
IT 
.5T 
May 
Daily' 
Sect.ntv; ;bey 
M °v 't 
Q 
Trick 
ef. Annotate 
News 
, Zoom 
• Last Price
1587.41 
T High on 01/08/14 1751.47 
- Average 
1548.28 
.1 Low on 02/15/13 1239.58 
Mar 
Jun 
2013 
Sep 
Dec 
2014 
le 1700 
4031E8 
► 1500 
► 1400 
I-1300 
,-1200 
DXJ lyr Price History 
DX3 VS a 
l 46.79 
- 
„re-
Al- 10:38 
Vol 1,068,304 
46.54 
WAsterns 
ast 
• Volume 
1.068M 
L 
SMAVG (15) 8.11411,
Mar 
" =Nil" 
P46.78/46.797 
9)(45 
46.84490 L 46.40P 
Val  49.778M 
SP-  9/1 kilt V"'"316 TIN! 
M4NM1' 
One Chart 
-01 lii•an 
"Mtn 
• 
&IN. %C, 
M EJt•nt 
Track 
v Annotate 
News 
, Zoom 
52.00 
50.00 
4S.00 
]• Last Price 
46.79 
44.00 
T High on 05/21/13 52.91 
42.00 
—9- Average 
46.9068 
Low on 02/25/13 39.60 
40.00 
20M 
j 
MEMI 
Jun 
Dec 
2013 
2014 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
NA
M 
Tel. 
Fax 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109666 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255850 
EFTA01452556

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452557.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ema 
PASS-CO-4v Pea faint. 
From' 
Jeffrey Epstein <teevaeabon@gmail.com> 
To' 
Tazia Smithedbidbcomi@DBAMERICAS. 
Date' 
02/14/201410:20 AM 
Subject. 
Fwd: percentages get a read from your tearn ICI 
-- 
Forwarded message -----
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com>
Date: Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 4:13 PM 
Subject: Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
I agree with your changes lets look at 50 million dollars to start 
On Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 1:26 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
------ Forwarded message -------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@amail.com>
Date: Fri, Feb 7, 2014 at 6:04 PM 
Subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacationegmail.com>
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Wed, Feb 5, 2014 at 4:38 PM 
Subject: Fwd: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation@gmail.com>
--- 
Forwarded message -----
From: Tazia Smith <tazia.smith@db.com>
Date: Tue, Feb 4, 2014 at 3:25 PM 
Subject: Re: percentages get a read from your team [C] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109667 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255851 
EFTA01452557

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452558.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 'eevacatione 
Cc: Paul Morris 
>, Vinit Sahni 
Vahe Stepanian < 
> 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
P., Nay Gupta 
Summary below takes into account the DB team's feedback. We agree with overall themes. 
Commentary here, further implementation detail below and to follow: 
- Specific recommendations for modifications to the thematic baskets (Please see Healthcare detailed 
below -back with specifics on each level) 
- Propose allocation to US Tech equity (cognizant though that you have private equity investments) 
- Propose additional opportunistic FX exposure (trades like your short CAD) 
- Energy renaissance will include trades on crude, in addition to equities that are beneficiaries of 
secular shift in underlying energy supply, and supply chains (not just the nat gas theme in the US, but 
also companies like Hannon Armstrong (HASI) that finance energy efficiency) 
- We are reviewing PO v 1O mortgages with rates where they are. 
E07221211 iiiMIS 
Healthcare 
Energy Renaissance 
Financials 
-10 
Tech 
r 
+5 
S&P Barrier Note 
+5 
Limn 
Single Stocks 
-5 
EuropeanCredit 
r 
+10 
Eurostorx Barrier Note 
r 
-5 
Man 
Single Stocks 
Topiatiato lor Delta 1) 
Short Yen (premium) 
-8 
-8 
Viilitilifil1111110/031 
sor .10 
Alttinativirs 
-7 
105 
100 
- Not a typo on Proposed total of 105; original just didn't include the single names in Japan 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109668 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255852 
EFTA01452558

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452559.pdf
----------------------------------------
otal 
Equity 
Bristol Myers 
2.50 
$ 
2.00 
2.00 
Pfizer 
2.50 
2.00 
2.00
Merck 
$ 
2.50 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Valliant 
1.50 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Actavis 
$ 
1.50 
1.00 
1.00 
Gilead 
1.50 
1.50 
$ 
1.50 
Mylan 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Endo Health 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
HCA 
0.50
$ 
1.00 
1.00
Rita Aid 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
0.50 
Foundation Medical 
$ 
0.70 
$ 
0.70 
Arise 
0.10 
0.10 
Sangamo Biosciences 
1.00 
1.00 
Biotin
0.50 
0.60 
1.10
Agerion 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
CVS 
1.00 
1.00 
Sub Total 
15.00 
S 
15.00 $ 
2.40 
S 
17.40 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners • US 
Deutsche Bar* Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Email 
Pasisitrwirr Peerfron 
From. 
Jeffrey Epstein tevecationeamaileom>
To' 
Tata SmiltVe 
Paul Morrisklbi 
Date. 
027021201406:59 PM 
Subject: 
percentages gel a mad from your team 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109669 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255853 
EFTA01452559

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452560.pdf
----------------------------------------
US 
Healthcare 
Equity 
Best°. Myers 
Pfizer 
S 
50 
$ 
tiC 
Marne 
50 
Valeant 
S 
150 
AMY'S 
$ 
Gilboa 
$ 
Mylan 
S
Endo Health 
FICA 
$ 
56 
Rio AM 
S 
C 
Sub Total 
15.00 
Energy 
Equity 
Lit only Renabence Thome 
S 15 00 
Sub Total 
Financials 
Equity 
Bank of America 
$ 
30 
Fixed.to-Float Preferreds• (QM Eligible) 
PM 6.75%. BBB, catiobe 2024 
$ 
3.00 
Cal- K 8.875% BB... callable 2023 
$ 
3.00 
Morton Stanley • F 8.875%. 88•. callable 2024 
200 
Ally- B 5.5016. B. callable 2016 
$ 
1.00 
Sub Total 
9.00 
Fixed Income 
Agency Interest Only Mortgages 5% Coupon 
S 
500 
Agorcy interest Only Mortgages 4.5% Coupon 
S 
00 
Sub Total 
S 10.00 
I Dial 
S 
Ou 
Europe 
Equity Recovery 
Consumer 
Carucci., 
S 
50 
Financial 
'Mesa Sanpaolo 
1.50 
Auto 
Vo*swagon 
S 
1.50 
AcNertisino 
JC Gems 
1.50 
Stamp 
Meow 
S 
1.50 
insurance 
Grupo Catalano 
0.50 
Healthcare 
Roche Holdings 
S 
00 
Energy 
Total 
00 
Sub Total 
10.00 
Eurostoxx Darner Note 
10.00 
Total 
20.00 
Japan 
Equity 
Sumitomo 
0.50 
rt.L",i"LC 
Mitsui Fuclosen 
0.50 
Galen Life 
0.50 
Consumer 
Seven end I 
$ 
0.50 
Unrcharm 
0.50 
Exporters 
Sumitomo Electric 
0.50 
Toyota 
0.50 
Japan Tobacco 
S 
0.50 
Htachi 
0.50 
Advertising 
Dental' 
0.50 
Sub Total 
5.00 
rOPIX Della One Note 
7.00 
Foreign Exchange 
Lung USD: Short Yen ($5 hedge. $5 spec) 
13.00 
Total 
S 20 3C 
Alternatives 
Credit  
Watford Re: 
30 
Total 
$ 
8.00 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109670 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255854 
EFTA01452560

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452561.pdf
----------------------------------------
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255855 
DB-SDNY-0109671 
EFTA01452561

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452562.pdf
----------------------------------------
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
****************************************** 
*********** 
****** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use. disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacationegmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. It' you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this conmumication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109672 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255856 
EFTA01452562

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452563.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109673 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255857 
EFTA01452563

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452564.pdf
----------------------------------------
67411" 
... 
  : 771,471a.:77"7"-
:.1.11MPRINIRMIF 
SaUTHERN
Paps 
r .. 
Aa • 
: 
18Feb 2014 
Of 2 
Dadechs !MASAO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LW 
Rt;00ous 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
366364436/ 
SOJTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
2011ov2014 
25.11ov.2014 
(LOCO 030 C10; 
USD 
101.030000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
:sari. 24) 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364435/ 
SOUTHER! 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
204104014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUICPEAN 
0.0000 
1385566 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364438/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21Nov-2013 
20-Nov2014 
25-Now2014 
121.CtX; CO) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1201364 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/ 
SOUTHER! 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.030 001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0000 
10347 52 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-A4x-2014 
(10.01 X000) 
USD 
11,003,000.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRODEAN 
CALL 
1,1000 
;98 455 Ceil 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-44%2014 
21Apv2014 
(10.COD.CCO00) 
USD 
11.300.003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
14,84438 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
31-.18n-2014 
01.May-2014 
07.May-2014 
(10.000.000 03) 
USD 
1,025,000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EL.RCPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
:153 772 23) 
745230011 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(242 W2 03! 
Islet 
(242.002.03) 
Statement ID : 18229820140218_20140219_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109676 
SDNY_GM_00255860 
EFTA01452564

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452565.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/19/2014 3:12:00 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140219 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/18/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,896,963.27 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
219,170.94 
)60E, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
203,689.02 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
193,576.90 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
39,920,184.27 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109678 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255862 
EFTA01452565

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452566.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
;  
To: 
Joseph Cothron 
Amanda Kirby I 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith I 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC as at 19 Feb 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140219_20140220_1.pdf; 182298_20140219_20140220_1.csv 
Valuations System rvaluations.system@db.comj 
2/19/2014 5:45:50 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_2309.pdf 
182298_20140219_20140220_1 
53870225 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109679 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255863 
EFTA01452566

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452567.pdf
----------------------------------------
67411" 
... 
  : 77471,Thin 1-7T.IIIIMPRIMPROF 
SaUTHERN
Page 
r .. 
Feb 2014 
Of 2 
Deutichs Bank AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LW 
RCOOkes 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
366364435E 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
20Nov2014 
25.1lov.2014 
(LOCO WO Cr.)) 
USD 
101,000000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
:Kqiaao 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/' 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUICPEAN 
0.0000 
14.065 72 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364438/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21Nov2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
121.Etti CO) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
12.19020 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/ 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
121.030 061 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0300 
10491 81 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-A4x-2014 
(10,01 X000) 
USD 
11,003,003.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRODEAN 
CALL 
1,1003 
(132 
44) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-A4x-2014 
21Apv2014 
(10.COD.CC000) 
USD 
11.300.003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
21,331.43 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
31-.1an-2014 
01.May-2014 
07.May-2014 
II0.030003M 
USD 
1,025,000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
(145.(63 II) 
745230011 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
' —' ,c22 t3,y !,:: 
Islet 
(259.480.74) 
Statement ID : 182298_20140219_20140220_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109681 
SDNY_GM_00255865 
EFTA01452567

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452568.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/20/2014 2:13:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140220 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/19/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,026,070.22 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
219,170.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,709.19 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
181,258.17 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
173,941.52 
NES, LLC 
276,217.27 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
39,475,184.27 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/19/14 
ACCT # 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
NES, LLC 
250,000.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109683 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255867 
EFTA01452568

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452569.pdf
----------------------------------------
Initiating Coverage of the Alternative Asset Managers; 8X is top pick 
we initiate coverage of 5 alternative asset managers (the "Alts") with Buys on 
Blackstone (BX), Carlyle Group (CG), & Oaktree capital (OAK) & Hold ratings on 
Apollo Global Mgmt (APO) & KKR & CO (KKR). Overall, these Alts are 
wellpositioned 
amid favorable cyclical tailwinds & strong secular dynamics, while 
valuations remain attractive. we favor the more-diversified Alts possessing 
less 
earnings variability & good distributable earnings (DE) growth profiles for 
2014-
2015; this dynamic favors BX & CG over APO & KKR for now, in our view, & we 
see 4Q earnings as a positive catalyst upon a better DE outlook for next 1-2 
years. we also like OAK'S more-traditional asset manager business profile. 
valuations still attractive as debate on valuing the Alts continues 
with volatile and less predictable earnings, the market has been reluctant to 
assign a comparable traditional asset manager P/E on the Alts' carried 
interest 
income stream, which accounted for over half of Alt's pretax income over the 
past 2 years. However, we see limitations in this legacy sum-of-parts 
valuation 
approach (valuing fee-earnings at much higher multiples than carried interest) 
primarily because of the longer-term reliability of carried interest 
converting 
into cash distributions for public unit holders. Thus, we prefer to value the 
Alts 
on longer-term 'distributable earnings' (DE), which is a proxy for cash flow 
and 
the basis for cash distributions to unit holders. On this approach, we think 
these S Alt managers can trade at a median 12-13x 8/8 on our 2015 DE 
forecasts, a year from now, which implies about 2 points of multiple expansion 
and over 15% price appreciation, and about 22% total return inclusive of 
median 6-7% distribution yields at current price levels. 
Both cyclical and secular themes are very positive 
In the current economic/capital markets cycle, the Alts are likely to 
increasingly 
benefit from realizing the value of their long-term investments (from sales 
via 
M&6,, IPOs, etc.) and distributing more cash to unit holders over 2014-15. 
Thus, we see a greater convergence of DE and the more volatile mark-tomarket-
driven economic net income (ENI), as the realization cycle gains 
momentum in 2014. Asset organic growth rates should remain healthy as 
strong investment performance track records enable fundraising to outpace 
outflows from realized distribution to LPs. Key secular trends favoring Alts 
are 
1) rising allocations globally to alternative assets by institutions, and 
increasingly, individuals, 2) a major competitive advantage in ability to 
generate patient capital and invest long-term and influence investment 
outcomes, 3) a greater role for Alts in financing, creating more capital 
deployment opportunities globally, & 4) increasing concentration of asset 
flows 
to the largest Alts, which favors these 5 stocks. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic08516.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - uS 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109685 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255869 
EFTA01452569

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452570.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobil= 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23896.gif) 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109686 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255870 
EFTA01452570

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452571.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
North Amer Ica 
United States 
Einem:Eat 
Brokers, Asset 
Managers & Exchanges 
Industry 
Alternative Asset 
Manager Initiation 
Strong Cyclical and Secular Trends 
Should Drive More Outperformance 
lu nit ilia Cover 3ge of the Alzeinative Asset Managers, BX i:, top pick 
We initiate coverage of 5 alternative asset managers (the "Alts") with Buys on 
Blackstone (BX), Carlyle Group (CG), & Oaktree Capital (OAK) & Hold ratings on 
Apollo Global Mgmt (APO) & KKR & Co (KKR). Overall, these Alts are well-
positioned amid favorable cyclical tailwinds & strong secular dynamics, while 
valuations remain attractive. We favor the more-diversified Alts possessing less 
earnings variability & good distributable earnings (DE) growth profiles for 2014-
2015; this dynamic favors BX & CG over APO & KKR for now, in our view, & we 
see 4Q earnings as a positive catalyst upon a better DE outlook for next 1-2 
years. We also like OAK's more-traditional asset manager business profile. 
Valuations still attracti -e as debate on valuing the Alts continues 
With volatile and less predictable earnings, the market has been reluctant to 
assign a comparable traditional asset manager P/E on the Alts' carried interest 
income stream, which accounted for over half of Alt's pretax income over the 
past 2 years. However, we see limitations in this legacy sum-of-parts valuation 
approach (valuing fee-earnings at much higher multiples than carried interest) 
primarily because of the longer-term reliability of carried interest converting 
into cash distributions for public unit holders. Thus, we prefer to value the Alts 
on longer-term 'distributable earnings' (DE), which is a proxy for cash flow and 
the basis for cash distributions to unit holders. On this approach, we think 
these 5 Alt managers can trade at a median 12-13x P/E on our 2015 DE 
forecasts, a year from now, which implies about 2 points of multiple expansion 
and over 15% price appreciation, and about 22% total return inclusive of 
median 6-7% distribution yields at current price levels. 
Both cyciEf.ili and 
themee-, are .ter? posit :,e 
In the current economic/capital markets cycle, the Alts are likely to increasingly 
benefit from realizing the value of their long-term investments (from sales via 
M&A, IP0s, etc.) and distributing more cash to unit holders over 2014-15. 
Thus, we see a greater convergence of DE and the more volatile mark-to-
market-driven economic net income (ENI), as the realization cycle gains 
momentum in 2014. Asset organic growth rates should remain healthy as 
strong investment performance track records enable fundraising to outpace 
outflows from realized distribution to LPs. Key secular trends favoring Alts are 
1) rising allocations globally to alternative assets by institutions, and 
increasingly, individuals, 2) a major competitive advantage in ability to 
generate patient capital and invest long-term and influence investment 
outcomes, 3) a greater role for Alts in financing, creating more capital 
deployment opportunities globally, & 4) increasing concentration of asset flows 
to the largest Alts, which favors these 5 stocks. 
These stocks have above-average risk profiles 
With greater leverage to economy & capital markets, the stocks should 
maintain higher betas vs. traditional asset managers. Key risks are: 1) a 
downturn in the US & global economy and market prices, 2) a major slowdown 
in capital deployment that could cause 2015 earnings to peak out, 3) an 
inability to narrow P/E gap vs. traditional managers given inherent earnings 
volatility and complicated financial structures & modeling, and 4) speculation 
of greater regulatory scrutiny and/or higher taxation on carried interest and/or 
the Alts' income within their partnership structures. 
Date 
January 2014 
Initiation of Coverage 
Brian F3exion. CFA. 
HIM 
hi:,' ciugo,.. 
Company 
Target Price 
OAK.N 
NA to 68.001USD) 
KKR.N 
NA to 25.00(USO) 
BX.N 
NA to 39.001USD) 
CG.00 
NA to 43.00(USD) 
APO.N 
NA to 31.001USD) 
&son Datae,A• Sank 
Rating 
NR to Buy 
NR to Hold 
NR to Buy 
NR to Buy 
NR to Hold 
100 ri , k‘ 
The Blackstone Group 18/C1405030.52 
Sarno 0/anewSire 
Buy 
t`,011f.i;fl 
Apollo Global Management 
Hold 
(APO.N1.USD31.74 
2012A 2013E 2014E 
EPS (USD) 
3.82 
4.65 
2.50 
P/E (xl 
3.7 
7.0 
12.7 
EV/EBITDA (xl 
The Blackstone Group IBX.NLUS030.52 
Buy 
2012A 2013E 2014E 
EPS (USD) 
1.77 
2.56 
3.09 
P/E (x) 
8.1 
11.9 
9.9 
EV/EBITDA lxl 
- 
- 
- 
The Carlyle Group MC.001,1.6035.72 
2012A 2013E 
Buy 
2014E 
EPS (USD) 
2.04 
2.84 
2.70 
P/E (x/ 
11.8 
12.6 
13.2 
EV/EBITDA (xl 
KKR & Co. (KKR.N).USD24.00 
Hold 
2012A 2013E 2014E 
EPS (USD/ 
2.90 
2.87 
2.33 
P/E (al 
4.8 
8.4 
10.3 
EV/EBITDA 
Oakum Capital Group (OAK.NIMSD57.36 
2012A 2013E 
Buy 
2014E 
EPS (USD) 
4.06 
6.06 
4.36 
P/E (xl 
9.7 
9.5 
13.2 
EV/EBITDA lxl 
seem Aar  Sr* 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should 
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should 
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST 
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA(P) 054/0412013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SONY-0 109687 
SDNY_GM_00255871 
EFTA01452571

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452572.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Investment Summary 
Strong cyclical & secular trends should drive further outperformance for Ms 
over the next 12 months 
Five key themes to drive the stocks this year 
Differentiating the Alts 
Business mix differences across the firms 
Theme I 
How should the alternative asset managers be valued? 
Theme II 
Is rising demand for alternatives secular or cyclical? 
Theme III 
Where do we stand in the private equity cycle? 
Theme IV 
How is the complexion and role of the Alts changing? 
Theme V 
What are the near-term and long-term risks for these stocks, especially after 
surging prices in 2013? 
Apollo Global Management 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
The Blackstone Group 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
The Carlyle Group 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
KKR & Co 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
Oaktree Capital Group 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
Pdyi• 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109688 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255872 
EFTA01452572

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452573.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Theme II Is rising demand for alternatives secular or cit.:le:all' 
Our answer: we believe it Is secular, though will require investors to be patient 
in steep market downturns (as the alternative managers are►. The Alts benefit 
from their long-term investing mandates (-5-10 years) and cannot only hold 
their positions through cycles but can also influence investment returns by 
managing their portfolio companies operations, business strategy, and capital 
structure- along with adding to their positions in downturns to improve returns 
after the cycle turns back up. For long-term investors, the return profiles have 
largely been superior to investments in publicly-traded securities, and this is 
being increasingly noticed in a world of more muted returns. Not only are 
institutional investors seeing greater merit in this investing approach, but 
individual investors are increasingly clamoring for products that can deliver 
stronger long-term returns. 
Dicey. ili Where do i.c‘r, stand in the private equity cycle? 
Our answer: we are roughly midway through the realization part of the cycle 
(cash earnings ramping up and possibly peaking in 2015-16), though strong 
fundraising and business line diversification may limit the "valley" that would 
typically come afterwards. With four of these five Alts starting out as private 
equity/buyout shops, they are still heavily levered to the economic cycle - i.e. 
portfolio returns/earnings marked down a lot in a recession - further 
exacerbated by fear of a fundraising drought. However, we think the traditional 
cycle is becoming somewhat more muted (as is the cyclicality of these firms) 
given a better backdrop for fundraising and capital deployment than would 
normally be the case at this point in the cycle. This should give the firms 
capacity to roughly maintain cash earnings levels after what is likely to be a 
heavy realization cycle over 2014.16. This said, we think distributable earnings 
growth will become more challenged after 2015 for some time, especially if 
global markets endure a prolonged downturn. 
Therrk IV. Hoer is the cornelexion & role of the alternative managers. changing? 
Our answer: the Ms are playing a more Important role in financing & capital 
markets, and when coupled with increasing diversification into fee-based 
businesses and across asset classes, the Ma should generate a steadier cash 
earnings profile over the long-tern. As in their DNA, the Alts are innovating in 
ways that greatly leverage their capabilities, which is expanding both capital 
deployment opportunities (e.g. increasing roles in financing, investing more 
outside the US) and also product capabilities - across asset classes and in 
distribution (e.g. products structured for individual investors). This should also 
drive PIE expansion for the stocks over the long-term as the more predictable 
fee-component of their earnings increases (still more valuable) and the 
diversity of their revenue streams improves by asset class and product type. 
Theme V: What are the near and lontiterm risks for these stocks, especially 
Surging St:1GL pnCts hi 2013 -) 
Our answer: these stocks no doubt have above-average risk profiles, and the 
risk list is quite long both near-term and long-term - though we see the current 
place In the cycle and the Ms' efforts to diversify as helping to mitigate these 
risks. With the stocks up a median 60% in 2013, the risks naturally become 
worth considering to a greater extent than over the past year. However, we 
see near-term downside being limited as long as the cyclical tailwinds remain 
favorable (e.g. strengthening economy, good capital markets activity with 
stable-to-higher market levels, good fundraising & organic growth). 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109691 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255875 
EFTA01452573

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452574.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Earnings profiles in 2014 should also remain supportive, with increasing 
realizations generating good sequential distributable earnings growth for at 
least the next several quarters. However, longer-term as the economic cycle 
matures, fears of a slowdown or recession may percolate and this could 
become negative for the stocks if realizations begin to wane, especially if the 
Alts' valuations have improved significantly. This does not appear to be on the 
horizon for at least 2014 given current expectations for continued growth in 
the economy and a relatively benign interest rate backdrop. 
Longer-term however (-2017-19), we think it will become difficult to grow 
from potentially peak distributable earnings in 2015-16 for much of the group, 
given the firms will have likely exhausted a large portion of embedded gains 
through realizations. To combat this, the firms will need to maintain the current 
healthy pace of fundraising for at least the next 1-2 years and be able to deploy 
capital in attractive opportunities, which could become scarcer if capital 
markets remain robust. Growing fee-based assets and shifting the business 
mix toward traditional asset management will also help to reduce the negative 
cyclical impact to DE post the realization cycle. 
Other considerations and possible pushback on our generally bullish thesis 
(and discussed in more detail in the report) are: 1) higher interest rates will 
impede returns given higher financing costs for portfolio companies. 2) 
earnings are very difficult to model both in the short- and long-term, hence 
reducing conviction in stocks with low forecasting ability, 3) the 
corporate/partnership organizational and financial structure is complex & 
difficult to become comfortable with, 4) the units and their distribution 
structure are prohibitive for some investment portfolios, and 5) the public 
floats are low and there is long-term overhang as partners monetize stakes. 
Differentiating the companies 
As common as the industry trends are for these 5 Alts, the companies are each 
quite different in terms of business mix, heritage, management philosophies 
and earnings dynamics. Figure 3 shows a brief snapshot of key business mix 
differences - we provide a more detailed overview starting on the next page 
'Figure 3: Alternative Manager Business Mir. by Reported Segment and Revenue Type 
APO 
EC( 
CG 
KKR 
Business Line 
Ftivate Equity 
72% 
27% 
62% 
42% 
0% 
Credit 
27% 
14% 
0% 
0% 
93% 
Real Estate 
0% 
46% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
Capital Markets 
0% 
0% 
0% 
51% 
0% 
RJblIC Market Strategies 
0% 
0% 
18% 
7% 
7% 
Alternatives Advisory 
0% 
12% 
11% 
0% 
0% 
Real Assets 
0% 
0% 
9% 
0% 
0% 
Business Advisory 
0% 
2% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
OAK 
Average 
Pretax Economic Income Mix (2012.148 
41% 
19% 
16% 
12% 
5% 
5% 
1% 
1% 
Revenue Type 
Revenue Mix by Type (2012.14E) 
Average 
Fees 
34% 
42% 
46% 
31% 
48% 
40% 
Carried Merest & hcentives 
61% 
48% 
52% 
41% 
43% 
49% 
Principal & other income 
5% 
9% 
2% 
28% 
9% 
11% 
Nett &a 
mangy repomf *eras% Pus ears 
me/ /a Ours is n .r.'t 
the es* n  and 
ear
, / 0-4,c "When nen'ea,  w au 
San, Cmwrr  mrr. al D.ScA• aw* 
Page 6 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109692 
SDNY_GM_00255876 
EFTA01452574

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452575.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Differentiating the Alts 
Different profiles across the group will impact ••✓aluations 
While the Alt stocks may tend to move in lockstep many times given their 
business mix distinction vs. other financials, we think it will be very important 
to understand the different business attributes across the firms as the earnings 
and risk profiles for each should drive material performance divergences, 
including much different growth dynamics in DE over 2014.16 (Figure 4). 
(Figure 4: 1)B Forecast: for AR:: DhAriblitab]e Ear ninq 
CB Annual DEner unit estimates 
per unit 
CAGR 
Ails 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
AFO 
$1.84 
$3.82 
$3.22 
$2.70 
$2.24 
5.0% 
BX 
$0.93 
$1.40 
$2.33 
$2.91 
52.98 
33.9% 
CG 
$2.00 
52.11 
$2.84 
$3.38 
53.72 
16.8% 
KKR 
$2.06 
$2.01 
$1.99 
$2.09 
$2.19 
1.6% 
OAK 
$3.82 
$5.70 
$5.14 
$5.40 
$5.80 
11.0% 
Growth rates of DB DE estim ates 
Alts 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
APO 
107.0% 
-15.6% 
-16.2% 
-16.8% 
BX 
51.0% 
66.1% 
24.9% 
2.7% 
CG 
5.5% 
34.3% 
19.2% 
10.0% 
KKR 
-2.5% 
-1.2% 
5.0% 
5.2% 
OAK 
49.1% 
-9.8% 
5.0% 
7.5% 
Median 
49.1% 
-1.2% 
5.0% 
5.2% 
Sane Can's, worn And Detach* NN 
On the following several pages, we outline the differences in firm heritage and 
management philosophy and a variety of business mix dynamics that we think 
will help to portray their risk profiles and earnings leverage and sensitivities. 
Importantly, each of these firms are "investors" at their core, and have 
generated outstanding investment performance track records over time, which 
in our view is the primary reason for their size and stature today as industry 
leaders in their respective fields. 
Apollo Global Mgmt (APO).-Great returns but with more peaks & valleys 
Founded by Chairman & CEO Leon Black in 1990, APO's investment 
orientation is largely credit-driven private equity control - hence the nature is 
to take larger and more-concentrated bets than peers at more distressed price 
points - with the view that the entry valuation is a major portion of long-term 
IRR and their risk appetite and ability to engineer complicated financial 
structures is a competitive advantage. While Figure 3 shows APOs credit 
business mix at only 27%, this understates the firms leverage to credit 
investing - indeed the mix should move above 40% this year with the addition 
of $44bn AuM from the Aviva insurance acquisition via APOs Athene insurance 
investment. This will help leverage APO's credit expertise by investing the 
insurer's balance sheet, while also improving APOs fee-related earnings profile 
(a long-term positive that will help buffer cyclical troughs in carried interest 
revenue). 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109693 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255877 
EFTA01452575

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452576.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
KKR & Co. (KKR)-Balance sheet leverages investing acumen, but adds risk 
Founded in 1976 by Co-CEOs Henry Kravis & George Roberts, along with 
Jerome Kohlberg, KKR is a pioneer of the modern private equity firm, starting 
out as a leveraged buyout shop that grew into core private equity. From an 
investing perspective, we see KKR's core philosophy as a more traditional 
fundamental equity investor, with a focus on deep industry knowledge, but 
willing to make very concentrated bets with an attempt to leverage high 
conviction ideas to a greater extent than peers. This has permeated the firm's 
culture from the start and continues today, most recently exemplified by its 
balance sheet growth strategy, which is differentiated from peers. 
A valuation battleground stock, but we see greater risk profile restraining PE: 
With more concentrated positions and its balance sheet strategy, we view KKR 
risk profile as the highest among these five Alts. Although we see the merits of 
the strategy - investing to a greater extent alongside its LPs, enabling flexibility 
to deploy capital more nimbly, and levering its investment acumen into 
stronger potential earnings (while also improving consistency of a recurring 
distribution), the greater balance sheet size is likely to drive considerably more 
earnings volatility and restrain KKR's P/E to levels below peers. That said, we 
view the valuation debate as the most controversial in this stock within the 
group, with good arguments on both sides. Also, like peers, KKR is diversifying 
into more fee-based business that may enable a steadier DE profile over the 
longer-term, albeit with a more volatile ENI profile. Overall, we do not see a 
significant positive valuation catalyst currently, especially with the recent 
market sell-off, and the higher risk profile drives our Hold rating for now. 
Oak tree Capita€ Gittatp (OAK)-Conservative OE Edit invez.1 ment manager 
Founded in 1995 by Chairmen Howard Marks and President & CIO Bruce Karsh, 
Oaktree's investment foundation is in credit, and the firm is widely regarded as 
among the most astute credit investors. We view the company as more akin to 
a traditional asset manager, with an alternative "twist", given a more pure 
focus on investing and less on business line development vs. these five peers. 
Still, we would place OAK squarely in the alternatives camp given its private 
control investing ability and willingness to participate in financing and complex 
capital structures to a degree most traditional asset managers can't. 
A lower risk profile emanating from a better fee mix and purer business focus: 
We especially like OAK's financial profile, with a greater mix of recurring fee-
based revenue, and incentive income that is more weighted toward 
performance fees vs. higher carried interest at peers. We also like OAK's 
conservative value-oriented and distressed investing strategy, and while 
seeming risky at times, the performance track record has been outstanding 
with few misses, and the income stream from its investments drives a steadier 
AuM profile. We also see substantial growth opportunities for OAK by 
launching more tangential products (as opposed to new businesses) and 
benefiting from the slower supply of credit from banks, especially in Europe. 
This more reliable DE stream helps drive our Buy thesis, along with further PIE 
expansion toward traditional asset managers. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109695 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255879 
EFTA01452576

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452577.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Business n ix differences across the fir ins 
Figure 5 (repeated from page 6) shows the business mix differences across the 
five Alts by reported business segment as well as revenue type. Figures 6 and 
show the aggregated totals for these five firms graphically for the combined 
annual periods of 2012-2014E. The key takeaway is that private equity (at over 
40% of economic income) stills forms the foundation of the business mix for 
these firms (aside from OAK). This also explains the high proportion of revenue 
from carried interest and incentive fees (at nearly half), which is the primary 
revenue model for private equity (i.e. the Alts receive roughly 20% of the 
portfolio investment gains after achieving hurdle rates around 8% annually, in 
most cases). 
[Figure 5: Alternative Manager Business Mi>. 
APO 
Business Line 
Private Equity 
72% 
27% 
62% 
42% 
0% 
Credit 
27% 
14% 
0% 
0% 
93% 
Real Estate 
0% 
46% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
Capital Markets 
0% 
0% 
0% 
51% 
0% 
Public Market Strategies 
0% 
0% 
18% 
7% 
7% 
Alternatives Advisory 
0% 
12% 
11% 
0% 
0% 
Real Assets 
0% 
0% 
9% 
0% 
0% 
Business Advisory 
0% 
2% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
Repotted Segment and Heyenue Type 
BX 
CG 
KKR 
Pretax Economic Income Mix (2012.14E) 
OAK 
Average 
Revenue Type 
Revenue Mix by Type (2012.14E) 
Average 
Fees 
34% 
42% 
46% 
31% 
48% 
40% 
Carried Interest & hcentives 
61% 
48% 
52% 
41% 
43% 
49% 
Principal & other income 
5% 
9% 
2% 
28% 
9% 
11% 
Sourct Conran. none and brad. Sn 
[Figure 6: Aggregate income mix by reported segment 
• Private Equity 
• Credit 
• Real Estate 
• Capital Matkets 
• Public Market Strategies 
• Alternatives Advisory 
at Real Assets 
• Civilness Advisory 
Nat he 20,244£ 
Sane anpre repeal aid Dewed. £W 
Page 10 
(Figure 7: Aggregate revenue mix by characteristic 
Nat For 2012.14W 
Caron 
__J
i top2 
dr4Ortaelst Eant 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255880 
DB-SDNY-0 109696 
EFTA01452577

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452578.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Fee-based revenue, mostly as a portion of fee-based assets under 
management (FPAuM) but also from a variety of transaction fees, accounts for 
40% of the revenue while principal investing (proprietary investments on 
balance sheet, mostly alongside limited partners (LPs) in the funds), makes up 
over 10%. Over the past several years (and to some extent over past couple 
decades), the Alts have increasingly attempted to diversify their businesses 
into other tangential areas to private equity, usually leveraging capabilities in 
private equity but also to tap into new growth areas, most of which have a 
greater fee-based nature. We expect this trend to continue, and to help bolster 
valuations over time, although the cyclicality of mark-to-market based carry 
revenue may dwarf the growth in fee revenue over prolonged periods. 
AuM organic growth likely to remain good despite oncoming realization cycle 
In figure 8, we show a variety of metrics around assets under management 
(AuM) and fee-paying assets under mgmt (FPAuM). Given the revenue model 
of private equity is oriented toward the more lucrative carried interest (i.e. the 
20% of total net investment return the general partner receives, usually after 
passing about an 8% annual return hurdle), the AuM metrics are less 
meaningful vs. traditional asset managers, particularly as the FPAuM is usually 
based on committed capital (before investment returns). Hence vs. a traditional 
asset manager, the Alts get a better revenue participation of their investment 
returns vs. just fees on AuM. Still, the Ails' AuM growth profiles are important, 
and we see relatively good organic growth and fundraising trends as essential 
in commanding better P/Es over the long-term. 
Overall, Figure 8 shows a fairly choppy organic growth profile across the group, 
which can be more influenced by the pace of realizations and shifts between 
AuM and FPAuM. Still, the table shows BX, followed by CG as the largest by 
AuM and also most diversified across businesses, with BX and CG being 
leaders in private equity from AuM perspective, OAK the largest in credit, 
followed closely by BX and APO, and BX by far the largest in real estate - an 
asset class that is a differentiating aspect for BX vs. peers in terms of business 
mix. 
Figure 8: Assets under Mgmt Metrics for the Alts, in Sbn 
AuM Metrics 
APO 
BX 
CG 
KKR 
OAK 
AuM 3013 
$111.5 
$248.1 
$185.0 
$90.2 
$79.8 
AuM Net Flows 2013E 
-$1.4 
$12.8 
-$1.4 
$10.8 
-$4.9 
Organic Gth Rate 
-1.3% 
6.1% 
-0.8% 
14.3% 
-63% 
FPAuM 3013 
$79.3 
$188.6 
$137.9 
$73.6 
$66.9 
FPAuM Net Flow a 2013E 
$10.5 
-$0.9 
$14.0 
$14.6 
$5.0 
Organic Gth Rate 
12.8% 
-0.6% 
11.4% 
24.0% 
7.5% 
Fee rate 2013E 
0.81% 
0.96% 
0.74% 
0.99% 
1.07% 
AuM by Business 3013: 
Private Equity 
$42.8 
$62.6 
$62.2 
$59.7 
$4.0 
°edit 
$59.4 
$63.3 
NA 
WA 
$71.8 
Real Estate 
$9.3 
$69.0 
WA 
WA 
$4.0 
Riblic Market Strategies 
WA 
WA 
$35.4 
$30.5 
WA 
Alternatives Advisory 
WA 
$53.2 
$48.4 
WA 
WA 
Real Assets 
WA 
WA 
$39.0 
WA 
WA 
Total AuM 
$111.5 
$248.1 
$185.0 
$90.2 
$79.8 
Savo Cannamnageen are/ OI~I4 Sin 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109697 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255881 
EFTA01452578

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452579.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Closed-end fund metrics (mostly plivate equity) are much more important 
More pertinent to the earnings power for the Alts is where they stand in the 
private equity cycle within their specific funds (not just private equity funds but 
also funds with similar structures in credit, real estate, real assets, etc). We 
highlight the most important factors below, in a chronological cycle order (i.e. 
raise assets from LPs, invest them, return them to LPs along with returns on 
those assets of which the LP gets about 80% and the GP gets the remaining 
20% which it shares with the GP partners, staff, and public unit holders): 
Fund assets raised; 
Dry powder (capital committed by LPs but yet to be called from LPs 
and invested); 
• 
Capital deployed (invested by the GP) 
• 
Funds in a position to accrue and earn carried interest incentives; 
• 
Carried interest accrued via mark-to-market gains, but yet to be 
realized; and 
• 
Realizations & distributions back to LPs, that generate realized gains 
and distributable earnings to the GP and ultimately, public unit holder. 
While we cover this topic in more detail within Theme III (private equity cycle) 
in the report, Figure 9 provides a snapshot of where the Alt firms stand 
currently across several of these measures. The overall observation is that 
fundraising in general remains relatively healthy, and high levels of "dry 
powder" imply strong potential for long-term realizations & distributable 
earnings, though this dry powder is not likely to generate realized for turns for 
at least 6-8 years, on average. 
Across the Alts, we note fundraising in 2013 is particularly strong for APO, BX, 
KKR, while lighter levels of capital deployed at APO relative to its size (and 
relative to its realizations) provides a telling story about mgmt's view of the 
cycle (i.e. harvest gains and be cautious about deploying capital). Also, while 
better to be in a higher carry position, firms with lighter carry ratios (BX, CG, 
OAK) are under-earning from a DE perspective, thus enabling better future DE 
growth when (and of course, if) their funds move into carry. We note this will 
be quite additive to DE for BX and CG in 2014 if BCP V (BX) and CEP III (CG) 
move into carry. In addition, accrued performance fees yet to be realized are 
also leading indicators for DE, and we note CG and OAK in particular have 
sizeable net accrued performance fees to earn on a cash basis relative to their 
share prices. 
hqure 0: Key closed-end fund metrics lraostly PE structure). Snin 
Key PE Fund Metrics 
APO 
BX 
CG 
KKR 
OAK 
Funds rased 2013E 
$21.388 
$37,874 
$12,470 
$21.884 
$6.417 
Capitaldeployed 2013E 
$3,893 
$13,515 
$14,373 
$7,591 
$4.411 
Dry powder 3013 
$18,267 
438,622 
551,147 
522,718 
$12,344 
Gross realizations 2013E 
$21,726 
$26.095 
521.716 
$9.754 
$11,338 
at% of assets in carry 3013 
97% 
76% 
82% 
90% 
76% 
Net accrued pert' fees 3013 
$1.254 
$2.769 
$1.535 
$971 
$1,306 
Accrd perf fees/UM 
tem 
$2.42 
54.93 
51.37 
$8.80 
% of current uni price 
9.9% 
7.8% 
13.7% 
5.6% 
14.9% 
Savor Cow, espats erre Putsch* Ow* 
Page 12 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109698 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255882 
EFTA01452579

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452580.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Changes in business mix may drive valuation differences over time 
Figures 10-14 show our forecasts for business mix for each of the Alts through 
2016, by measure of pretax economic income by business line, and by revenue 
type. While there are numerous observations to make, we highlight the 
following for each Alt: 
APO's business mix (Figure 10) should shift sharply toward credit in 2014, as 
the acquisition of $44bn in Aviva assets by Athene (managed by APO) raises 
APOs relative fee contribution (a positive). However, lower realizations mostly 
in private equity following a heavy realization period in 2012-13 (and into this 
year) are partly behind the mix shift. While we expect the overall compression 
in revenue and income in 2014 to be a negative for APO units, the higher fee 
component and more diversified mix between private equity and credit should 
be a longer-term positive. However we also do not see economic income or 
revenue reaching peak 2013 levels within our forecast horizon. 
jFigure 10: APO - DB forecasts for El by segment & revenue by type ($mn) 
Pretax Economic Income (B) 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
litliale Gluey 
31.199 
$1,646 
$632 
$598 
1548 
•17.6% 
Oedil 
$443 
$389 
$479 
$426 
$518 
40% 
Real Estate 
-$8 
-$7 
$30 
$32 
$22 
Total 
$1.634 
$2.028 
$1,141 
$1.056 
$1.088 
-9.7% 
Ave rage 
Segments 
Pretax B Business Mix 
2012.16E 
Rid 810 Eget,/ 
73.4% 
81.2% 
55.4% 
56.7% 
50.4% 
63.4% 
Cede 
27.1% 
19.2% 
42.0% 
40.3% 
47.6% 
35.2% 
Real Estate 
-0.5% 
-0.4% 
2.7% 
3.0% 
2.0% 
1.4% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Revenues by Type 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
Fees 
$811 
$970 
$1331 
11.249 
$1340 
13.4% 
Carried Wisest a boontivos 
$2.164 
$2.725 
$679 
$610 
$527 
.29.8% 
Rincipal& other income 
$141 
$156 
$202 
5222 
$233 
13.4% 
Total 
13.116 
$3850 
$2211 
$2,081 
$2.099 
.9.4% 
Ave rage 
Segments 
Revenue Mix by Type 
2012.16E 
Fees 
26.0% 
25.2% 
60.2% 
60.0% 
63.8% 
47.0% 
Carried Sweat a boanliese 
69.4% 
70.8% 
30.7% 
29.3% 
25.1% 
45.1% 
Prinotela other inoorre 
4.5% 
4.0% 
9.1% 
10.7% 
11.1% 
7.9% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
1000% 
SO.Yet COMM" /Moore fad 001.601. SW* 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255883 
DB-SDNY-0 109699 
EFTA01452580

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452581.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
For BX (Figure 11) we expect stronger intermediate-term growth as BX' 
realization cycle matures over the next 1-2 years, we think peaking in 2015 or 
later. Combined with good organic growth trends, we see El and revenue 
growing at a double digit pace, largely through a realization cycle (2012-16). In 
addition, we do not see a dramatic change in the business mix over time, with 
variances more attributable to market performance and realization timing. This 
is testament to BX' philosophy in growing the firm in diverse areas and 
maintaining leadership positions in key areas - private equity, real estate, 
credit, and alternatives advisory. 
Figure I 1 BX 
DE> forecasts for El by segment 
ret.ien tie by type (Si n) 
Pretax Economic Income (B) 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
Reale Equky 
$412 
$742 
$1,172 
$1.312 
$879 
20.8% 
Real Estate 
$999 
VAS 
51.462 
$1A48 
$1,142 
3.4% 
Hedge Fund Editions 
$257 
$342 
$412 
$518 
$724 
29.6% 
Oedi 
$325 
$374 
$493 
$419 
$420 
6.6% 
A de ism 
$47 
$52 
$93 
$110 
$119 
26.1% 
Total 
$2,041 
$2,908 
$3,632 
$3908 
$3,285 
12.6% 
Average 
Segments 
Pretax B Business Mix 
2012.16E 
Reale Equky 
20.2% 
24.8% 
32.3% 
34.5% 
28.8% 
27.7% 
Real Estate 
49.0% 
49.6% 
40.2% 
38.0% 
34.8% 
42.3% 
Hedge Fund Sobti:os 
12.6% 
11.4% 
11.4% 
13.6% 
22.0% 
14.2% 
Oodi 
15.9% 
12.5% 
13.6% 
11.0% 
12.8% 
13.2% 
Advisory 
2.3% 
1.7% 
2.6% 
2.0% 
3.6% 
2.6% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Revenues by Type 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
Fees 
$2.135 
$2.285 
$2.686 
$3.024 
$3294 
11.4% 
Carried Heckel & noontime 
$1,594 
$2.884 
53.676 
$3.787 
$2,564 
12.5% 
Rncipal & other none 
$338 
$605 
$631 
$613 
$645 
17.5% 
Total 
$4,067 
$5.775 
$6.995 
$7,424 
$6,493 
12.4% 
Average 
Segments 
Revenue Mix by Type 
2012.16E 
Fees 
52.5% 
39.6% 
38.4% 
40.7% 
50.7% 
44.4% 
Carried Wettest & hcenteres 
392% 
49.9% 
52.5% 
51.0% 
39.3% 
46.4% 
Rincipald other heart 
8.3% 
10.5% 
9.0% 
8.3% 
9.9% 
92% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
San canon moans *xi Deutodit Sont 
Page 14 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255884 
DB-SDNY-0 109700 
EFTA01452581

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452582.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
For CG (Figure 12), somewhat similar to BX, we also expect relatively good 
growth, somewhat slower, but also steadier, and with a potential of modest 
growth after realizations peak around 2015-16. We also expect the business 
mix to remain relatively stable, with the growth in Solutions aided by the 
acquisition of the remaining 60% of Alpinvest late this year. With realizations 
beginning to slow in 2016 and with CG's stronger organic growth, we expect 
the fee component of the mix to also improve throughout our forecast horizon. 
'Figure 12: CG — 013 forecasts for El by segment & revenue by type (Sinn) 
Pretax Economic Income (B) 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
corporate PI iv ale Equdy 
$479 
$788 
$511 
6514 
$449 
-16% 
Global Market Seato% 
$116 
$210 
$147 
6165 
$244 
10.3% 
Real Assets 
$67 
$16 
$167 
$203 
$160 
24.4% 
Sorties 
$24 
$90 
$200 
$201 
$196 
683% 
Total 
5736 
$1,104 
31.025 
$1662 
$1 049 
93% 
Average 
segments 
Pretax B Business Mix 
2012.16E 
Corporate Reale Ern* 
651% 
71.4% 
49.8% 
47.5% 
42.8% 
55.3% 
Global Market Strategies 
22.5% 
19.0% 
14.3% 
15.3% 
23.3% 
18.9% 
Real Assets 
9.1% 
1.4% 
16.3% 
187% 
15.3% 
12.2% 
Solutians 
3.3% 
82% 
195% 
185% 
18.7% 
13.6% 
Tool 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
1000% 
Revenues by Type 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
Fees 
$993 
$1,115 
$1.321 
$1,491 
$1.733 
14.9% 
Carried Interest & Inconliies 
$996 
$1,683 
61.200 
$1,256 
$1.033 
09% 
R repel & other income 
$55 
$20 
$87 
$99 
6109 
18.5% 
Tool 
$2.044 
$2,818 
$2,608 
$2,845 
62.875 
89% 
Average 
Segments 
Revenue Mix by Type 
2012.18E 
Foes 
48.6% 
39.6% 
50.7% 
52.4% 
60.3% 
50.3% 
Gamed Merest & reentries 
48.7% 
59.7% 
46.0% 
44.1% 
35.9% 
46.0% 
Rincipal 6 other income 
2.7% 
0.7% 
3.3% 
3.5% 
3.8% 
28% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
1000% 
Scutt CO,Aerr reterta rat Pinney 8sM 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255885 
DB-SDNY-0109701 
EFTA01452582

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452583.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
For KKR (Figure 13) we expect a relatively steady El and revenue profile over 
time, though with likely more volatility along the way upon market ups & 
downs, given the high portion of El from capital markets (mostly the firm's 
principal investments in funds on its balance sheet). We also see stronger 
growth in the public markets segment aided by growth initiatives and the 
likelihood for realizations to slow in the private markets segment. Positively, 
we expect the fee component of revenue to improve over time, although the 
principal investing contribution is likely sizeable at roughly 25% from a revenue 
perspective (with volatility) and closer to 40% from an El perspective given 
limited costs attributed to the balance sheet operations. This higher proportion 
of principal-driven income over time may continue to restrain KKR's PIE -
though this remains an active debate. 
iFigure 13. KKR - DB forecasts for El by segment et revenue by type (Sinn) 
Pretax Economic Income (B) 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
Reale Markets 
$832 
$935 
$715 
$776 
$624 
-6.9% 
Pubk Markets 
$103 
$166 
$175 
$198 
$237 
23.2% 
Caplet Martell* 
51.196 
$1.022 
$836 
$750 
$851 
-8.2% 
Total 
$2131 
$2.123 
$1.726 
$1.724 
51,711 
-5.3% 
Average 
Segments 
Pretax B Business Mix 
2012.16E 
Rkrale Mzekels 
39.0% 
44.0% 
41.4% 
45.0% 
36.4% 
41.2% 
Pak Mukets 
4.8% 
7.8% 
10.1% 
115% 
13.8% 
96% 
Copia' Markets 
56.1% 
48.1% 
48.4% 
43.5% 
49.7% 
49.2% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Revenues by Type 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
Fees 
$824 
$1,007 
$1201 
$1.262 
$1.300 
12.1% 
Carried Interest & hconbvos 
$1 .432 
$1.399 
$1156 
$1,097 
$881 
a1.4% 
Pettiest 8 other income 
$1111 
$932 
$737 
$631 
$720 
-10.3% 
Total 
13.367 
$3.338 
$3.034 
$2,990 
$2.901 
-3.7% 
Average 
Segments 
Revenue Mix by Type 
2012.16E 
Fees 
24.5% 
30.2% 
38.8% 
422% 
44.8% 
36.1% 
Owned Serest & hcensves 
42.5% 
41.9% 
37.4% 
36.7% 
30.4% 
37.8% 
Rincipal 8 other hews 
33.0% 
27.9% 
23.8% 
21.1% 
24.8% 
26.1% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Sane Comognr retorn rei Deosale Sent 
For OAK (Figure 14) we expect modest growth in El over time, though still not 
reaching 2013 peak within our forecast horizon (given strong contribution from 
Page 16 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255886 
DB-SDNY-0 109702 
EFTA01452583

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452584.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Theme I 
How should the alternative asset managers be valued? 
A key part of our investment thesis centers on at least modest PIE multiple 
expansion for the alternative asset managers relative to the traditional asset 
managers over the next 12 months. We think this will be driven by both 
cyclical and secular factors. As outlined within the report, the key positive 
cyclical factor is the current realization cycle, which we think is in about 
midstream and should continue to grow into 2015 before beginning to wane 
thereafter. This of course depends on market conditions, which began to 
improve more meaningfully in 2012 and have been especially favorable in 
2013. However, barring a prolonged market downturn, and provided equity 
markets are not extremely volatile and have a positive direction, conditions for 
portfolio position exits via IPOs, secondary offerings, and M&A, for example, 
should remain relatively favorable. 
This situation is likely to drive considerable improvement in distributable 
earnings (DE) growth, which is the closest measure to cash flow as it pertains 
to distributions being paid in cash to unit holders. Hence, we think the market 
will increasingly focus on this metric, at the expense of the more mark-to-
market-driven (and GAAP-like) economic net income (ENI), which forms 
Consensus and can also form valuations. Thus, the crux of our argument is 
that the earnings metric to value the Alts should transition to DE, which should 
be a favorable dynamic for the Alts at this part of the cycle, a condition likely 
lasting through 2014 and 2015. 
Figures 15-17 show our earnings forecasts for two different metrics (ENI and 
DE) for the Alts through 2016, with Figure 15 showing the ratio of DE to ENI. 
We regard this ratio as somewhat of an earnings quality measure, with a 
higher ratio of DE to ENI implying a larger proportion of ENI is distributable in 
cash to unit holders (with typical payout ratios on DE ranging from -75.95%.). 
'Figure 15: DB Forecasted Ratio of Annual DE as d 
c.f EN1 for the Alts 
DB Estimated Ratio of CEto 
Alts 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
AFO 
48% 
84% 
129% 
116% 
94% 
BX 
53% 
55% 
75% 
90% 
107% 
CG 
98% 
74% 
105% 
117% 
131% 
KKR 
71% 
70% 
85% 
89% 
95% 
OAK 
94% 
96% 
118% 
116% 
115% 
Median 
71% 
74% 
105% 
116% 
107% 
Same Caner" repot end 0—•eY+ 
The steadily improving ratio at BX and CG (to the extent our forecasts are 
correct) is a key pillar of our Buy theses for these stocks. OAK also has a 
relatively good ratio on an absolute level and trend. We also expect KKR's ratio 
to improve over time, though it will likely be much more volatile than we are 
forecasting given volatility in market returns forming ENI. In contrast, we 
expect APO's ratio to peak in 2014 given our expectation for realizations to 
begin slowing down in 2014 and through our forecast horizon. 
Page 18 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109704 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255888 
EFTA01452584

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452585.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Figures 18 and 19 compare our estimates vs. Consensus, with Figure 18 
shown on an ENI per unit basis, and Figure 19 shown on a distribution per unit 
basis (comparable to dividend per share forecasts, as Consensus DE forecasts 
are not readily available with a sizeable population). The Figures show our 
estimates for ENI are generally below Consensus, while our distribution 
forecasts are generally above Consensus. This above-Consensus view on 
distributions forms our more optimistic view on the Alt space - to the extent 
we are correct, and we think upside surprises in distributable earnings over the 
coming quarters will be a positive catalyst for valuation improvement. 
[Figure IS: DB Forecasts for ENI per unit for the Alts vs. Consensus 
400Y2013 
2014 
2016 
Alts 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
APO 
$0.82 
$0.80 
1.9% 
$2.50 
53.04 
-17.7% 
BX 
30.84 
5082 
2.3% 
$3.09 
$2.98 
3.7% 
CG 
$0.93 
$0.87 
6.8% 
$2.70 
33.17 
-14.8% 
KKR 
$0.96 
$0.89 
8.4% 
52.33 
$2.52 
-7.5% 
OAK 
31.19 
$1.15 
3.6% 
$4.36 
$4.80 
-9.2% 
Median 
3.6% 
-9.2% 
Sono Thomson Aaron &be O*.eselx Ban 
'Figure 19: DB Forecasts for Distribution per unit for the Alts vs. Consensus 
40CY2013 
2014 
Alts 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
C8 
Cons. 
%diff 
APO 
$0.80 
30.79 
1.4% 
33.06 
$2.48 
23.3% 
BX 
$0.47 
50.45 
3.7% 
$1.95 
$1.78 
9.3% 
CG 
$1.20 
$1.17 
2.8% 
$2.22 
$2.03 
9.3% 
KKR 
$0.39 
30.39 
-0.5% 
31.58 
$1.44 
10.0% 
OAK 
$0.91 
50.92 
-0.8% 
$3.78 
$3.75 
0.9% 
Median 
1.4% 
9.3% 
Saga ?Mown Arian neewtm Sort 
Our valuation methodology 
While valuation methodologies using sum of the parts or DCF models can be 
intellectually rigorous, we think a more simplified PIE approach on distributable 
earnings (DE) will end up being a better indicator of the Ails' unit price 
performance over time. Our approach works in the following steps: 
• 
Observe each of the Alts forward P/E on Consensus (ENI) over the past 
months and last two years and compare to the S&P 500 to derive a 
relative PIE; 
• 
Assess to what extent each Alts' relative PIE will improve or worsen 
(or stay the same) over the next 12 months vs. the prior I2-months, 
based on the variety of fundamental factors outlined in this report; 
Derive a target forward P/E for the S&P 500 12 months from now, 
which is 14.9x (based on DB equity strategy forecast for S&P 2015 
EPS of $125 and S&P ending prices of 1850 yearend 2014 and 2000 
yearend 2015. which implies 1863 12-months from this report); 
• 
Multiply our target relative PIE to derive a target absolute PIE; 
Apply this absolute P/E on our 2015 DE forecasts to derive where the 
units will trade on 1-year forward distributable earnings 12-months 
from now; hence where the units will trade on 2015 DE in Jan-2015. 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
$2.32 
$3.08 
-24.8% 
53.24 
$3.42 
-5.4% 
$2.89 
$3.41 
-15.2% 
$2.33 
$2.77 
-15.8% 
$4.67 
$4.83 
-3.4% 
.15.2% 
2016 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
$2.56 
$2.13 
20.3% 
$2.46 
$2.00 
22.8% 
$2.70 
$2.35 
15.1% 
51.76 
$1.43 
23.1% 
$3.98 
$3.79 
5.1% 
20.3% 
Page 20 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109706 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255890 
EFTA01452585

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452586.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Figures 20-22 shows the results of this valuation analysis. Figure 20 shows the 
absolute and relative forward P/Es (on next 12 months forecast EPS) 
historically over the last 12 months and last two years for the each of the Alts, 
as well as for the S&P 500 and the median traditional asset manager (15 
largest publicly traded asset management stocks). It also shows the current 
P/E on 2014 ENI Consensus estimates. We then assign target premiums or 
discounts for each of the Alts vs. their relative P/Es over the last 12 months to 
derive our target relative P/Es (the last two columns of Figure 20). 
[Figure 20' DB Target Forward Relative PIE Derivation for the Alts 
Absolute PEon t1TM 
al PR vs. UP 500 
Historical Avg Pia 
L714 
Last 2 Yrs 
LTA 
Last 2 Yrs 
AFO 
9lx 
744 
62% 
53% 
wt 
94x 
884 
64% 
64% 
CG 
24 
NIA 
70% 
WA 
KKR 
88i 
804 
60% 
58% 
OAK 
94 
N/A 
74% 
WA 
Median AN Mgrs 
9.4x 
8.0x 
84% 
58% 
Median Asset Mgrs 
16.4x 
17.31 
111% 
125% 
58P 500 
14.7x 
13.9x 
Median Alts vs. Asst Mgrs 
4.9x 
4.31 
-47% 
47% 
Settee Theme", Au...reef Oettioln Sent 
Current 
RE on •14 
Current 
Re! PIE 
Rel PiE 
LTA 
Target 
Pre miCtscr 
Target 
Re I PiE 
106x 
62% 
62% 
15% 
77% 
44 
66% 
64% 
25% 
89% 
44 
74% 
70% 
15% 
85% 
97x 
64% 
60% 
20% 
80% 
123x 
80% 
74% 
10% 
84% 
10.6x 
18.4x 
15.34 
Figure 21 converts these target relative P/Es into absolute P/Es and price 
targets. The valuation analysis in both tables show that we expect the Alts to 
trade at median P/E of 12-13x on 2015 DE, a year from now - which implies 
achieving a relative PE of -85% of the S&P 500, or said differently, a 15% 
discount to the S&P 500 PIE - vs. their current discount of 30% (i.e. the 69% 
value shown in Figure 20). Compared with the traditional asset managers, this 
implies improving the Alts' P/E discount to traditional managers to about 23%, 
given the traditional are currently trading at a 7% premium to the S&P 500 vs. 
our 26% forecast discount for the Alts. However, this implies a static relative 
PIE for the traditional asset managers, which may not be the case (though the 
asset managers had modest relative P/E contraction over the last two years. 
Figure 217 DB PiE..based Price Target Derivation for the Alts 
Alt Manager 
APO 
$382 
5322 
$270 
77% 
54 
$3101 
$3220 
.37% 
95% 
58% 
9)( 
S140 
$233 
5291 
89% 
34 
53859 
$3113 
240% 
63% 
302% 
CO 
$211 
$284 
$3.38 
ea% 
64 
542 70 
$3604 
185% 
62% 
246% 
10(14 
$201 
$199 
$2.09 
80% 
94 
$2490 
$2456 
14% 
65% 
78% 
OAK 
$570 
$5 14 
$540 
84% 
126x 
567 94 
55888 
154% 
64% 
218% 
Median 
Forecast CE per unit 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
Target 
Relative PE 
on 2015E 
Alts 
Tweet PE 
in 12 Mths 
on 2015E 
12-Month 
Fair Value 
Estimate 
64% 
20% 
84% 
107% 
111% 
.38% 
47% 
.23% 
Current 
Fmk Yoko, Distribution 
Potential 
Price 
vs. Current 
Vivid 
ROI to PT 
SSP500 &Seat 
RE(current SPX) 
S8P500 CPS est 
TOW Yew 
Target UP 500 PE 
(On 2015E in 12rrOni) 
$104 
Seem ThortionAniwneatetery Stet 
$110 
1631 
$36 
2.0% 
Current 
$110 
150x 
$42 
23% 
In 12 Mths 
84% 
5125 
143x 
$47 
SPX PE 
790 
1.863 
149 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
12.61 
15.4% 
6.4% 
21.8% 
Page 21 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SONY-0109707 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255891 
EFTA01452586

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452587.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Figure 22 shows the Alts have made a little progress on narrowing their PE gap 
vs. traditional asset managers over the past year (also shown in Figure 20 
numerically with the Alts narrowing the discount to traditional managers to 
38% currently vs. 47% on average over the last 12 months). Overall, we do not 
see the Alts closing the P/E gap vs. traditional asset managers - despite their 
superior historical long-term performance and the solid secular growth case for 
alternative products. This is due to the more variable and cyclical nature of 
their business mix on top of a much more difficult to forecast business model. 
Still, we think there is a good case for the P/E gap to narrow, and this support 
our generally bullish view on the Alts space. 
Ii igure 22. Average Forward P/Es (WM) for Alts vs. Asset Managers 
20x 
18x 
16x 
14x 
12x 
8x 
-"rr 
Za 
Za 
s") 
t'y 
OS 
et 
(iv 
(SY 
(SY 
S7 
OST).
•s..(t. b\ 
% 
% 
% 
% 
% 
4%
4 
4 4 4 4 4 ,s4 <,‘\ 
44% 
—Alt's 
Sotec. Ino”sco Roan sno*D•urscro BM 
AM's 
S&P 500 
Figure 23 summarizes our valuation and implied total return and forecast 
distribution yields. Overall, we see a median 21% total return for the group 
over the next 12 months with our Buy ratings having potential 22-30% total 
returns and our Hold ratings showing less than 10% ROI potential currently. 
'Figure 23: DB Summarized Valuation Metrics for the Alts 
Ticker 
Opinion 
Market 
Cap (Sbn) 
01/26/14 
Share 
Price 
01/26/14 
Price 
Target 
Potential 
ROI to 
Target 
Price Returns 
OstributIon 
Yield 
on 2014E 
YTD.14 
' 
2013 
AFO 
Hold 
$12.7 
$32.20 
$31 
5.8% 
1.9% 
82.1% 
9.5% 
BX 
Buy 
$35.6 
$31.13 
$39 
30.2% 
-1.2% 
102.1% 
63% 
CG 
Buy 
$11A 
$36.04 
$43 
24.6% 
1.2% 
36.8% 
62x, 
KKR 
Hold 
517.6 
524.56 
$25 
7.8% 
0.9% 
59.8% 
65% 
OAK 
Buy 
$8.9 
$58.88 
S68 
21.8% 
0.1% 
29.3% 
64% 
Median Ms 
21.8% 
0.9% 
59.8% 
6.4% 
Traditional Asset Mgrs 
-2.9% 
42.4% 
S&P 800 
51,790.29 
-3.1% 
29.6% 
tan* ThomxnliktAWnerlDetanSent 
Page 22 
Deutsche Sank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109708 
SDNY_GM_00255892 
EFTA01452587

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452588.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
We also attempted to value the Alts on a sum-of-the parts basis, which we do 
not think has been especially accurate in forecasting medium or long-term unit 
price performance for the Alts. Similar to our valuation analysis, there are a 
number of subjective inputs, combined with longer range valuation 
assessments that we think can obscure what the stocks will do over a 12-
month horizon, the timeframe in which are ratings/price targets are based on. 
We show our sum-of-parts analysis in Figures 24-28. The analysis values the 
fee income stream at an asset manager PIE of 16.5x and the carried interest 
earnings potential (inclusive of dry powder) at a 2.0x MOIC (multiple on 
invested capital) over a 6-year horizon, and the balance sheets & accrued carry 
at 1.25x BV. We think this valuation is even more subjective than our PIE 
approach and can achieve vastly different results by altering the assumptions 
slightly. For example, our choice of a 2.0x MOIC over a 6-year horizon is 
conservative vs. past performance (though may be more accurate going 
forward). Our assumptions indicated the Alts are about fairly valued, with BX & 
OAK appearing the most overvalued and KKR the most undervalued, and we 
think this will be an active part of the intense valuation debate on this stock. 
['Figure 24! DB Sum of the Parts Valuation Analysis for APO 
Fee-rsed Earnings 
&hence sheet value at 3013 
Afteitat Fee-related Earnings (2014Q 
5443 
Rincipal rwestrierds 
5425 
Per ire 
SI 13 
Accrued carry 
51.254 
Asettned Fwd RE 
1654 
Total BV 
51.679 
Value per unit 
51862 
Assigned IN map* 
1.25x 
vow 
52.099 
Owed Merest earnings 
PM WM 
3535 
hvested captal • dry powder at 3013 
54983 
/Muffed 1.0C 
20r 
Total SCPValue 
532 49 
Carry rate 
20% 
Current pnce 
532 20 
Comp rate 
40% 
SClovs current price 
09% 
hvesirrent linen (yrs1 
Value 
56,598 
YAO avg urns 2014 
392.3 
Pi/ 
53.343 
PV per Lest 
Same Onatteedm 
Figure 25: DB Sum of the Parts Valuation Analysis for BX 
Fee-related Bermes 
Aftertax Fee-related Earnings (2014E) 
per une 
5815 
71 
Caned Merest earnings-
hvested capital • dry powder at 3013 
Assumed 1400 
124.487 
2A 
Assigned Fwd RE 
165x 
Carry rate 
20% 
Value per tril 
S11.73 
Corrp rate 
40% 
hvestrnent Horizon (yrs) 
6,0 
hcenthie Fee Earnings 
Value 
514.938 
hcentive Fees 
5622 
57.568 
Comp accrual 
40% 
FV per unit 
5661 
Retax hcentve Fees 
5373 
Minx hcentke Fees 
52W 
Bat nee sheet value at 3013 
Per une 
9)24 
Ftncipal ointments 
52.598 
Assigned Fwd RE 
83x 
Accrued carry 
52.769 
Value per und 
Total BV 
55367 
Asscned By mute* 
254 
Taal SCPVehe 
Value 
56.709 
$2621 
Oman price 
531 13 
Per urn 
SOP vs current price 
-158% 
San* dwaaM Ss* 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 23 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255893 
DB-SDNY-0 109709 
EFTA01452588

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452589.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 26: DB Sum of the Parts Valuation Analysis for CG 
Fee-related Earrings. 
Balance sheet value at 3013 
Atlertax Feel/sea Earnings (2014E) 
$162 
Finc pal nvestrrents 
$903 
per unit 
$0 52 
Accrued cagy 
51.535 
Assigned Fwd RE 
165x 
Total BV 
52.438 
Value per tire 
$8.57 
Assonod BV mutple 
1.25x 
Value 
53.048 
Carted rawest earnings 
per unit 
$979 
twisted capital • dry powder at 3013 
591.164 
Assured ACC 
Ox 
Total SCPValue 
536 16 
Carry rate 
20% 
avers pace 
$3604 
Oxrp rale 
40% 
SCPvs current pce 
03% 
twestment Wigan (Y(5) 
Value 
510 940 
Vitt avg units 2014 
311 3 
FV 
55542 
FY per we 
517 8t 
Son Dann ewe 
{Figure 27: DB Sum of the Pans Valuation Analysis for KKR 
Fee. reefed Earrings 
Balance sneet value at 3013 
Attertax Fee-reisted Earnings (2014E) 
$412 
FYincpal nvestments 
54.987 
per Ln4 
SO 58 
Accrued carry 
5971 
Assigned Fwd RE 
165x 
Total BV 
55.958 
Value per uni1 
S9 56 
Assigned 8V mulple 
125x 
Value 
57.447 
Carried Merest camas 
per unit 
$1048 
Wasted capital • dry powder at 3013 
566.804 
ASSUmee MCC 
Ox 
Total SOP Value 
$25 74 
Carry rate 
20% 
Currert pee 
524 56 
Oxrp rate 
40% 
SOPys current yxce 
48% 
hot:raiment Widen (yrs) 
Value 
58016 
Vitd avg units 2014 
710 9 
Pv
54.061 
Pc, per tell 
$571 
Same pass. to* 
iFigure 28: DB Sum of the Parts Valuation Analysis for OAK 
Fee-rated exangs 
Alleftax Fee-reared Earnings (2014E) 
per unit 
AssIgned Fwd RE 
Vake per uni 
$67 
$045 
165x 
(Seance Sheet value at 3013 
Pene pal nvestmentS 
Accrued carry 
Total BV 
ASSOned BV twice 
Value 
51,112 
51,306 
$2,418 
25x 
53.022 
ar. 
Caged Merest ea t was 
per unit 
520 35 
boasted captal • dry powder at 3013 
547.058 
Assumed MCC 
Or 
Total SOP Value 
547 47 
Crary rate 
20% 
Current once 
558 88 
Caro rate 
40% 
SCPvs current pnce 
• 194% 
nvestmeni rtreon (yrs) 
Value 
$6755 
VrtO avg units 2014 
148 5 
Ps/ 
52.918 
IV per tits 
Son. Nun* Su* 
Page 24 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255894 
DB-SDNY-0109710 
EFTA01452589

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452590.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Theme III 
Where do we stand in the private equity cycle? 
With the private equity financial model heavily linked to economic cycles, 
investors in the stocks need to be especially mindful of the cyclical impact on 
these stocks - both perceived and real, even if the secular trends are very 
positive, as they are right now. From a distributable earnings perspective, we 
see the PE business remaining in the healthy part of a realization cycle, that 
appears to still be in the early-to-middle innings. This realization cycle is likely 
to be especially heavy given the strong fundraising leading up to the financial 
crisis and the elongated investment cycles during the downturn, with the 
market not strong enough to provide attractive exit points, leaving the portfolio 
'inventory' to age. This began to change in 2011.12, and as Figure 32 below 
shows, accelerated in 2013 (tallied through mid-year from Preqin). As Figure 
shows, private equity funds are also sitting more valuable portfolio 
positions waiting to be harvested. 
IFigun :32. Private Faulty Annual Amount Colledilip and Distributed 
500 
400 - 
)50 • 
300 
250 
200 
160 
100 
u agNIANAR11 R R § 
gli gggagggggag 
Barn: none 
Cope .11 
Called 
($e5n) 
capita 
cAsinuketeci 
(Sun) 
SOWCI? Pregin Fran Manger 
PrOfees ..11)0 PltiqlO Performance anaeyer 
'Figure 33: All Private Equity Assets under Management 
&ODD 
3.500 
moo 
2.500 
2.000 
1.5W 
"5:0 ttilti 
A 
IrniNOMOIRR 
ggAggAgg IAAA 
is 
Unmated 
Vote (Son) 
"'Dry Powder 
($te) 
Scncv. Pap, new Maforicpti Profarm: and neva Per t:
Anafynt 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 27 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109713 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255897 
EFTA01452590

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452591.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
While the pace will differ between firms, we expect a strong pace of 
realizations over 2014-15 to generate strong sequential growth in distributable 
earnings for the Alts, a substantial positive catalyst for the stocks as this builds 
in 2014. As a refresher, the steps highlighted below outline the different parts 
of the private equity cycle as it relates to the GPs (the Alt firms). 
Fund assets raised from limited partners (LPs); 
Dry powder is built up (capital committed by LPs but yet to be called 
from LPs and invested); 
Capital gets called and deployed (invested by the GP); 
As investments appreciate in value, funds make their way into a 
position to accrue and earn carried interest incentives; 
Carried interest revenue gets accrued via mark-to-market gains, but is 
not yet harvested, thus a non-cash gain for the GP, as the value of the 
investment has yet to be realized (i.e. sold via IPO or M&A, etc); 
Investments are sold (realized) and the gains plus original cost are 
distributed back to the LPs, with GP taking 20% of the gain; and 
The 20% take by the GP becomes cash revenue, and after about 40% 
of this is paid to partners/staff, the remainder flows to the bottom line 
into distributable earnings (after certain other costs and allocated 
taxes), and forms the basis for the quarterly distribution to unit holders. 
While all aspects of this cycle are currently occurring (e.g. fund raising 
remaining healthy and dry powder building up), we expect the latter part of 
this cycle (steps 6-7) to remain especially strong through 2015 and begin to 
wane in 2016. Figure 34 shows our forecasts for gross realizations by these 
five Alts over our forecasting horizon. 
Figure 34- GB lc:reclaim for Gross Peak:miens by Ape 
Gross Realization Forecast (Ebn) 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
APO 
$10.9 
$21.7 
$17.0 
$10.5 
$5.8 
BX 
$12.6 
$26.1 
$31.8 
$42.5 
$12.6 
CG 
$23.5 
$21.7 
$16.3 
$20.4 
$23.5 
KKR 
$9.6 
$9.8 
$13.7 
$16.5 
$9.6 
OAK 
$12.7 
$11.3 
$8.0 
$8.0 
$127 
Total 
$69.2 
$90.6 
$86.7 
$97.9 
$64.2 
X✓u GO,COW 
rid CleutION CiN 
This said, there are cases where the funds are in different stages of the cycle, 
such as with APO, where its relatively large Funds VI and VII are moving more 
quickly through the distribution phase and will likely become more fully 
harvested over the next 1-2 years, while the new Fund VIII (just raised last year 
at 518bn) is early in its investment cycle (steps 2-3 above) and is unlikely to 
begin realizing investment gains for several years. Another positive factor in 
this current cycle is the pace of fundraising - which remains strong and for 
firms with relatively extended realization timelines, such as CG, the current 
heavy pace of fundraising may help bridge the valley between realization 
cycles, depending of course how supportive the markets are over the long-
term. 
Page 28 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109714 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255898 
EFTA01452591

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452592.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Theme V 
What are the near-term and long-term risks for these 
stocks, especially after surging prices in 2013? 
With these stocks up a median 60% in 2013, the risks naturally become worth 
considering to a greater extent than over the past year. However, we see near-
term downside being limited as long as the cyclical tailwinds remain favorable 
(e.g. strengthening economy, good capital markets activity with stable-to-
higher market levels, good fundraising & organic growth). This said, we outline 
numerous near- and long-term risks for these stocks below. 
Economic slowdown, with related market pressures 
A reversion in the economy, be it the US or other major industrialized nations 
(or collectively most of the major emerging markets), is easily the greatest risk 
for these stocks given their earnings leverage to economic cycles. While we do 
not believe we would see the level of price compression that Blackstone 
experienced in the financial crisis (each of these other Alts came public well 
after the financial crisis) when BX shares for a brief time in March of 2009 
were down nearly 90% from their peak shortly after the IP0 in June of 2007 
(and have only recently recovered to levels above the IP0 price), the stocks 
could easily underperform significantly upon speculation of a recession, until 
investors sort their theses out. 
We think a large part of the near-90% compression was due not only to IP0 
pricing near the market peak, but also the uncertain impact of such a deep 
financial crisis on the private equity business model. Now that is has been 
proven that not only is private equity able to withstand a deep bear market, but 
also the lower market prices provide excellent entry points for their 
investments and contribute to much stronger long-term IRRs, we think the 
next economic cycle downturn will be much less severe than the BX situation. 
This said, with these stocks up a median 60% in 2013 (and BX over 100%), we 
do not see any material chance of a recession as being priced into these stocks, 
so if that scenario began to emerge (as it had at certain points during 2010-12), 
this could drive significant underperformance in the stocks. At this stage in the 
economic cycle, earnings profiles for the Alts in 2014 should remain supportive, 
with increasing realizations generating good sequential distributable earnings 
growth for at least the next several quarters. 
A potential valley in disci Iberians in private equity cycle 
Longer-term however (-2017-19), we think it will become difficult for the Alts 
to grow from potentially peak distributable earnings in 2015-16 for much of the 
group, given the firms will have likely exhausted a large portion of embedded 
gains through realizations. To combat this, the firms will need to maintain the 
current healthy pace of fundraising for at least the next 1-2 years and be able 
to deploy capital in attractive opportunities, which could become scarcer if 
capital markets remain robust. Thus, we think a key risk for these stocks as we 
approach that part of the cycle, will be an expected drop off in distributable 
earnings until the most recently raised funds can enter distribution mode. 
Investors will be watching this inflection closely, and the stocks may very well 
underperform before it occurs. 
Page 30 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109716 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255900 
EFTA01452592

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452593.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
We do not see this on the horizon for at least the next 12-18 months, given our 
expectation that realizations will continue to improve sequentially on a 
quarterly basis well into 2015, albeit lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. The 
situation with APO will be a good test for this, as we expect their largest funds 
to exhaust most of their embedded realized gains over the next several 
quarters, and the next fund (Fund VIII) is unlikely to reach realization mode 
until sometime well after 2016, in our view. It will also be interesting to gauge 
the pace of realizations vs. fundraising across the Alts space over the next 
several years, as it is quite possible that funds raised over the past 2-3 years 
could begin realizing gains by 2016, helping to bridge the valley in around 
2017-18 we expect to see for the PE industry broadly. CG looks to be in the 
best position in this regard right now among its Alt peers. 
Higher interest andior a credit cycle 
With the view that higher interest rates hurts the financing capabilities of 
private equity portfolio companies, investors sometimes look at the Alts as 
having considerable downside risks in a rising rate backdrop. However the Alt 
mgmt teams have increasingly stated they are not concerned given their 
portfolio companies' cash flows would improve nominally in a rising rate 
backdrop, as well as benefit from economic expansion. This has helped eased 
concerns and the stocks have traded better against spikes in yields recently, 
nevertheless the risk remains that these stocks could underperform other 
financials in a rising rate backdrop. Separately, should credit begin to 
deteriorate, certain asset classes can depreciate significantly as investors in 
those assets become concerned about defaults, even well before the economy 
shows signs of weakening. This could negatively impact asset values and fund 
flows for the credit-oriented strategies at the Alts - the largest of which from a 
concentration perspective are at OAK, APO, and BX.. 
Difficu€ty in RAE lowing P/E gap with traditional asset managers 
The Alts trade at significant P/E discounts to the traditional asset managers for 
a variety of reasons even outside of the greater leverage to economic cycles. 
These include 1) earnings are very difficult to model both in the short- and 
long-term, hence reducing conviction in stocks with low forecasting ability, 
especially vs. easier-to-model fee-based asset management businesses, 2) the 
corporate/partnership organizational and financial structure is complex & 
difficult to become comfortable with, 3) the units and their distribution 
structure are prohibitive for some investment portfolios, and 4) the public 
floats are low and there is long-term overhang as partners monetize stakes. To 
the extent investors do not gain overcome these issues, there is risk the Alts 
will fail to narrow their PIE gap to the asset managers, which is part of our 
bullish thesis on the group. 
Taxation and regulatory risl,s 
From time-to-time there have been fears of tax reform that would either target 
carried interest (converting it to income to be taxed at marginal rates) or 
taxation on the partnership structure. To the extent legislators propose this 
type of tax reform again, and certainly if anything were to be enacted, it could 
reduce the distributable earnings for the Alts and would likely pressure the 
stocks. On the regulatory front, right now the Alts are not a major target for 
financial reform, as the banks have been, though should this change for any 
reason, (particularly if the Alts were becoming more involved in financing) it 
would negatively impact the stocks. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 31 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109717 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255901 
EFTA01452593

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452594.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Rating 
Hold 
North America 
United States 
Brokers, Asset 
Managers & Exchanges 
Company 
Apollo Global 
Management 
APO N 
APO US 
Strong performer but solid earnings 
peaking out soon; initiate at Hold 
Initiating coverage of APO with a Hold Rating and $31 PT 
We see APO units trading in a range near current levels over the next 12 
months for the following reasons: 1) we see APO as more advanced in its fund 
realization cycle than peers, a condition likely to continue into 2014, causing 
distributable earnings (DE) to peak in 2013 or 2014 at the latest, 2) despite a 
very successful capital raise for Fund VIII at $18bn, DE in 2015-16 is likely to 
remain well below 2013-14 levels as Fund VIII remains in a capital deployment 
mode through 2016, and distributions from other large funds will likely have 
waned, and 3) APO's risk profile is above average with more concentrated 
positions, and this could restrain APO's PE expansion in 2014 if the market 
becomes choppier vs. 2013. Positively, mgmt is extremely innovative and 
several growth initiatives may help buffer the valley in the PE cycle, the 
strongest being the Athene/Aviva acquisition, which will enable APO to further 
leverage its credit expertise & grow fee earnings. However, we don't think 
these efforts will fully offset the DE compression post realization cycle. 
Ea, nings outlook 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts, rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. We forecast APO's DE per unit 
to drop from $3.82 in 2013 to $3.22 in 2014E and $2.70 in 2015E. Key drivers 
are: 1) exhausting harvested gains over the next several quarters, 2) Fund VIII 
being in investment mode, partially offset by 3) contribution from Aviva. 
Valuation & Risk 
With positive revaluation for the Alts, we still think APO will expand its P/E 
from 10.6x 2014E ENI to over 11-12x 2015E DE 12 months from now, 
narrowing its discount to the S&P 500 P/E from -40% to -30%. This drives a 
$31 PT, which implies a total return of 6% over the next 12 months, inclusive 
of a 9.5% forecast distribution yield for 2014. Downside risks for APO are: 1) a 
slowdown in US/global economy, 2) a prolonged equity market correction, 3) 
an inability to generate strong growth organically and/or from Aviva in 2014 
that would further reduce DE in '15. 4) an inability to deploy capital in Fund 
VIII at a reasonable pace & 5) failure to improve PIE vs. traditional asset 
managers and the market broadly. Upside risks are: 1) stronger investment 
returns than expected that drive much higher DE than forecast, and 2) much 
stronger organic growth at Aviva than forecast. 
tail IMC11::: 
Research Analyst 
(+II 212 250-6600 
brian.bedell@db.corn 
Price at 24 Jan 2014 
(USD1 
Price Target 
52-week range 
relative 
ao 
32.20 
31.00 
36.22-20.94-
1112 
7112 
1113 
dissisOletelM•nolle 
7/I 
$11000 MOCK (Sas) 
Performance 1%) 
1m 
3m 
12m 
Absolute 
5.1 
-6.3 
53.3 
S&P 500 INDEX 
-2.3 
2.2 
19.8 
Sow* Doistoloi 
,•:.7vcat i 
Market Cap IUSO) 
$12.707 
Shares outstanding (ml 
393.8-
Free float 1%) 
Volume (24 Jan 2014) 
229.268-
Option volume lund. slits.. 1M 
avg.) 
24.047-
Sow* DeastWe 
Itnritrxi 
17011 - 
NOS - 
enk ti
aeon 
OR It 
Ain 12 
Dic l2 
- 
sures %A. 
mate: Drundiellant 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 33 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109719 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255903 
EFTA01452594

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452595.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Investment Thesis 
Outlook 
Hold-rated Apollo is one of the leading alternative asset management firms 
and we view the firm as broadly well-positioned to benefit from strong secular 
industry trends, including rising demand for alternatives and greater 
concentration of fund raising toward large PEs. However, we see the units 
trading in a range near current levels over the next 12 months for the following 
reasons: 1) we see APO as more advanced in its fund realization cycle than 
peers, a condition likely to continue into 2014, causing distributable earnings 
(DE) to peak in 2013 or 2014 at the latest, 2) despite a very successful capital 
raise for Fund VIII at $18bn, DE in 2015-16 is likely to remain well below 2013-
levels as Fund VIII remains in a capital deployment mode through 2016, and 
distributions from other large funds will likely have waned, and 3) APO's risk 
profile is above average with more concentrated positions, and this could 
restrain APO's PE expansion in 2014 if the market becomes choppier vs. 2013. 
Positively, mgmt is extremely innovative and several growth initiatives may 
help buffer the valley in the PE cycle, the strongest being the Athene/Aviva 
acquisition, which will enable APO to further leverage its credit expertise & 
grow fee earnings. However, we don't think these efforts will fully offset the 
DE compression post realization cycle. 
Valuation 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts, rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. Our valuation is based on 
assigning a target PE on our 2015 estimate for distributable earnings, a year 
from now. With positive revaluation for the Alts, we still think APO will expand 
its P/E from 10.6x 2014E ENI to over 11-12x 2015E DE 12 months from now, 
narrowing its discount to the S&P 500 P/E from -40% to -30%. This drives a 
$31 PT, which implies a total return of 6% over the next 12 months, inclusive 
of a 9.5% forecast distribution yield for 2014. 
Risks 
Downside risks for APO are: 1) a slowdown in US/global economy, 2) a 
prolonged equity market correction, 3) an inability to generate strong growth 
organically and/or from Aviva in 2014 that would further reduce DE in '15, 4) 
an inability to deploy capital in Fund VIII at a reasonable pace & 5) failure to 
improve P/E vs. traditional asset managers and the market broadly. Additional 
downside risks are: loss of key personnel, a deterioration in investment 
performance, unfavorable regulatory legislation, a change in tax laws creating 
higher taxation on carried interest and/or the partnership structure, increasing 
competition from traditional asset managers diversifying into alternatives, and 
inability to broaden the investor share base if as holding partnership units can 
be prohibitive for some investment funds. Upside risks are: 1) stronger 
investment returns than expected that drive much higher DE than forecast, and 
2) much stronger organic growth at Aviva than forecast. 
Page 34 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109720 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255904 
EFTA01452595

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452596.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 38: APO Credit Sege lent Income Statement Forecast 
INCOME STATOISIT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
6012E 
20131 
10149 
2016E 
3016E 
40111 
64.4 newest 
A6. ay 8 troneecta, fees 1/orn 41840es 
276 
218 
220 
233 
419 
1000 
424 
428 
49.2 
436 
Illinagersot Ism from ittroies 
299 7 
4 
934 
870 
089 
4007 
1385 
1415 
144 4 
1459 
Cants Memel (stied (mns 'hornet's*. 
378 
9.0 
10.1 
100 
382 
110 
111 
112 
124 
Idol mil banns rennue 
3651 
115.2 
1124 
119 4 
1908 
347 9 
191.9 
1954 
1989 
2019 
Carnal Mono Orton*: 
Uweelze0 gun (bests) 
3011 
73.2 
(558) 
110 3) 
135 5) 
131 4) 
1M.S/ 
(3191 
(34 4) 
1370, 
Rested cons 
1799 
51.5 
102 1 
106 
667 
325 
.0 
600 
600 
400 
Wel carried ne(414 mcr 
4410 
124 7 
433 
5 
2 
2917 
305 
261 
256 
230 
Tad Annie 
11461 
239.9 
16511 
211.9 
242.0 
201.6 
222.4 
2213 
724.5 
2240 
Gene 
Corpensecn 4 Wells 
Ecuty4:osed Con, 
270 
275 
7.0 
Solpy. bows banns 
doll 
inert* usenet/ 
1226 
34.3 
320 
*7 
807 
1867 
830 
61.4 
50.8 
667 
0valve:is/oft Amens supense 
754 
165 
(1551 
315 
(14 21 
3 
01.6) 
(128) 
(1351 
11481 
Reare0 >o/1 shwas expense 
001 
22.0 
393 
34.6 
267 
1226 
2.0 
0 
240 
2310 
Tom peo11 Owing (ace* 
1555 
305 
23.8 
69.3 
125 
144 1 
122 
112 
102 
itcenihre n544019 
• 
74441Corro Senells 
305 3 
79.3 
629 
114 9 
512 
315 3 
83.2 
796 
769 
839 
Welnon-carp incomes 
141 1 
384 
38.2 
II 4 
130 
1310 
38.7 
4011 
384 
443 
Told esenoes 
4$1.4 
II2.7 
101.1 
1493 
1242 
492.3 
111.9 
1353 
114.5 
1162 
Other Mean* gots): 
Ore ocornolost WW1 toSt4M4) 
150 
153 
5 
Omer ScomAcot Inceneve tr.mnem) 
16:4 ganelbssol Iran mister* emotes 
(I 1) 
0.71 
(7 11 
(36) 
41 
8) 
0.4 
it 
Mccrre(1314) 044(140AYmIM001n**
481 
018 
268 
7.8 
Toll 04160 Income Ilossl 
209 
15.4 
4.$ 
17.4 
13A 
61.1 
16.1 
1511 
29.1 
/2.7 
143ncalroIng Merest 
(87) 
0.5) 
1321 
(281 
(2.0) 
51 
(2.0) 
120) 
(tot 
0.0) 
Pales CcenemIc *I Imams 
4430 
134.1 
MA 
79.2 
10113 
351.0 
114.6 
1244 
181 
115.4 
Same Coopiny moats era Onacite Solt 
2016E 
2015E 
2011114 
122.0 
)4 4 
36.1 
570 3 
644 3 
733.0 
457 
Lao 
50.4 
768 0 
726 7 
419.5 
(11271 
11121) 
(88) 
2400 
2000 
130.9 
107 3 
879 
12.0 
9353 
514.11 
9416 
29.0 
320 
32.0 
250.7 
2441 
283.0 
(5311 
(44 40 
127) 
900 
800 
52.4 
429 
352 
496 
K2 6 
311 3 
344.7 
11343 
1560 
113.9 
446.9 
487.3 
9165 
351 
386 
40.5 
118 
130 
13.6 
1.0 
1.1 
310 
341 
306 
71.5 
116.1 
91.1 
(8 01 
140) 
IRO) 
479.0 
4269 
518.1 
Page 38 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109724 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255908 
EFTA01452596

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452597.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 39: APO Real Estate Segment Income Statement Forecast 
ØMS ST,. TEN 2Ni 
Pee rotoras: 
Actatory &Irani-action fen Iran altirs 
1,33226mint Is from 61124S 
Øh6 2110int 830260 Sine Itoinattiotes 
Toni 'runt Ousress revenue 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4.2132 
2013E 
10148 
2/314E 
30146 
401 
Corned Wend Income: 
unmated gam (bnes) 
Roland gara 
TOW aulta ~tat 3COM, 
Total Ronno• 
E63/.c 
Carom:14ton 11 benolts 
arAy-based cony 
Saint tone & tootles 
Pica 63239 a. pente 
unrtaind prole shorn; wens* 
~WM prolaborrp «pinto 
Tesal picit shortie topers* 
TKNfYafa Coop 
TOlalConpt Binges 
Total non.ccop ~es 
Total 1261•63•11 
Other Loma* (bro). 
Geer ncorrets 005681244.14) 
nconase (IvAnIk• 341310.1) 
524 garoAosseci rorm rwesalent *Cairo 
ware (tes) from coup method reetsbreota 
Todl Other Income (1330) 
Non.conlrollng rte4ost 
Oret« &enerok Not roos. 
Sow, Caron rtpcm 4ee 084.4d8 
463 
• 
470 
104 
621 
7 
233 
• 
142 
▪ 
432 
242 
724 
eel 
136 
132 
134 
133 
147 
14$ 
114 
143 
(6 4) 
3.3 
(6 2) 
16.6 
14.7 
134 
106 
(4 5) 
0.6 
(39) 
2.3 
100 
¶43 
156 
7.3 
7.1 
7.3 
17.1 
110 
214 
229 
1.1 
0.8 
(0.1) 
0.8 
0.8 
1.0 
1.1 
1.0 
1.6 
(0.7) 
I1.6/ 
13.1) 
r 
r
535 
66.9 
2.7 
3.2 
660 
.6 
329
93.3) 
IB 
1.3 
449 
27.7 
720 
P. 
3.0 
2.3 
(7.3)
129 
129 
130 
128 
139 
ISO 
ISO 
169 
3.7 
156 
155 
154 
152 
236 
305 
31.3 
32.1 
6.1 
6.1 
167 
174 
161 
157 
242 
24.7 
254 
KO 
1.7 
1.7 
1.8 
7.2 
7.3 
7.9 
30143 
2015E 
2016 
516 
506 
424 
3.0 
6t7 
601 
4.9 
1 
33.7 
6.3 
267 
267 
.0 
617 
603 
4.3 
123.5 
118.5 
96.2 
120 
100 
343 
307 
24.9 
140 
135 
19.9 
ID 7 
107 
247 
24.1 
19.9 
710 
616 
54.9 
29.2 
295 
29.2 
100.2 
IAA 
34.1 
7.1 
2.5 
. 
. 
30.3 
31A 
21.9 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 39 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109725 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255909 
EFTA01452597

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452598.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Company summary 
The Blackstone Group (BX) is a manager of private capital and provider of 
financial advisor services. Its alternative asset management business raises 
capital from institutional investors and invests assets in private equity funds. 
real estate funds, fund of hedge funds, credit-oriented funds. CLO vehicles and 
other separately managed accounts. It also provides financial advisory, 
restructuring and fund placement services. It operates in 5 segments, Private 
Equity. Real Estate. Hedge Fund Solutions, Credit, and Financial Advisory. 
Founded by Chairman & CEO Steve Schwarzman and Pete Peterson in 1985, 
the firm's roots are in business advisory and buyout investing, which quickly 
grew much more substantially into private equity. In contrast to APO (and also 
KKR) the investing style tends to be more conservative with less concentrated 
bets (though plenty of caveats), and Br advisory foundation has generated a 
more 'partnership'-oriented style with its portfolio companies. Historically, the 
firm has been more equity focused and this expertise was leveraged into other 
businesses, including the now larger real estate segment. However, Br credit 
expertise improved substantially with its well-timed acquisition of a credit fund 
manager (GSO) in 2008 with BX successfully leveraging its capabilities and 
growing the unit to $63bn in AuM from less than $10bn in 2008. 
In our view, BX is in a very good position to continue leveraging its capabilities 
and leading positions in private equity, real estate, credit, and alternative 
investment advisory, to generate a 'growthier' and more consistent balance of 
fee and incentive-based earnings. Combined with its strengthening portfolio 
realization cycle (still in relatively early stages and to be potentially bolstered 
with latent currently non-carry $20bn BCP V fund), we see BX generating 
superior growth in DE among these five Alts over at least the 2014-15 
timeframe. This helps drive our Buy thesis for BX and places it as our top pick 
in this group. 
Page 42 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109728 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255912 
EFTA01452598

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452599.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
[Figure 44: BX Credit Segment Income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
8013E 
2013E 
1018E 
2018E 
301E 
8018E 
Rano 
Minecoteort 
6.04601Y R144. Nei 
Bess IMnossriml Fen 
343 
914 
1019 
1019 
1037 
3989 
1660 
1066 
1113 
1141 
6.0Aomy Fees 
0.0 
1.0 
3.0 
liansacton 
par Fees.MI 
409 
9.0 
9.0 
Fe
0150101101 Fn Offsets 
.50 
.16 
-IS 
.26 
-18 
.75 
-18 
.16 
.is 
.11 
Total IMmeemeni sod ndottcry Fees NS 
3511 
942 
1094 
1064 
1109 
4208 
113 2 
1168 
1206 
124 3 
PcMcnrorco Fan' 
Roalial Gond tent 
525 
855 
369 
364 
161 4 
80.0 
800 
SOO 
BOO 
Rwitzia Downes Fen 
1924 
299 
222 
1140 
1740 
.2 
379 
197 
153.6 
tive017400rnsi lams! 
1820 
-188 
138 
309 
202 
512 
-39.6 
-429 
-469 
-502 
llrealtrM licenty0F446 
.382 
499 
156 
-380 
368 
72.8 
Wei 
788 
-512 
7401Polcmunco Fen 
3687 
124 5 
963 
711 
1326 
4235 
131.5 
1318 
131 5 
132.2 
woacen11xdre (loss) 
Amite! 
156 
3.3 
0.9 
108 
IA 
1.1 
1.3 
uireineite 
1.1 
•10 
Total rivestired Imam Doss} 
204 
-05 
170 
Meet Immo 8 Oimeni Rennie 
195 
Ore 
-12 
-1 
-04 
.04 
-03 
-03 
-0 3 
-0 3 
Total Revenue 
771.4 
2285 
2130 
1810 
2565 1. 
Y02 
254.5 
2547 
262.4 
207.9 
Evens. 
ComemeDor 
Ccomincolon 
lierlainni) Fee 03cpenillan 
1621 
455 
559 
533 
565 
211 3 
t66 
578 
597 
63.4 
Thio/24:1Cornicl 
303 
473 
200 
145 
835 
320 
320 
320 
Rolazol hantes fen 
1039 
14.2 
107 
456 
742 
7.3 
151 
614 
threolzed Caned Mereol 
976 
-102 
6.1 
192 
232 
• 15 e 
-172 
-13.8 
-23.1 
d
118 8 4111 ticimae Fees 
463 
236 
117 
.152 
335 
3.1 
227 
315 
Teal RrIcenvince faa Oxicxemcfoo 
1865 
685 
520 
318 
530 
2014 
52.6 
527 
528 
529 
Total Ccowsoirm 4 Benoit 
3686 
1100 
1060 
861 
1096 
4127 
1032 
1106 
1123 
1163 
Oiler Combine Dperses 
846 
210 
230 
235 
270 
943 
24.3 
231 
242 
30.3 
74441601m44
041 
131.0 
131.0 
10415 
1345 
507.0 
1334 
1336 
136.5 
148.1 
Economic Income 
sane Corny RNs — Once* Sr* 
3253 
fits 
fi20 
73.3 
1190 
373.7 
121.1 
1261 
125.1 
121.3 
201E 
2016E 
201 
4400 
4678 
479 2 
6.0 
360 
490 
368 
-72 
-98 
-78 
018 
5100 
513 2 
3200 
174 5 
218 2 
2294 
1136 
2167 
.1795 
-649 
.999 
157.2 
1704 
542 
5270 
3936 
3892 
4.5 
17.7 
180 
746 
226 
243 
195 
210 
-1 1 
-1I 
-12 
10435 
MO 
MI 
375 
2f01 
2'.66 
1260 
898 
873 
91.8 
4 
66.7 
-71.8 
-26.0 
i 399 
Cii 
632 
21.7 
2106 
157.8 
155.7 
4433 
4176 
4123 
1018 
1039 
115 4 
560.1 
527.5 
527.1 
4(0.4 
4105 
420.5 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 47 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109733 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255917 
EFTA01452599

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452600.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 45: BX Advisory Segment income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
f Mame 
2012 
1013 
2013 
301S 
4017E 
mIW 
10141 
2014E 
704E 
4011E 
1.1nonerneol end Adviser, Fees. Nei 
Bat Menegerrent Fees 
0.0 
1.0 
2.0 
3.0 
Aonscry Foes 
357 4 
670 
1207 
835 
1254 
3938 
878 
131 7 
972 
1383 
TranSsclOn en3 Caber Fees. Net 
0.0 
C) 
0.2 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
MmegoT4.4 Fee alms 
Q0 
0.0 
1.0 
2.0 
3.0 
Tow leensgovent end Aenscry Fees Net 
357 7 
67.0 
1207 
83.8 
1266 
3971 
on 
1338 
983 
1441 
Fbtarrrence Fees 
R•41:93 Ovoid Fewest 
0.0 
Reeked Incerwire Fees 
DO 
OD 
UTedirld Caned Merest 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Levee/ Meth Fees 
Tow Recoronce Fees 
tiVeStiThInt Wont 'LOSE 
Baotd 
-0.1 
-0.8 
to 
UTSZOI 
-04 
-15 
This 11v4s1menl Rowe (10510 
-0 1 
0.2 
2.0 
hteres1 hcare a spend Revenue 
1.7 
3.0 
3.0 
One 
-0 8 
-0 1 
0.1 
0.8 
0.5 
0,5 
Toist Rouen's 
3111 
61.5 
120.1 
$7.2 
130$ 
407.1 
114 
1111 
101.1 
1411 
&Awes 
Cetwensgsal 
Carpals/eon 
235 I 
579 
712 
57.5 
816 
2731 
57.1 
87.0 
026 
93.8 
Perfornece Fa. anoctsslon 
Retie/ ti ned Mores' 
0.0 
Q0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Reeked licentre Fees 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Ltresken area Moat 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Lrreeized Mateo Fees 
0.0 
TOM PolinTotto Foe Orrponsabon 
Tube 0311161seun a Balett 
2351 
579 
762 
57.5 
816 
273 1 
571 
87.0 
626 
8 
Obee Opert4e$ &ones 
845 
20.7 
209 
192 
211 
819 
8 
224 
231 
238 
Tout Reponse, 
3117 
it. 
970 
711 
1027 
3550 
719 
101 
116.7 
117.6 
Economic Income 
seine Crown',on extOrvesthe Sant 
47.1 
40.2 
251 
10.6 
271 
520 
16.5 
216 
111 
32.2 
20149 
20151 
2016E 
4499 
5174 
5132 
SO 
4523 
5219 
6497 
Q0 
8.0 
100 
100 
120 
100 
120 
4041 
540 
5717 
3005 
340 5 
3573 
Q0 
30)5 
340 5 
3573 
910 
965 
994 
391.5 
437.0 
4617 
12.1 
1061 
1110 
Page 48 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109734 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255918 
EFTA01452600

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452601.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Rating 
Coal pa ny 
f;c 
', Nth: 
Buy 
The Carlyle Group 
Research Ana 
t 
North Amt-ric a 
United States 
Price at 24 Jan 2014 
36.04 
(USD) 
I:friar:Fa; 
Price Target 
4100 
Brokers, Asset 
Managers & Exchanges 
CG 00 
CGS 
52-week range 
relat,e 
3711- 24.19 
An emerging consistent growth story 
with lower risk profile; initiate at Buy 
Initiating coverage with a Buy rating and $43 PT 
We see the following positive catalysts for CG units over the next 12 months: 
1) an inflection from among the weakest distributable earnings (DE) growth 
stories in 2013 to the second strongest (behind BX) in 2014-15 upon greater 
DE contribution from a broader array of funds, 2) greater investor appreciation 
over the next several quarters for CG's lower risk profile emanating from its 
conservative investing philosophy and greater diversification by product type, 
asset class and business line, and 3) a strong pace of fundraising over at least 
the next several quarters, bolstering CG's' ability to maintain positive DE 
growth post the current industry realization cycle over at least the next 1-2 
years. We see these dynamics helping CG narrow its P/E gap to traditional 
asset managers during 2014, though less so than peers given its current 
premium valuation to the group; hence the story is more DE growth-oriented. 
Earnings outlook 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts. rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. We forecast CG to grow DE per 
unit from $2.11 in 2013 to $2.84 in 2014E and $3.38 in 2015E. Key drivers are: 
1) a relatively stable pace of realizations 2014-16, 2) CEP III moving into carry 
position in 4Q13-1Q14. & 3) strong fundraising across business lines. 
Valuation & Risks 
We think the catalysts outlined above will drive CG' PIE from 11.4x 2014E ENI 
to 13-14x 2015 DE 12 months from now, narrowing its discount to the S&P 
500 P/E from -25% to -15%. This drives a $43 PT, which implies a total return 
of 25% over the next 12 months, inclusive of a 6.2% forecast distribution yield 
for 2014. Downside risks for CG are: 1) a slowdown in US/global economy, 2) 
a prolonged equity market correction, & 3) an inability to generate strong 
organic growth in 2014 that would jeopardize long-term growth in DE after a 
likely strong realization cycle over 2014-15 and 4) an inability to deploy capital 
effectively in its PE funds given the strong pace of fund raising. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
—334. Cents Grout. 
SSP see INDEX 01•11~11 
Performance (%) 
Absolute 
S&P 500 INDEX 
Sow* Chuncly Sn 
1m 
4.0 
0.0 
3m 
21.2 
4.7 
12m 
26.2 
22.3 
i 
at. 
Market Cap (USE) 
11181.6-
Shares outstanding (m) 
314.9-
Free float 1%) 
Volume (23 Jan 2014) 
96.496-
Option volume lund. shrs.. 1M 
4,79S-
,v8.I ....
....
...
....
...
...
...
.... 
Soca* /13/4**01* art 
Implied & Realited Volatility 13M f 
110% 
40% jr...4U1s
ebdir
30% 
20% 
10% 
0%  
Ju 13 
INK I2 
Page 49 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109735 
SDNY_GM_00255919 
EFTA01452601

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452602.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Company summary 
The Carlyle Group (CG) is a global alternative asset management firm. The 
company conducts operations through 4 segments: Corporate Private Equity, 
Global Market Strategies. Real Assets, and Solutions. Its Private Equity and 
Real Assets segment invests institutional capital in buyout strategies and real 
estate/infrastructure/energy assets, respectively. Its Global Market Strategies 
segment advises funds that pursue investment opportunities across various 
types of credit, equities, currencies, commodities, and other alternative assets. 
Its Solutions segment provides advisory to institutional investors on alternative 
asset holdings. 
Founded by Chairman Dan D'Aniello and Co-CEOs William Conway & David 
Rubinstein in 1987, CG is firmly rooted in private equity with a style most 
similar to BX' (among at least these 5 firms) but with a greater importance in 
the business mix (over half of ENI vs. less than 1/3 for BX). The product 
strategy is also more diversified with more funds and less concentrated bets. 
and we view CG's investment strategy (and business overall) as the most 
conservative within this group. Like its peers, the firm has leveraged its 
capabilities into tangential areas, both by product range and by business type 
(including investment advisory to institutional investors), Unlike BX, however, 
CG is willing to launch a wider array of smaller strategies in the effort to 
leverage the franchise without making concentrated strategic business bets. 
With greater diversification and conservative posture, we expect CG will 
generate a more stable long-term DE profile that we think will garner a higher 
P/E over time. Of these five Alts (aside from OAK) we see CG eventually 
becoming the most comparable to traditional asset managers, though will 
likely firmly maintain its place as alternative manager. Despite our 'steadier' 
characterization however, we see a better DE inflection in 2014 vs. peers, 
which should be a positive catalyst and helps support our Buy thesis, along 
with our long-term view of P/E expansion. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 51 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109737 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255921 
EFTA01452602

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452603.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Key Operating Metrics 
iFigure 46: CG Firm-wide Key Operating Metrics Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4013E 
2013E 
1014E 
2014E 
3014E 
4014E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
KEY METRICS 
a e: 
Ellectve lac fete on 8 
Beek valor pet unt 
Thittes took 
145% 
$807 
$391 
S112 
569% 
18,9% 
21 
64.14 
16 
34.2% 
20.9% 
$629 
54.31 
30.18 
304% 
17.8% 
3650 
5466 
16 
495% 
110% 
5653 
5467 
$120 
165.0% 
19.0% 
36.53 
$4.85 
$1.83 
62.2% 
170% 
$602 
3465 
$0.16 
227% 
17.5% 
5670 
63 
50.16 
219% 
17.5% 
80 
5482 
16 
214% 
20.0% 
$889 
$4 59 
$1.74 
2650% 
181% 
38.88 
54.57 
5222 
78.2% 
16.0% 
24 
54411 
$2.70 
80.0% 
160% 
82 
3455 
$297 
800% 
vas per unit 
OsuOurico per unt 
OstribuSon payout ratio 
Prolnabllify: 
Economc nor neon (03) per unt 
$204 
$102 
$0 39 
$051 
$093 
$2.64 
$062 
5085 
$071 
$071 
$270 
$260 
$284 
DertrOutsbN Smogs (OE) pet old 
5200 
$050 
$0.58 
32 
$073 
$2.11 
$070 
$0 73 
75 
$0 66 
$284 
$338 
72 
Fee.rektted evongs (FREI per wit 
5041 
5008 
50.06 
5008 
30.09 
10.31 
$0.10 
50.12 
15 
50.15 
5052 
$0.58 
$077 
&MA 
7298 
183 2 
150,8 
122.7 
277.2 
7039 
245 5 
255.7 
2638 
285 2 
1.030.3 
1.1002 
1.275.3 
fl RE (Pretax) 
189.5 
362 
26.4 
401 
353 
1410 
456 
562 
85.3 
648 
2309 
2439 
335.4 
FRE moron (pretax) 
157% 
132% 
85% 
128% 
11.8% 
11.6% 
13.7% 
161% 
184% 
17.6% 
165% 
15.4% 
185% 
Economc ncome margn (testa) 
380% 
46.2% 
307% 
316% 
42.7% 
392% 
380% 
389% 
402% 
39.9% 
39.3% 
38.0% 
385% 
Base ccerp raw 
588% 
58.5% 
531% 
538% 
54.8% 
54.6% 
536% 
524% 
512% 
525% 
52.4% 
54.8% 
544% 
lumbar coop rato 
473% 
40.0% 
478% 
513% 
40.0% 
43.3% 
400% 
400% 
400% 
40.0% 
400% 
40.0% 
400% 
Taal COM fat 
506% 
7% 
497% 
524% 
45.2% 
47.4% 
454% 
450% 
444% 
45.0% 
44.9% 
484% 
472% 
Balimo• Sine: 
EOP Assets 
4.6060 
5.1325 
5175.2 
5.9410 
6.047.6 
6.0476 
6.3383 
6.643.5 
6664.0 
7.3005 
7.3005 
8.7137 
9.476.9 
EOPTontobls Assets 
4.1155 
4,4824 
4.550.6 
53607 
5.461.5 
54615 
57229 
5907 3 
8.165.5 
85880 
6.5680 
7.8568 
8545.1 
EOP Leapterrn Debt 
NS 2 
8962 
898.2 
898.2 
898 2 
888.2 
8982 
898.2 
898 2 
895 2 
ele 2 
898.2 
EOPEquty (Partneri.' Opts, 
1.6927 
1.9498 
1,991.2 
2048 7 
20507 
2050 7 
2.0700 
20104 
2,1126 
2134 7 
2.1317 
2.2235 
2.309.5 
EOPTangible eludf 
1.201 6 
1.2997 
1393.8 
1.4684 
1.4646 
1.46 .8 
1.4548 
1.444.2 
1431.1 
14223 
1.4=3 
1.3686 
1377.6 
Cash per und 
$184 
$182 
$1.81 
$272 
$278 
$2.77 
$293 
$309 
$325 
$3.43 
$341 
$4.15 
$458 
CretvElfl 
00r 
IN 
12x 
18x 
081. 
12x 
Othr 
094 
OStx 
OS. 
OW 
08. 
07x 
Gluey/Assn 
304% 
380% 
3898 
345% 
33.9% 
33.9% 
327% 
315% 
303% 
20.2% 
29.2% 
25.5% 
244% 
Return on and3 (Rite 
332% 
16.0% 
63% 
79% 
14.2% 
43.0% 
94% 
06% 
106% 
10.4% 
393% 
39.9% 
372% 
Return on TanOtte WAY (ROTE) 
523% 
25.6% 
92% 
113% 
19.9% 
81.1% 
132% 
140% 
154% 
15.5% 
591% 
64.9% 
624% 
Key Fundamental Driver 
Assets under 'Apt (AuMI 
170.158 
176.313 
180.448 
185.024 
200.067 
200.087 
212 293 
224.842 
236,351 
249.385 
249.355 
295.274 
343.976 
Poe-pays g Audi IFF6039 
123121 
122.904 
132.024 
137.924 
143.042 
143.042 
147.335 
151.891 
158.396 
161.746 
161.748 
178.714 
197.346 
Net &ors lc, AuM 
-8 601 
1033 
.279 
.742 
.1.493 
-1304 
3.356 
3741 
6331 
4.435 
14,264 
13.438 
13198 
AuM organs rya, rats (annuatod) 
2.0% 
.00% 
-16% 
-3 1% ' 
.08% 
68% 
59% 
59% 
7.4% 
71% 
5.4% 
45% 
Nat lbws to FFIkuM 
.5293 
139 
8,462 
8049 
379 
14020 
3,447 
3.280 
3.306 
4.213 
14,339 
15.189 
18868 
FPAuMceganc gr.:moth FM (annulated) 
0.5% 
270% 
122% 
40% ' 
11.4% 
98% 
69% 
$ 0% 
106 
10.0% 
9.4% 
03% 
Avg Ron fee rate co FPAuld 
r 077% 
079% 
070% 
081% 
082%' 074%
082% 
0.82% 
082% 
082% 
078% 
080% 
085% 
COMIT20:1 captal (cared cleptwocl) 
11.731 
6.702 
1.640 
2.030 
4,001 
373 
3,323 
3.423 
3.529 
3.740 
14.015 
12626 
13.713 
Gross resit irons 
23,528 
5.599 
5./71 
4.713 
5.633 
21.715 
3.721 
3.952 
4.169 
4.407 
16.339 
20.351 
20.738 
Unsalted rapts1 (thy pewdet) 
43934 
48.198 
49.015 
51.147 
52.273 
52273 
52.952 
51665 
54.523 
55.621 
55.621 
60944 
64,592 
Sand Co-4,ov reports nor OrrubdIr &int 
Page 52 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109738 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255922 
EFTA01452603

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452604.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
{Figure 47: CG Corporate Private Equity Segment Income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
44212E 
2013E 
1014E 
2014E 
34214E 
401 
Swpmeetl Revenue: 
Fund Mel feeetyma 
Fetl neenmemnt ties 
496.2 
106 3 
10(18 
1310 
1373 
as. 
IMO 
1466 
152 5 
157 9 
Pert1410 stMsery fees. ret 
17.8 
4.9 
4.7 
4.9 
186 
5.3 
Tramacton1444. MI 
190 
104 
4.0 
r  
261 
7.3 
Tetil Fee Remus 
5330 
1228 
117.7 
1414 
1482 r  
530 1 
1507 
157 7 
1650 
171 5 
%tem.'« fees 
Reeked 
639.5 
212 3 
151.4 
791 
24.2 ' 
esso 
1600 
180.0 
1500 
1600 
Wreaked 
130.5 
2076 
31.2 
1522 
2056 P. 
629 6 
(252) 
(22 7) 
104 
Total pectoris/me tie 
770 3 
4199 
1826 
2613 
460.8 ' 13146 
1548 
157 3 
166 4 
190 4 
Meseme axone Voss) 
Malted 
3.3 
513 
unrested 
20.5 
4 
5.6 
Tom niesIment mom (loss) 
235 
233 
Merest and otter score 
9.0 
Il 
I6 
se 
1.7 
I.6 
Teild revenue 
r 1,334.1 
5415 
»6.1 
411.1 
605.0 
1473.7 
316.1 
3244 
311.1 
3725 
-amnia 
Corm end Centre 
Met bate ccosneon 
226.2 
560 
50.0 
539 
578 
2161 
568 
574 
579 
524 
Street IMM compensate» 
92.5 
200 
21.8 
276 
267 
96.1 
262 
265 
267 
268 
Equly.tesedesspers•Con 
1.2 
IS 
2.3 
4 r 
103 
4.5 
I►rfbredMet98I45MJ. 
%Mod 
304.7 
1016 
65.1 
316 
969 " 
298 2 
720 
no 
no 
no 
unmated 
71.7 
136 
798 
634 r 
255.6 
no 1) 
(9 1) 
Total perlormsnee fearebted 
316.4 
1862 
739 
1144 
1803 r 
553.5 
619 
629 
746 
761 
Tote, corm are benetb 
696.3 
2617 
140.0 
196.0 
2492 
8768 
1494 
151 2 
163.7 
172 2 
General atenrestelm. & cow Matt experon 
134.0 
390 
416 
437 
45.5 
loos 
46I 
466 
472 
478 
Deptesseen amweraten as perm 
125 
3.0 
132 
3.0 
3.0 
Merest ememse 
14.3 
7.0 
255 
7.0 
7.0 
7.0 
7.0 
Tote expanses 
187.1 
3431 
1M.7 
251.9 
3241 
16836 
205.4 
207.9 
220,9 
229.9 
Pro= %gin eat 5c0nomic Wt Income (7311) 
4740 
239.2 
105.4 
159.4 
an 
74143 
1094 
117.1 
1414 
1429 
SOSO. Cantry ~es we Ceira ant 
20148 
20154 
201 
5949 
6627 
771 7 
21.3 
244 
25.7 
7 
330 
347 
6449 
740 2 
6320 
720 0 
890.0 
Mt 7 
(31.1) 
(19(16) 
(3D73) 
6289 
694.4 
541 4 
II 1 
141 
221 
310 
256 
337 
sea 
427 
1,374.7 
3411.• 
1,426.1 
231 6 
2867 
3246 
1063 
1332 
1498 
16.0 
222 
250 
2880 
3560 
3595 
(12 4) 
(78.2) 
(1429) 
275 6 
277.8 
2186 
636.4 
7219 
7154 
177 
2109 
2256 
120 
140 
100 
28.D 
254 
25.0 
964.1 
987.7 
9754 
410.8 
5139 
407 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 53 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109739 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255923 
EFTA01452604

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452605.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Rating 
Corti pa rry 
Hold 
KKR & Co. 
Rosoarch Analyst 
North Arne.' ic a 
United States 
Price at 24 Jan 2014 
24.56 
(USD) 
Price Target 
26.00 
Brokers, Asset 
KKR N 
KKR US 
52.week range 
26.30- 16.86 
Managers & Exchanges 
Price/price relative 
A battleground valuation stock; 
initiating at Hold on higher risk profile 
Initiating coverage of KKR with a Hold rating and $25 PT 
We see KKR units trading in a range near current levels over the next 12 
months for the following reasons: 1) market debate around the merits of KKR's 
differentiated balance sheet strategy should remain intense, but should the 
equity markets be choppier in 2014 vs. 2013 (as is the case so far), we think 
KKR units will struggle to advance as investors avoid stocks with more volatile 
& market-dependent earnings, and 2) KKR's distributable earnings (DE) profile 
through 2015 looks okay to us, and in fact could be less volatile than peers, 
but we also do not see a major growth catalyst in DE, thus investors may 
focus more on downside risks, & 3) KKR units look attractive on a sum-of-
parts basis, but we see the heavier business mix toward principal income & 
capital markets as a weight on the PIE. Positively, KKR is executing well across 
each of its businesses, including generating strong organic growth, while 
using the balance sheet to both leverage its investing acumen and generating 
a higher recurring distributable earnings base (to be helped by KFN in '14). 
Ea, nings outlook 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts, rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. We forecast KKR's DE per unit 
to remain steady, from $2.01 in 2013 to $1.99 in 2014E and $2.09 in 2015E. 
Drivers are: 1) steady growth in realizations & 2) good AuM organic growth. 
Valuation 
s 
We think KKR units partially realize the benefit of the sum-of-parts debate and 
revalue up from 9.7x 2014E ENI to nearly 12x 2015E DE 12 months from now, 
narrowing its discount to the S&P 500 P/E from -40% to -.20%. This drives a 
$25 PT, near current levels, which implies a total return of 8% over the next 12 
months, inclusive of a 6.5% forecast distribution yield for 2014. Downside 
risks for KKR are: 1) a slowdown in US/global economy, 2) a prolonged equity 
market correction. & 3) failure for investors to embrace the balance sheet 
strategy & award KKR a higher P/E from its current discount vs. peers, and 4) 
substantial negative marks on the balance sheet if values of its holdings drops 
sharply. Upside risks are 1) much stronger DE than expected if KKR leverages 
its investment ideas effectively in balance sheet investments and 2) investors 
awarding KKR a much higher PE if balance sheet risks are perceived as low. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
—WA • Co 
MP $00 INDEX (obs1) 
Performance 1%) 
Absolute 
S&P 500 INDEX 
Sow* Detach. Bat 
1m 
5.8 
0.0 
3m 
12.5 
4.7 
12m 
49.2 
22.3 
i 
at. 
Market Cap (USO) 
17.071.6-
Shares outstanding (m) 
709.7-
Free float I%) 
Volume (23 Jan 2014) 
366.778-
Option volume fund. stirs.. 1M 
ffY0.1 ....
....
...
....
...
...
...
.... 
Jane o_ 
 Sent 
Pago 57 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109743 
SDNY_GM_00255927 
EFTA01452605

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452606.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Investment Thesis 
Outlook 
Hold-rated KKR is one of the leading alternative asset management companies 
with a track record of innovation, strong investment performance, and healthy 
fund raising (organic growth). The firm is well positioned from rising demand 
from alternatives and concentration of fund raising toward large GPs. 
However, we see KKR units trading in a range near current levels over the next 
months for the following reasons: 1) market debate around the merits of 
KKR's differentiated balance sheet strategy should remain intense, but should 
the equity markets be choppier in 2014 vs. 2013 (as is the case so far), we 
think KKR units will struggle to advance as investors avoid stocks with more 
volatile & market-dependent earnings, and 2) KKR's distributable earnings (DE) 
profile through 2015 looks okay to us, and in fact could be less volatile than 
peers, but we also do not see a major growth catalyst in DE, thus investors 
may focus more on downside risks, & 3) KKR units look attractive on a sum-of-
parts basis, but we see the heavier business mix toward principal income & 
capital markets as a weight on the PIE. Positively, KKR is executing well across 
each of its businesses, including generating strong organic growth, while 
using the balance sheet to both leverage its investing acumen and generating 
a higher recurring distributable earnings base (to be helped by KFN in '14) 
Valwition 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts, rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. Our valuation is based on 
assigning a target PE on our 2015 estimate for distributable earnings, a year 
from now. We think KKR units partially realize the benefit of the sum-of-parts 
debate and revalue up from 9.7x 2014E ENI to nearly 12x 2015E DE 12 months 
from now, narrowing its discount to the S&P 500 PIE from -40% to -20%. 
This drives a $25 PT, near current levels, which implies a total return of 8% 
over the next 12 months, inclusive of a 6.5% forecast distribution yield for 
2014. 
Risks 
Downside risks for KKR are: 1) a slowdown in US/global economy, 2) a 
prolonged equity market correction, & 3) failure for investors to embrace the 
balance sheet strategy & award KKR a higher P/E from its current discount vs. 
peers, and 4) substantial negative marks on the balance sheet if values of its 
holdings drops sharply. Additional downside risks are: loss of key personnel, a 
deterioration in investment performance, unfavorable regulatory legislation, a 
change in tax laws creating higher taxation on carried interest and/or the 
partnership structure, increasing competition from traditional asset managers 
diversifying into alternatives, and inability to broaden the investor share base if 
as holding partnership units can be prohibitive for some investment funds. 
Upside risks are 1) much stronger DE than expected if KKR leverages its 
investment ideas effectively in balance sheet investments and 2) investors 
awarding KKR a much higher PE if balance sheet risks are perceived as low. 
Page 58 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109744 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255928 
EFTA01452606

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452607.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Company summary 
KKR & Co. (KKR) is a global alternative asset management firm. The company's 
businesses offer a broad range of investment management services to 
institutional fund investors. KKR operates in 3 segments, Private Markets. 
Public Markets, and Capital Markets. The Private Markets segment involves 
investing institutional capital in private equity and other investments, while the 
Public Markets segment manages largely liquid investments through a variety 
of strategies. The Capital Markets segment operates the firm's balance sheet 
investments and provides capital markets services to its portfolio companies 
and third parties. 
Founded in 1976 by Co-CEOs Henry Kravis & George Roberts, along with 
Jerome Kohlberg, KKR is a pioneer of the modern private equity firm, starting 
out as a leveraged buyout shop that grew into core private equity. From an 
investing perspective, we see KKR's core philosophy as a more traditional 
fundamental equity investor, with a focus on deep industry knowledge. but 
willing to make very concentrated bets with an attempt to leverage high 
conviction ideas to a greater extent than peers. This has permeated the firm's 
culture from the start and continues today. most recently exemplified by its 
balance sheet growth strategy), which is differentiated from peers. 
With more concentrated positions and its balance sheet strategy, we view KKR 
risk profile as the highest among these five Alts. Although we see the merits of 
the strategy - investing to a greater extent alongside its LPs, enabling flexibility 
to deploy capital more nimbly, and levering its investment acumen into 
stronger potential earnings (while also improving consistency of a recurring 
distribution), the greater balance sheet size is likely to drive considerably more 
earnings volatility and restrain KKR's P/E to levels below peers. That said, we 
view the valuation debate as the most controversial in this stock within the 
group, with good arguments on both sides. Also, like peers, KKR is diversifying 
into more fee-based business that may enable a steadier DE profile over the 
longer-term, albeit with a more volatile ENI profile. Overall, we do not see a 
significant positive valuation catalyst currently, especially with the recent 
market sell-off, and the higher risk profile drives our Hold rating for now. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 59 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109745 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255929 
EFTA01452607

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452608.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 52' KKR Private Markets Segment Income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3018 
4013E 
1013E 
101E 
2014E 
3014E 
404 
F to memos: 
Monspemini 8 inainOW *Rs 
lesnegerner4 lees 
4239 
1066 
1147 
1194 
1264 " 
4671 
1316 
137 3 
1425 
145 7 
hcenWe lees 
TOW IT TI & rent* lees 
lksuitrong 6 vannceon loos 
ttnecrog foes 
' 
4239 
1166 
056 
321 
114 7 
289 
1194 
330 
1264 
319 
487 
1259 
131.6 
348 
int 
363 
146 
377 
148.7 
335 
Tweak* lees 
965 
164 
252 
560 
618 
106 
614 
468 
325 
326 
494 (3114$ 
(97 4) 
(2101 
(29 5) 
(466) 
(50 2 
11474) 
148 I) 
1399/ 
133 7) 
(35 5 
Tote) ircedormg 8 kensectal lees 
" 
115 7 
275 
246 
414 
445 
1390 
481 
432 
38.5 
36.5 
TOMl14. ree*ne* 
skeitTelf IncontolloW: 
5316 
134.1 
1393 
18011 
1701 
eat 
1717 
111.5 
161.1 
194.2 
Rahncicorrlo3 Monet 
475 7 
882 
3698 
815 
105 
6290 
2350 
2350 
IWO 
252 4 
1.13.4130 carnal nen( 
9170 
3108 
1212151 
2640 
3342 
062 
190 
429 
527 
TOW 0/:46 crawl InWost 
13928 
300 
570 
3455 
5237 
13252 
2449 
254 0 
3029 
305.1 
0844 mean*, ncsv. 
(20) 
(0 2) 
• 
• 
10' 
10' 
Total lnnetaienl ram • (loos) 
1333.4 
MAI 
560 
MO 
534.7 
1.327.3 
245.9 
255.0 
3031 
3011 
Total Ronne* 
' 1.9129 
631.0 
1914 
5017 
06.7 ' 1332.4 
4216 
430 
48411 
490.3 
TWO 701al Ammo net d and 314m1 cow 4:( 
12237 
300 4 
101 
3620 
4798 
33714 
3145 
200 
3068 
310.0 
12,priss: 
CarmxOnlorese cap @sperms 
Atocatica to NCR carry 00:4 
5665 
161 3 
222 
1399 
205 
5330 
930 
101 6 
121 2 
122.0 
kerasernan N. MAIMS 
1437 
2130 
132 
549 
570 
563 
TOW CCM *WM (14114003140 te440410)(44039 
1W3 
1706 
270 
107 
2158 
5510 
1111 
156 5 
1752 
18.3 
Come non 4 beneete 
1926 
433 
515 
654 
834 
233.3 
719 
726 
724 
73.7 
OCC*64nCy OM WON C1144901 
486 
114 
III 
134 
7 
506 
132 
131 
135 
148 
Ceki opet09/9 spenses 
147 3 
339 
340 
376 
461 
1936 
381 
357 
388 
405 
Tot4113 pones* 
1,097.9 
209 
106 
200 
3410 
015 
232.3 
277.9 
3039 
300.3 
4/673 741940303433144/4104 ca. carry.rWate0 0491 
3866 
934 
966 
1164 
1282 
434 6 
1212 
1214 
1277 
1290 
Mon* (kW lefOLIIIC(II to noncontroling inirysis 
0.5 
0.5 
0.5 
Ades Segment Emmet k 101 Income (EN) 
931.7 
231.7 
720 
1412 
3511 
935.1 
1010 
1611 
101 
100.1 
Source Cerroirryniecefrato' Oeubetho Sent 
2014E 
3315E 
1010E 
5570 
573.7 
540.4 
6.0 
593.0 
5717 
540.4 
147.4 
1519 
137T 
1/3.3 
943 
853 
1157.3) 
(125.5) 
1115.0) 
*3.4 
120.6 
107.1 
726.4 
04.3 
547.8 
982 4 
I 7221 
1.1809 
121.5 
(1665) 
030.9) 
11089 
1.056.6 
850.0 
40' 
60' 
1.1310 
1.061.6 
1510 
1337.3 
E765.9 
1105.8 
1.2112 
1.2762 
1.111.6 
442.8 
4222 
3400 
183.3 
57.4 
54.0 
626.1 
479.6 
)34.1 
293.6 
234.6 
265.5 
54.7 
574 
101 
1565 
181.2 
1.120.4 
97112 
WAS 
494.3 
4386 
4858 
2.0 
2.0 
714.0 
776.7 
03.1 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 61 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109747 
SDNY_GM_00255931 
EFTA01452608

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452609.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 53: KKR Public Markets Segment Income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEN BC 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4013E 
2013( 
1014E 
2014! 
3014E 
1014! 
For 101010101: 
lbnep»6M illtellthe See 
lAsnagentml lees 
1052 
484 
495 
538 
559 
205 5 
58.4 
589 
617 
643 
accobv• tea 
438 
166 
166 
121 
47.6 
192 
ti2 0 
Tool owl 6 wawa toes 
' 
1490 
662 
661 
561 
650 • 
2533 
636 
781 
664 
1063 
Mcniang 60Yu4Won 504 
lkonorhg lees 
• 
• 
Trantecbto fan 
145 
205 
32.4 
rue enalls 
184) 
(211 
(52) 
(1521 
106) 
(23 21 
105) 
105) 
1061 
(05 
Total woolarc 0 Invisaclatollos 
9.1 
f0 
'0 
Total In tovonoa 
1512 
as 
VT 
OA 
817 
202.5 
636 
Ttl 
MA 
107.3 
In
n income (ID*: 
Wad Carred Interosl 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Unreaiza0 cured rarest 
392 
204 
108 
140 
285 
737 
15.6 
136 
11.4 
Tow Goss 'ens oases, 
392 
204 
108 
140 
5 
737 
15.6 
13.6 
114 
Ora ovesarant awe 
i 0 0) 
(I I 
1001' 
• 
Ol •
01' 
Total Invootmori Income (Iowa) 
391 
215 
108 
140 
214 
738 
15.7 
13.7 
11.6 
Total Revenue 
194.3 
917 
77.9 
744 
17.3 
3313 
742 
027 
60.6 
116.4 
norm Total Revoltsnog c
 SINN COTO 911
1786 
786 
736 
SS 8 
859 
3368 
760 
893 
774 
1128 
Emenes: 
Carrxd Acres! coup =Prime 
Alamo to ix
 pool 
167 
114 
295 
Minnow," Ice refunds 
. 
. 
- 
ISO) 
1201 
(101 
-
Toll, carp moors* NOW cam/0 oWosi CI1/914 
157 
114 
295 
ConatoSato 4 tOnett 
507 
197 
220 
186 
336 
80.9 
254 
31.6 
278 
429 
Ottuperoy and rested Chinn 
1S 
1.9 
Ono opottlnottpenses 
114 
7.6 
197 
148 
514 
11,1 
10,6 
102 
112 
Total Boa ono 
Ma 
37.2 
37.1 
44.0 
497 
lap 
41.4 
47.6 
43.6 
499 
Tomo Tow Coarsen expenses (ex wry-rowed Sep 
7 
291 
728 
402 
374 
1334 
384 
440 
399 
563 
Moms (loss) atirtolaDO to noncroicang Monts 
0.5 
0.6 
0.5 
Pretax Segment &onus k FYI Income lel) 
10111 
40.1 
4125 
20A 
410 
165.0 
31.1 
441 
27.0 
58.0 
Sane Cowry worn 444 Oman* 04at 
2014E 
2015E 
2010( 
241 4 
2994 
349 9 
740 
822 
972 
315 4 
381 6 
4472 
120) 
5) 
1151 
3114 
MI 
4412 
495 
415 
311 
495 
41.5 
312 
4 • 
i0 
as 
423 
31.7 
303 
425.1 
470.0 
355 5 
4065 
479 7 
198 
166 
180) 
- 
-
138 
166 
1277 
1530 
179 3 
430 
473 
520 
1924 
226.5 
241.0 
MG 
2W0 
240 6 
2-0 
1741 
1,7.5 
MO 
Page 62 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109748 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255932 
EFTA01452609

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452610.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
rFigure 54: KKR Capital Markets Segment Income Statement Forecasts 
lICONESTATEIIENT 
lee revenue: 
2012 
1019 
2013 
3013 
4013E
0136 
10145 
20146 
30146 
114.5agemenl 6 encortbre fees 
Nooperenl ICS 
Kaye Imo 
R0050•16 root)* Ion 
Uostoiso 6 barnectot tem. 
kbOtrng less 
Treneclen lees 
122 
206 
303 
516 
349 
1398 
436 
302 
31.4 
47.1 
rot codes 
(3.0) 
(20 
TO17100910169 & eInsecilm Ice 
1292 
206 
3).3 
536 
349 
1396 
40.6 
37.2 
304 
471 
TOO Me moose 
1212 
919 
913 
516 
34,0 
1346 
Cl.
37.2 
30,4 
41.1 
Mommeweincect0ost 
RsaloOsorledinlerol 
Unreelsed amid Irotte41 
Tclel Otos curled 0Wol 
Ofxr rwatred exam 
no5 
3222 
113 
900.1 
2933 
9298 
156.5 
1646 
200 0 
29.0 
Tot.l IMIN10•0114 bitten. (Ion) 
1.1105 
122.2 
11.3 
39.1 
2813 
9208 
198.5 
1(16 
203.0 
209.0 
Tool Revenue 
1.2307 
343.0 
41.6 
353.7 
331.1 ' 1,069A 
tilt 
2021 
230.4 
Mt 
ramp TOO Ran 
nel r caved rawest coop rap 
12317 
3430 
416 
3537 
3311 
1.0694 
COI 
2021 
2304 
2561 
Eons, 
Correnmentuccoperpose 
Aroxitco to KKR cony pod 
Itroperent lee Won% 
TOO 
De e  m640
 170/740 mono 
Cceeensaeco &tweet. 
231 
6.2 
236 
Oanpwcyro relined dopes 
Oter spoofing operate 
106 
131 
tots Ibipeaose 
Olt 
117 
123 
121 
142 
121 
114 
131 
IWO' TON Coretrop avails la cory440161 op) 
406 
107 
123 
121 ' 
442 
121 
114 
138 
Vicar* Oass) atInttaatie loncer.oraolrg rants 
to 
1.0 
to 
1.0 
Roo &rem Eeonemk IC Income 0341 
1.1062 
331.9 
US 
mos 
3140 ' 1,0220 
110.0 
109.7 
211 
241.2 
Snos.- Conway of as et 0.14001* IV* 
2014E 
2015E 
2011E 
161.2 
166.4 
20/9 
0) 
' 
155.2 
185.4 
me 
155.2 
1914 
20/9 
732.4 
624.1 
7Ii 4 
7724 
4.34.1 
7114 
887.6 
SCA 
915.4 
887.6 
694 
9154 
- 
• 
110 
17. 
CS 
6 
17.7 
OA 
474 
606 
4.0 
9361 
750 
0548 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 63 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109749 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255933 
EFTA01452610

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452611.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Company summary 
Oaktree Capital Group (OAK) is a global investment management firm focused 
on alternative markets. OAK manages funds in mostly credit-oriented 
investment strategies, including distressed debt, corporate debt, control 
investing, convertible securities, real estate and public equities. 
Founded in 1995 by Chairman Howard Marks and President & CIO Bruce Karsh, 
Oaktree's investment foundation is in credit, and the firm is widely regarded as 
among the most astute credit investors. We view the company as more akin to 
a traditional asset manager, with an alternative "twist", given a more pure 
focus on investing and less on business line development vs. these five peers. 
Still, we would place OAK squarely in the alternatives camp given its private 
control investing ability and willingness to participate in financing and complex 
capital structures to a degree most traditional asset managers can't. 
We especially like OAK's financial profile, with a greater mix of recurring fee-
based revenue, and incentive income that is more weighted toward 
performance fees vs. higher carried interest at peers. We also like OAK's 
conservative value-oriented and distressed investing strategy, and while 
seeming risky at times, the performance track record has been outstanding 
with few misses, and the income stream from its investments drives a steadier 
AuM profile. We also see substantial growth opportunities for OAK by 
launching more tangential products (as opposed to new businesses) and 
benefiting from the slower supply of credit from banks, especially in Europe. 
This more reliable DE stream helps drive our Buy thesis, along with further PIE 
expansion toward traditional asset managers. 
Page 66 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109752 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255936 
EFTA01452611

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452612.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Key Operating Metrics 
{Figure 55. OAK Finn-wide Key Operating Metrics Forecasts 
iNCOMESI'ATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4013E 
201 
1014E 
2014E 
30144 
4014 
KEY METRICS 
Ease: 
Elf cave tax rx• On AN 
150% 
123% 
101% 
15% 
9.0% 
91% 
100% 
10.0% 
10.0% 
100% 
Beokva" pe unt 
$9243 
$1016 
$10439 
$1027 
$1039 
510 36 
51036 
$1046 
51055 
$1068 
Tangible bxkviaue ret unt 
59.28 
510.18 
51069 
510 27 
51030 
510.36 
$10.93 
5104 
51055 
51088 
CasUbubon per unt 
5284
51.41 
51 
$0 74 
$091 
$4.57 
$093 
50.95 
5093 
5097 
DetrbutOn "Smut ratO 
70" 
787% 
779% 
816% 
752% 
802% 
758% 
743% 
727% 
71.7% 
Profitability: 
Economc net neon (6" per um 
6575 
$207 
11 
5102 
5190 
6.00 
02 
51.12 
17 
512'0 
Ca9rOutat" Senn" (OD rat wit 
53.02 
51.79 
94 
5091 
$121 
6.70 
51.23 
5128 
51.25 
5135 
Fee-retied "mops (FRE1 per unit 
51.82 
$034 
5035 
5033 
5032 
34 
5036 
5042 
5048 
SO" 
ESTOA 
8169 
346 5 
362 0 
1934 
216.7 
1.0606 
217 7 
2200 
2160 
2224 
FÆ (9464e) 
507 
120 
127 
149 
130 
536 
153 
160 
202 
235 
FÆ moppet (p4414x) 
1% 
349% 
330% 
322% 
300% 
325% 
314% 
335% 
33.8% 
r" 
Econonc ncorro rrergn (pre") 
508% 
588% 
535% 
497% 
495% 
529% 
480% 
468% 
47% 
4.7% 
13.44 coup WO 
1% 
508% 
494% 
51.5% 
520% 
509% 
51.0% 
500% 
50.0% 
51.011 
hcenWe corro ntto 
483% 
398% 
381% 
402% 
400% 
393% 
400% 
40.0% 
400% 
400% 
Total corrp rate 
302% 
378% 
198% 
401% 
407% 
394% 
44% 
432% 
412% 
43" 
Balance Stint 
ECPAssets 
2360 
2.500 
21378 
2849 
2678 
2678 
2.740 
2.730 
2.757 
1785 
IMP Tengbb Assets 
2363 
2.930 
2678 
2649 
2678 
2678 
2.703 
2,730 
2757 
2.785 
ECPlong-terrn Debt 
615 
8» 
592 
9» 
588 
586 
586 
598 
586 
588 
eggigenty (Pears 4 01/444 
1394 
1.532 
1,014 
1,552 
1.562 
1562 
1550 
1,567 
1.560 
1.572 
EOP Tang bk. 5:44Y 
1.394 
1,532 
1,1314 
1,552 
1,562 
1.562 
1.550 
1,557 
1.933 
1,572 
Casts per unt 
1804 
54.58 
5136 
5202 
5205 
$2.6 
5208 
$211 
14 
5217 
0"14B11DA 
8:4 
04s 
044 
094 
07x' 
0h 
0.h 
he 
0h 
gouty/Asada 
581% 
613% 
93% 
6% 
534% 
58.a% 
574% 
570% 
567% 
58.4% 
Ramm an Ecemty (RIX> 
8% 
201% 
170% 
112% 
116% 
589% 
101% 
102% 
100% 
10.3% 
Return on Tang" &way more 
438% 
201% 
170% 
112% 
116% 
559% 
101% 
102% 
100% 
10.3% 
KeyFundamental Driven. 
An" uncle 16prt (A" 
77,051 
78001 
784C0 
79816, 
03,072 
89072 
44670 
46849 
87.088 
811.887 
"nay" 
AuM(FPAu14 
66.784 
95,350 
84,814 
95,947 
08.837 
08697 
74,209 
74814 
75.458 
7(1.1187 
Nelfron to MIA 
(8147) 
11.8324 
(4.064)
1,032 
(4893) 
(113) 
(5851 
(550) 
AuM «game growth rate (unpaired) 
.5 2% 
-98% 
-207% 
54% 
01%'
413% 
-06% 
47% 
-25% 
0.0% 
Nat Ibt" to "ALAI 
1.045 
974 
801 
1975 
1291 
5041 
1.237 
785 
800 
1,355 
FPAu/Aotganic poem rate (snuslest) 
16% 
59% 
48% 
121% 
7.7% 
7.5% 
73% 
4.2% 
42% 
7,1% 
Avg. Riot tee rate on rPALM 
107% 
1.05% 
1,04% 
1.03% 
107% 
107% 
109% 
1.10% 
1.09% 
108% 
Caflad 6Wø ("Peal 44447440 
6.456 
1,218 
934 
308 
930 
4411 
500 
500 
500 
500 
G(066 1466281(0(141 
12733 
3,195 
4.728 
1,915 
1,500 
338 
2.000 
2.603 
2.403 
2.030 
Urcaled cap" (dry pen Oro 
201 
11,198 
10,986 
12,344 
12594 
125(14 
12.844 
13,094 
13,544 
13.594 
Sow. Cenparry Øa and D(~/ Bne 
2014E 
2019E 
2016E 
100% 
10." 
100% 
51059 
$1148 
51248 
51059 
511.48 
512 48 
5178 
$596 
$418 
735% 
738% 
721% 
$451 
70 
5496 
5514 
5540 
$580 
51.70 
82 
$197 
8761 
9236 
971 4 
746 
818 
600 
328% 
3376 
342% 
465% 
469% 
473% 
505% 
48.0% 
480% 
400% 
400% 
40.0% 
414% 
426% 
420% 
2.785 
2812 
2.840 
2,785 
2812 
2840 
588 
586 
588 
1,572 
1,689 
1,820 
1.572 
1.630 
1.820 
16 
5220 
24 
Oh 
044 
064 
564% 
601% 
641% 
403% 
491% 
4376 
403% 
" 1% 
4.7% 
88.667 
94,849 
101,930 
79680 
"058 
60.539 
(1,224) 
(11130) 
(561) 
.1.5% 
-13% 
-06% 
4,176 
4.02D 
038 
&I% 
52% 
56% 
106% 
1.07% 
1.04% 
3,OOD 
2000 
20:0 
8070 
8,000 
7,997 
934 
274 
11594 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 67 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109753 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255937 
EFTA01452612

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452613.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
IFigure 56: 0AK Income Statement Forecast 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4013e 
2013E 
1014E 
2016E 
3014E 
4014E 
Secuneneflevenue: 
Plampenenlrees 
717.4 
164.2 
1423 
1166 
143.1 I. 
735 4 
192.5 
2017 
2059 
2065 
IxdM•e 114 orte 
4611 
327.2 
3391 
1224 
1653 r  
9559 
163.3 
1521 
141.8 
154 2 
retellittet Kove 
2024 
821 
346 
536 
600 r 
2202 
211 
234 
23,8 
245 
Toni Ih vom. 
1.410.1 
5831 
5161 
381.8 
401.4 r 1911,5 
3719 
3711 
371.5 
3951 
Sernent Esenser 
any and bcneflts 
3299 
906 
902 
95.6 
95.2 
374 6 
96.2 
1018 
1029 
IOS 3 
611.03-bsoci ccem 
0I 
I I r
r
1.Or 
hom1vo mors ccerp 
2226 
130.3 
1290 
492 
67.3 
3758 
68.3 
608 
567 
7 
0~0 
idinfelrIliV• 
1045 
24.0 
295 
274 
301 
1110 
31.0 
307 
30.4 
313 
OeprecMlal6 errat San 
IS 
1.1 
1.5 
1,9 
1.9 
Total 12/ponno 
6227 
260.3 
251.3 
1710 
186.6 
8720 
197.3 
136.2 
1929 
201.2 
41e•41 orponso nel of Morst ncomo 
(31 7) 
(74) 
171) 
(71I 
12901 
3) 
(731 
(7 3) 
31 
011. Man> (expese). nel 
0.1 
0.1 
1.1 
pr•w 3pm•nt Adjeomd (tt Incom • (AM) 
717.3 
3318 
297.0 
1714 
198.7 ' 1411.1 
174.3 
176.7 
173.4 
171.9 
P(0/601 10t IICCOIS laxes 00741.3) 
r 1107 3) 
(413) 
'299) 
1271 
11791 
19( ei 
(17 4) 
II7 7; 
(173) 
11801 
Altonso 349/••m tonte Ic Nm Incomo. on •4t up. 44.14) 
10.8 
2141 
2870 
1710 
180.8 
1118.3 
158.9 
159.0 
1162 
151.9 
Adfuslod 140 Inom• (AN) I» / 8491 (44 000 Mn() 
34.01 
11.03 
31.75 
11.16 
$1.11 
6601 
11.04 
11.1/1 
11.09 
11.15 
Same Gros, rinn fl
 Onera. ent 
2014E 
2015E 
2018E' 
8035 
854.1 
9C62 
6116 
662 9 
1191 
948 
996 
107 6 
1,514.8 
1.3067 
1.7010 
4033 
413.5 
4360 
0 ' 
r 
2446 
2612 
277 
1233 
1356 
1494 
7.8 
717.8 
827.3 
8723 
12923 
129 0) 
1269/ 
2.1 
704.3 
753.5 
1104.9 
1700) 
175.3) 
11141 
4318 
820 
IML3 
34.38 
1417 
$5.02 
Page 68 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109754 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255938 
EFTA01452613

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452614.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
rDisclosui a checklist 
Company 
Ticker 
Recent price' 
Disclosure 
The Blackstone Group 
BX.N 
30.52 (USD) 27 Jan 14 
1,7,8,17 
Apollo Global Management 
APO.N 
31.74 (USD) 27 Jan 14 
1,7,8 
The Carlyle Group 
CG.OQ 
35.72 (USD) 27 Jan 14 
1,2,7,8 
KKR & Co. 
KKR.N 
24.00 (USD) 27 Jan 14 
1,7,8,14,15,17 
Oaktree Capital Group 
OAK.N 
57.36 (USD) 27 Jan 14 
1,7,8 
'Prices are 90.41Ced from local (niCinnOOS via Reuters. Bloomberg and other vendors Data os sourced from pentad,a earn and Subject COnipanteS 
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators 
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States. 
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes. 
1. 
Within the past year, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has managed or co-managed a public or private offering 
for this company, for which it received fees. 
2. 
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) makes a market in securities issued by this company. 
7. 
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment 
banking or financial advisory services within the past year. 
8. 
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliatels) expects to receive, or intends to seek, compensation for investment banking 
services from this company in the next three months. 
14. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received non-investment banking related compensation from this company 
within the past year. 
15. This company has been a client of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. within the past year, during which time it received 
non-investment banking securities-related services. 
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators 
Please also refer to disclosures in the Important Disclosures Required by US Regulators and the Explanatory Notes. 
1. 
Within the past year, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliatels) has managed or co-managed a public or private offering 
for this company, for which it received fees. 
2. 
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) makes a market in securities issued by this company. 
7. 
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment 
banking or financial advisory services within the past year. 
17. Deutsche Bank and or/its affiliate(s) has a significant Non-Equity financial interest (this can include Bonds, 
Convertible Bonds, Credit Derivatives and Traded Loans) where the aggregate net exposure to the following 
issuer(s), or issuer(s) group, is more than 25m Euros. 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at http://qm.db.comkter/disclosure/DisclosureDirectorv.eqsr 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 69 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109755 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255939 
EFTA01452614

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452615.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
!Historical recommendations and target price: Oaktree Capital Group (OAK.N) 
(as of 1/27/2014) 
00 
6000 
00 
00 
B 3000 
• 
CO 
00 
00 
000 
AJ‘l\eLJ.,:f 
Apr 12 
Jul 12 
Oct 12 
Jan 13 DateApr 13 
J,J 13 
00113 
Jan 14 
Previous Recommendations 
Strong Buy 
Buy 
Market Perform 
Underperform 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
Current Recommendations 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
'New Recommendation Structure 
as of September 9.2002 
I 
05/22/2012: 
Upgrade to Hold. Target Price Change USD42.00 
2. 
08/03/2012: 
No Recommendation, Target Price Change USD0.00 
Equity rating t 
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total 
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in 
share price from current price to projected target price 
plus pro-jected dividend yield ) , we recommend that 
investors buy the stock. 
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the 
stock 
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months 
out and, based on this time horizon, do not 
recommend either a Buy or Sell. 
Notes: 
1. Newly issued research recommendations and 
target prices always supersede previously published 
research. 
2. Ratings definitions prior to 27 January, 2007 were: 
Buy: Expected total return (including dividends) 
of 10% or more over a 12-month period 
Hold: 
Expected 
total 
return 
(including 
dividends) between -10% and 10% over a 12-
month period 
Sell: Expected total return (including dividends) 
of -10% or worse over a 12-month period 
Page 72 
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships 
0:0 
a 
27D 
11:0 
13%
. L.
43% 
2943% 
au 
Hit 
So 
SOrronsCnocd am WEtrionalitiocratip 
NddiAmsrisonUioras 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109758 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255942 
EFTA01452615

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452616.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Regulatory Disclosures 
1. Important Additional Conflict Disclosures 
Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://gm.db.congequities under the 
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
2. Short-Term Trade Ideas 
Deutsche Bank equity research analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas (known as SOLAR ideas) that are 
consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. These trade ideas can be found at the 
SOLAR link at httoilam.db.com.
3. Country-Specific Disclosures 
Australia and New Zealand: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the 
meaning of the Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively. 
Brazil: The views expressed above accurately reflect personal views of the authors about the subject company(ies) and 
its(their) securities, including in relation to Deutsche Bank. The compensation of the equity research analyst(s) is 
indirectly affected by revenues deriving from the business and financial transactions of Deutsche Bank. In cases where 
at least one Brazil based analyst (identified by a phone number starting with +55 country code) has taken part in the 
preparation of this research report, the Brazil based analyst whose name appears first assumes primary responsibility for 
its content from a Brazilian regulatory perspective and for its compliance with CVM Instruction # 483. 
EU 
countries: 
Disclosures 
relating 
to 
our 
obligations 
under 
MiFiD 
can 
found 
at 
http://www.globalmarkets.db.comfriskdisclosures. 
Japan: Disclosures under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law: Company name - Deutsche Securities Inc. 
Registration number - Registered as a financial instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau 
(Kinship) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, The Financial Futures 
Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association. Commissions and risks involved in stock transactions - for 
stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction amount by the 
commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price fluctuations 
and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating 
agencies in Japan unless "Japan" or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese 
listed companies not written by analysts of Deutsche Securities Inc. (DSI) are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts 
with the coverage companies specified by DSI. 
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 73 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109759 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255943 
EFTA01452616

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452617.pdf
----------------------------------------
'31.40 31.63K 
Table 
the 'than 
lY 5Y Max 
e security/Rudy 
M Event  0 
-I- Track 
' Annotate 
ti-E. News 
Zoom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255945 
DB-SDNY-0109761 
EFTA01452617

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452618.pdf
----------------------------------------
I CG US 
f 3S.9O 
+,9O 
.1"."1 .4 
Q35.90 /36. 
.4) At 9:34 
Vol 23 471  
O 36.16 Q 
H 36.16 q 
L 
-- Witerfarr'"Vrtclit
„ 
II =MN 
tt) Compare 
're 
1Y 
5Y MaxDaily • 
Blast Price 
35.90 
T High on 01/14/14 37.91 
4- Average 
30.3176 
.1 Low on 06/24/13 24.19 
V 
" 
21B 
7x3 
35.80 O 
Val 846 12_5 
0* TaStrillP   
- tine Char-r" 
- 
WIN 
Security/Study 
• Event 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109762 
SDNY_GM_00255946 
EFTA01452618

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452619.pdf
----------------------------------------
CBIyr Price History 
P31.40:31.63 1: 
31.37 
col 6,44.5
4$ Save As 
Actions 
• 
9b Table 
Line Chart" 
allaillill 
IT 
5, 
in 
• 
seario'soid. 
101 hand 
ICC US I. 
' 35.90 
-.90 
.H 4 .. 9:24 
' 23,471 
Saved 
Last Nice 
35.90 
T High on 01/14/14 37.91 
÷ Average 
30.3176 
- 1 Low on 06/24/13 24.19 
.-----. 
:35.90 36.21. 
7. 3 
36.16 
36.16  
35.80
i. a1 846,425 
fi
ctions 
• 
Edo:. 
. 
ti Tamil 
thus Ourt 
i'- '''' 
-' UniningigganniFI 
Mari 
* 
M. 
ec.int,o'Stxtiv 
• event 
■ 5MAVG (13) 
0.41M 
Ill Volume  
22670 
• 
4,.......—i....................Xsadd.....aMialr4m...6-4.waaahuse...............issilliet......444or......4*...,......marm,A 
liar 
' Jun 
' Sep 
 Dec 
2013 
2014 
WEI 
-30 
.9c 
23.48 
►20 
SH 
40.'4 
Used with permission of Bloomberg Finance LP 
4ii:i.0 ins %),cce 
•Irth ‘hernatz:c asst MaliAtca 
tel. pick 
We Minute eswerage of 5 altanative asset managers (the 'Ails") with Buys no 
Rbekstosie (RX). Carlyle Group (CO). & Oaktive Capital (OAK) & / Inkl oiling; re 
Apollo Global Algal (Al'(
 & KKR & Co (KKR). Overall. those Alai arc wcIlptuitioned 
amid favorable cyclical tailwinds & strong secular dynamics. whik 
vaNaliau =min IninalVe. We favor the more-diversificd Alts paissusing less 
earnings variability & good distributable earnings (DE) growth profiles for 2014-
2015. this dynamic. favors RX & CO over APO& KKR for now. in our view. & wu 
sec 4Q earnings as a positive catalyst ape a better 19i *ultra for nett 1.2 
pan. We also like OAK', more-uaditional inset manager business pmfile. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109766 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255950 
EFTA01452619

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452620.pdf
----------------------------------------
S'aituttitm •till 
3. Jr bate on seising the Aiii .•.morass 
With volatile and less predictable earnings, the market has been reluctant to 
assign a comparable traditional asset manger P E en the Alts' caned interest 
income strum. which amountal for over half of Aire pretax income over the 
past 2 years, Dimmer. sec see limitations in this legacy sum-of-pans v aluatim 
rammaa (valuing fee-earnings at much higher multiples than carried interest) 
primarily because of the longer-term reliability of canied interest converting 
into cash distributions for public unit holders. Thus, we prefer to value the All. 
m ksnger-term Alistlibutable earnings' (DE), %%hi& is a proxy for cash flow and 
the basis for cash distributions to unit holders. On this appro.+. we think 
these 5 Ali managers can trade at a median 12-13x PE on our 2015 DE 
forecasts. a year from now. which implies about 2 points of multiple expansion 
and over 15•. prim appresiation. and about 2204 total return inclusive of 
median 6.7"odistnbution yield* at ourrent price levels. 
lei the cummt ameromiceapital markets cyek. the Abs are likely to increasingly 
benefit from realizing the value of their long-term investments (from sales via 
LISA. IP(M. etc.) and distributing more cash to unit holden over 2014-15. 
Thus, we see a greater convergence of I)E. and the more volatile mark-t nnarket-
driven economic act income (EMI). as the realization cyck gains 
ITIOlbaliUM in 2014. Asset organic growth rases should remain healthy as 
strong investment performance track records enable Mndmising to outpace 
outflows trim realized distribution toll's. Key secular trends favoring Ails are 
I) rising allocations globally to alternative assets by institutions. and 
increasingly. individuals. 2) a major aompetitive advantage in ability to 
generate patient capital and invest long-term and influence IIIVOUTICIki 
outcomes. 3) a greater role for Alts in financing. creating more capital 
deplomient opportunities globally. & 4) increasing concentration of asset flows 
to the largest Altx, which (aeon these 5 stocks. 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
PagSittl..qtrgeibyym, 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109767 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255951 
EFTA01452620

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452621.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Investment Summary 
Strong cyclical & secular trends should drive further outperformance for Ms 
over the next 12 months 
Five key themes to drive the stocks this year 
Differentiating the Alts 
Business mix differences across the firms 
Theme I 
How should the alternative asset managers be valued? 
Theme II 
Is rising demand for alternatives secular or cyclical? 
Theme III 
Where do we stand in the private equity cycle? 
Theme IV 
How is the complexion and role of the Alts changing? 
Theme V 
What are the near-term and long-term risks for these stocks, especially after 
surging prices in 2013? 
Apollo Global Management 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
The Blackstone Group 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
The Carlyle Group 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
KKR & Co 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
Oaktree Capital Group 
Outlook 
Valuation 
Risks 
Company summary 
Pdyi• 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109769 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255953 
EFTA01452621

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452622.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452622.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Figure 2' Average Forward Pits (NTM) for Alts vs. Asset Managers 
20x 
1.8x
16x 
14x 
12x 
10x 
CsS*1 CiG 
Cis?'  
e s 
cSs 
O
~
,
c
i
,
c
s
"
,
"
c
i
s
,
04' 
4'' 
.;e# 
1',," 441 
n.s.
4% 
,,,\ 
tx % 4 e41 
.\\41 4
4 e 
—Alt's 
—AM's 
••••••58iP 500 
Sans These Roan Owl Dal. Int 
Five key themes to drive the stocks this year 
Within the industry section of this report, we attempt to answer what we view 
as the five most important questions/themes for the outcome of these stocks 
over the next 12 months - summarized below. 
Theme I: How should the alternative asset managers be valued & does it 
portend multiple expansion? 
Our answer: we think the Ms will be increasingly valued on total DE 
(distributable earnings-a proxy for cash flow) which should improve Ms as the 
current realization cycle provides a catalyst for stronger growth In DE vs. 
lower-valued ENI (economic net income) that forms Consensus estimates. 
With relatively short public histories for these stocks (not even a full economic 
cycle), combined with complex modeling and volatile earnings, we think the 
market continues to struggle with valuing these companies, albeit has come a 
long way over the past 1-2 years. Although the modeling will remain complex 
and earnings results volatile, we think investors will increasingly shift from a 
sum-of-the parts approach that values the more-stable fee-earnings on a P/E 
basis, and the more-volatile carried interest earnings on a hybrid PIE and P/B 
basis (the valuation on this latter part has increased significantly over the last 
1-2 years, a function of becoming a 'plug' in response to higher stock prices). 
In contrast, we attempt to assign more comparable P/Es (still at a substantial 
discount to asset managers) to the longer-term distributable earnings (from 
which cash distributions to unit holders are made), of which unrealized carried 
interest can be a leading indicator. The thrust of our view is that the Alts 
should be valued on a longer-term basis consistent with their investing 
mandates that fundamentally drive their earnings profiles. We think investors 
will increasingly embrace this, and it augers well for PE expansion this year, a 
key component of our investment thesis. 
Page 4 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109771 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255955 
EFTA01452622

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452623.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Earnings profiles in 2014 should also remain supportive, with increasing 
realizations generating good sequential distributable earnings growth for at 
least the next several quarters. However, longer-term as the economic cycle 
matures, fears of a slowdown or recession may percolate and this could 
become negative for the stocks if realizations begin to wane, especially if the 
Alts' valuations have improved significantly. This does not appear to be on the 
horizon for at least 2014 given current expectations for continued growth in 
the economy and a relatively benign interest rate backdrop. 
Longer-term however (-2017-19), we think it will become difficult to grow 
from potentially peak distributable earnings in 2015-16 for much of the group, 
given the firms will have likely exhausted a large portion of embedded gains 
through realizations. To combat this, the firms will need to maintain the current 
healthy pace of fundraising for at least the next 1-2 years and be able to deploy 
capital in attractive opportunities, which could become scarcer if capital 
markets remain robust. Growing fee-based assets and shifting the business 
mix toward traditional asset management will also help to reduce the negative 
cyclical impact to DE post the realization cycle. 
Other considerations and possible pushback on our generally bullish thesis 
(and discussed in more detail in the report) are: 1) higher interest rates will 
impede returns given higher financing costs for portfolio companies. 2) 
earnings are very difficult to model both in the short- and long-term, hence 
reducing conviction in stocks with low forecasting ability, 3) the 
corporate/partnership organizational and financial structure is complex & 
difficult to become comfortable with, 4) the units and their distribution 
structure are prohibitive for some investment portfolios, and 5) the public 
floats are low and there is long-term overhang as partners monetize stakes. 
Differentiating the companies 
As common as the industry trends are for these 5 Alts, the companies are each 
quite different in terms of business mix, heritage, management philosophies 
and earnings dynamics. Figure 3 shows a brief snapshot of key business mix 
differences - we provide a more detailed overview starting on the next page 
'Figure 3: Alternative Manager Business Mir. by Reported Segment and Revenue Type 
APO 
EC( 
CG 
KKR 
Business Line 
Ftivate Equity 
72% 
27% 
62% 
42% 
0% 
Credit 
27% 
14% 
0% 
0% 
93% 
Real Estate 
0% 
46% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
Capital Markets 
0% 
0% 
0% 
51% 
0% 
RJblIC Market Strategies 
0% 
0% 
18% 
7% 
7% 
Alternatives Advisory 
0% 
12% 
11% 
0% 
0% 
Real Assets 
0% 
0% 
9% 
0% 
0% 
Business Advisory 
0% 
2% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
OAK 
Average 
Pretax Economic Income Mix (2012.148 
41% 
19% 
16% 
12% 
5% 
5% 
1% 
1% 
Revenue Type 
Revenue Mix by Type (2012.14E) 
Average 
Fees 
34% 
42% 
46% 
31% 
48% 
40% 
Carried Merest & hcentives 
61% 
48% 
52% 
41% 
43% 
49% 
Principal & other income 
5% 
9% 
2% 
28% 
9% 
11% 
Nett &a 
mangy repomf *eras% Pus ears 
me/ /a Ours is n .r.'t 
the es* n  and 
ear
, / 0-4,c "When nen'ea,  w au 
San, Cmwrr  mrr. al D.ScA• aw* 
Page 6 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109773 
SDNY_GM_00255957 
EFTA01452623

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452624.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Differentiating the Alts 
Different profiles across the group will impact ••✓aluations 
While the Alt stocks may tend to move in lockstep many times given their 
business mix distinction vs. other financials, we think it will be very important 
to understand the different business attributes across the firms as the earnings 
and risk profiles for each should drive material performance divergences, 
including much different growth dynamics in DE over 2014.16 (Figure 4). 
(Figure 4: 1)B Forecast: for AR:: DhAriblitab]e Ear ninq 
CB Annual DEner unit estimates 
per unit 
CAGR 
Ails 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
AFO 
$1.84 
$3.82 
$3.22 
$2.70 
$2.24 
5.0% 
BX 
$0.93 
$1.40 
$2.33 
$2.91 
52.98 
33.9% 
CG 
$2.00 
52.11 
$2.84 
$3.38 
53.72 
16.8% 
KKR 
$2.06 
$2.01 
$1.99 
$2.09 
$2.19 
1.6% 
OAK 
$3.82 
$5.70 
$5.14 
$5.40 
$5.80 
11.0% 
Growth rates of DB DE estim ates 
Alts 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
APO 
107.0% 
-15.6% 
-16.2% 
-16.8% 
BX 
51.0% 
66.1% 
24.9% 
2.7% 
CG 
5.5% 
34.3% 
19.2% 
10.0% 
KKR 
-2.5% 
-1.2% 
5.0% 
5.2% 
OAK 
49.1% 
-9.8% 
5.0% 
7.5% 
Median 
49.1% 
-1.2% 
5.0% 
5.2% 
Sane Can's, worn And Detach* NN 
On the following several pages, we outline the differences in firm heritage and 
management philosophy and a variety of business mix dynamics that we think 
will help to portray their risk profiles and earnings leverage and sensitivities. 
Importantly, each of these firms are "investors" at their core, and have 
generated outstanding investment performance track records over time, which 
in our view is the primary reason for their size and stature today as industry 
leaders in their respective fields. 
Apollo Global Mgmt (APO).-Great returns but with more peaks & valleys 
Founded by Chairman & CEO Leon Black in 1990, APO's investment 
orientation is largely credit-driven private equity control - hence the nature is 
to take larger and more-concentrated bets than peers at more distressed price 
points - with the view that the entry valuation is a major portion of long-term 
IRR and their risk appetite and ability to engineer complicated financial 
structures is a competitive advantage. While Figure 3 shows APOs credit 
business mix at only 27%, this understates the firms leverage to credit 
investing - indeed the mix should move above 40% this year with the addition 
of $44bn AuM from the Aviva insurance acquisition via APOs Athene insurance 
investment. This will help leverage APO's credit expertise by investing the 
insurer's balance sheet, while also improving APOs fee-related earnings profile 
(a long-term positive that will help buffer cyclical troughs in carried interest 
revenue). 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109774 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255958 
EFTA01452624

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452625.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Earnings variability greater than peers: However, with fewer, but larger, funds 
than peers, and more concentrated portfolio positions (and also more flexible 
investing mandates), we expect the long-term earnings profile to have more 
peaks and valleys than peers. Over the long-term, we think the firm is likely to 
continue to generate outstanding IRRs, which should enable fund raising to 
remain healthy (e.g. the recently oversubscribed $17.5bn Fund VIII). However, 
we see the firm entering a materially lower DE period over 2014-16 (Figure 4), 
as the capacity to harvest investments from legacy funds begins to wane over 
the next 12-18 months, while the giant Fund VIII will be early in its investment 
period. This dynamic is a key pillar of our Hold rating for now. 
The Blackstone Group (BX)-1Nell diversified and with a leadership flair 
Founded by Chairman & CEO Steve Schwarzman and Pete Peterson in 1985, 
the firm's roots are in business advisory and buyout investing, which quickly 
grew much more substantially into private equity. In contrast to APO (and also 
KKR) the investing style tends to be more conservative with less concentrated 
bets (though plenty of caveats), and BX' advisory foundation has generated a 
more #partnershipcoriented style with its portfolio companies. Historically, the 
firm has been more equity focused and this expertise was leveraged into other 
businesses, including the now larger real estate segment. However, BX' credit 
expertise improved substantially with its well-timed acquisition of a credit fund 
manager (GSO) in 2008 with BX successfully leveraging its capabilities and 
growing the unit to $63bn in AuM from less than $10bn in 2008. 
A good balance of risk and growth: In our view, BX is in a very good position 
to continue leveraging its capabilities and leading positions in private equity, 
real estate, credit, and alternative investment advisory, to generate a 
'growthier and more consistent balance of fee and incentive-based earnings. 
Combined with its strengthening portfolio realization cycle (still in relatively 
early stages and to be potentially bolstered with latent currently non-carry 
$20bn BCP V fund), we see BX generating superior growth in DE among these 
five Alts over at least the 2014-15 timeframe (Figure 4). This helps drive our 
Buy thesis for BX and places it as our top pick in this group. 
The Cori.ylt. Gaup (CG)-Consen.ativc and consistent long-term growur 
Founded by Chairman Dan D'Anielb and Co-CEOs William Conway & David 
Rubinstein in 1987, CG is firmly rooted in private equity with a style most 
similar to BX' (among at least these 5 firms) but with a greater importance in 
the business mix (over half of ENI vs. less than 1/3 for BX). The product 
strategy is also more diversified with more funds and less concentrated bets, 
and we view CG's investment strategy (and business overall) as the most 
conservative within this group. Like its peers, the firm has leveraged its 
capabilities into tangential areas, both by product range and by business type 
(including investment advisory to institutional investors), Unlike BX, however, 
CG is willing to launch a wider array of smaller strategies in the effort to 
leverage the franchise without making concentrated strategic business bets. 
A slow and steady profile will be rewarded: With greater diversification and 
conservative posture, we expect CG will generate a more stable long-term DE 
profile that we think will garner a higher P/E over time. Of these five Alts (aside 
from OAK) we see CG eventually becoming the most comparable to traditional 
asset managers, though will likely firmly maintain its place as alternative 
manager. Despite our 'steadier' characterization however, we see a better DE 
inflection in 2014 vs. peers, which should be a positive catalyst and helps 
support our Buy thesis, along with our long-term view of P/E expansion. 
Page 8 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109775 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255959 
EFTA01452625

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452626.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
KKR & Co. (KKR)-Balance sheet leverages investing acumen, but adds risk 
Founded in 1976 by Co-CEOs Henry Kravis & George Roberts, along with 
Jerome Kohlberg, KKR is a pioneer of the modern private equity firm, starting 
out as a leveraged buyout shop that grew into core private equity. From an 
investing perspective, we see KKR's core philosophy as a more traditional 
fundamental equity investor, with a focus on deep industry knowledge, but 
willing to make very concentrated bets with an attempt to leverage high 
conviction ideas to a greater extent than peers. This has permeated the firm's 
culture from the start and continues today, most recently exemplified by its 
balance sheet growth strategy, which is differentiated from peers. 
A valuation battleground stock, but we see greater risk profile restraining PE: 
With more concentrated positions and its balance sheet strategy, we view KKR 
risk profile as the highest among these five Alts. Although we see the merits of 
the strategy - investing to a greater extent alongside its LPs, enabling flexibility 
to deploy capital more nimbly, and levering its investment acumen into 
stronger potential earnings (while also improving consistency of a recurring 
distribution), the greater balance sheet size is likely to drive considerably more 
earnings volatility and restrain KKR's P/E to levels below peers. That said, we 
view the valuation debate as the most controversial in this stock within the 
group, with good arguments on both sides. Also, like peers, KKR is diversifying 
into more fee-based business that may enable a steadier DE profile over the 
longer-term, albeit with a more volatile ENI profile. Overall, we do not see a 
significant positive valuation catalyst currently, especially with the recent 
market sell-off, and the higher risk profile drives our Hold rating for now. 
Oak tree Capita€ Gittatp (OAK)-Conservative OE Edit invez.1 ment manager 
Founded in 1995 by Chairmen Howard Marks and President & CIO Bruce Karsh, 
Oaktree's investment foundation is in credit, and the firm is widely regarded as 
among the most astute credit investors. We view the company as more akin to 
a traditional asset manager, with an alternative "twist", given a more pure 
focus on investing and less on business line development vs. these five peers. 
Still, we would place OAK squarely in the alternatives camp given its private 
control investing ability and willingness to participate in financing and complex 
capital structures to a degree most traditional asset managers can't. 
A lower risk profile emanating from a better fee mix and purer business focus: 
We especially like OAK's financial profile, with a greater mix of recurring fee-
based revenue, and incentive income that is more weighted toward 
performance fees vs. higher carried interest at peers. We also like OAK's 
conservative value-oriented and distressed investing strategy, and while 
seeming risky at times, the performance track record has been outstanding 
with few misses, and the income stream from its investments drives a steadier 
AuM profile. We also see substantial growth opportunities for OAK by 
launching more tangential products (as opposed to new businesses) and 
benefiting from the slower supply of credit from banks, especially in Europe. 
This more reliable DE stream helps drive our Buy thesis, along with further PIE 
expansion toward traditional asset managers. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109776 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255960 
EFTA01452626

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452627.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Closed-end fund metrics (mostly plivate equity) are much more important 
More pertinent to the earnings power for the Alts is where they stand in the 
private equity cycle within their specific funds (not just private equity funds but 
also funds with similar structures in credit, real estate, real assets, etc). We 
highlight the most important factors below, in a chronological cycle order (i.e. 
raise assets from LPs, invest them, return them to LPs along with returns on 
those assets of which the LP gets about 80% and the GP gets the remaining 
20% which it shares with the GP partners, staff, and public unit holders): 
Fund assets raised; 
Dry powder (capital committed by LPs but yet to be called from LPs 
and invested); 
• 
Capital deployed (invested by the GP) 
• 
Funds in a position to accrue and earn carried interest incentives; 
• 
Carried interest accrued via mark-to-market gains, but yet to be 
realized; and 
• 
Realizations & distributions back to LPs, that generate realized gains 
and distributable earnings to the GP and ultimately, public unit holder. 
While we cover this topic in more detail within Theme III (private equity cycle) 
in the report, Figure 9 provides a snapshot of where the Alt firms stand 
currently across several of these measures. The overall observation is that 
fundraising in general remains relatively healthy, and high levels of "dry 
powder" imply strong potential for long-term realizations & distributable 
earnings, though this dry powder is not likely to generate realized for turns for 
at least 6-8 years, on average. 
Across the Alts, we note fundraising in 2013 is particularly strong for APO, BX, 
KKR, while lighter levels of capital deployed at APO relative to its size (and 
relative to its realizations) provides a telling story about mgmt's view of the 
cycle (i.e. harvest gains and be cautious about deploying capital). Also, while 
better to be in a higher carry position, firms with lighter carry ratios (BX, CG, 
OAK) are under-earning from a DE perspective, thus enabling better future DE 
growth when (and of course, if) their funds move into carry. We note this will 
be quite additive to DE for BX and CG in 2014 if BCP V (BX) and CEP III (CG) 
move into carry. In addition, accrued performance fees yet to be realized are 
also leading indicators for DE, and we note CG and OAK in particular have 
sizeable net accrued performance fees to earn on a cash basis relative to their 
share prices. 
hqure 0: Key closed-end fund metrics lraostly PE structure). Snin 
Key PE Fund Metrics 
APO 
BX 
CG 
KKR 
OAK 
Funds rased 2013E 
$21.388 
$37,874 
$12,470 
$21.684 
$6.417 
Capitaldeployed 2013E 
$3,893 
$13,515 
$14,373 
$7,591 
$4.411 
Dry powder 3013 
$18,267 
438,622 
551,147 
522,718 
$12,344 
Gross realizations 2013E 
$21,726 
$26.095 
521.716 
$9.754 
$11,338 
at% of assets in carry 3013 
97% 
76% 
82% 
90% 
76% 
Net accrued pert' fees 3013 
$1.254 
$2.769 
$1.535 
$971 
$1,306 
Accrd perf fees/UM 
tem 
$2.42 
54.93 
51.37 
$8.80 
% of current uni price 
9.9% 
7.8% 
13.7% 
5.6% 
14.9% 
Savor Cow, espats erre Putsch* Ow* 
Page 12 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109779 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255963 
EFTA01452627

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452628.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Changes in business mix may drive valuation differences over time 
Figures 10-14 show our forecasts for business mix for each of the Alts through 
2016, by measure of pretax economic income by business line, and by revenue 
type. While there are numerous observations to make, we highlight the 
following for each Alt: 
APO's business mix (Figure 10) should shift sharply toward credit in 2014, as 
the acquisition of $44bn in Aviva assets by Athene (managed by APO) raises 
APOs relative fee contribution (a positive). However, lower realizations mostly 
in private equity following a heavy realization period in 2012-13 (and into this 
year) are partly behind the mix shift. While we expect the overall compression 
in revenue and income in 2014 to be a negative for APO units, the higher fee 
component and more diversified mix between private equity and credit should 
be a longer-term positive. However we also do not see economic income or 
revenue reaching peak 2013 levels within our forecast horizon. 
jFigure 10: APO - DB forecasts for El by segment & revenue by type ($mn) 
Pretax Economic Income (B) 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
litliale Gluey 
31.199 
$1,646 
$632 
$598 
1548 
•17.6% 
Oedil 
$443 
$389 
$479 
$426 
$518 
40% 
Real Estate 
-$8 
-$7 
$30 
$32 
$22 
Total 
$1.634 
$2.028 
$1,141 
$1.056 
$1.088 
-9.7% 
Ave rage 
Segments 
Pretax B Business Mix 
2012.16E 
Rid 810 Eget,/ 
73.4% 
81.2% 
55.4% 
56.7% 
50.4% 
63.4% 
Cede 
27.1% 
19.2% 
42.0% 
40.3% 
47.6% 
35.2% 
Real Estate 
-0.5% 
-0.4% 
2.7% 
3.0% 
2.0% 
1.4% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Revenues by Type 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
Fees 
$811 
$970 
$1331 
11.249 
$1340 
13.4% 
Carried Wisest a boontivos 
$2.164 
$2.725 
$679 
$610 
$527 
.29.8% 
Rincipal& other income 
$141 
$156 
$202 
5222 
$233 
13.4% 
Total 
13.116 
$3850 
$2211 
$2,081 
$2.099 
.9.4% 
Ave rage 
Segments 
Revenue Mix by Type 
2012.16E 
Fees 
26.0% 
25.2% 
60.2% 
60.0% 
63.8% 
47.0% 
Carried Sweat a boanliese 
69.4% 
70.8% 
30.7% 
29.3% 
25.1% 
45.1% 
Prinotela other inoorre 
4.5% 
4.0% 
9.1% 
10.7% 
11.1% 
7.9% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
1000% 
SO.Yet COMM" /Moore fad 001.601. SW* 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255964 
DB-SDNY-0 109780 
EFTA01452628

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452629.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
For BX (Figure 11) we expect stronger intermediate-term growth as BX' 
realization cycle matures over the next 1-2 years, we think peaking in 2015 or 
later. Combined with good organic growth trends, we see El and revenue 
growing at a double digit pace, largely through a realization cycle (2012-16). In 
addition, we do not see a dramatic change in the business mix over time, with 
variances more attributable to market performance and realization timing. This 
is testament to BX' philosophy in growing the firm in diverse areas and 
maintaining leadership positions in key areas - private equity, real estate, 
credit, and alternatives advisory. 
Figure I 1 BX 
DE> forecasts for El by segment 
ret.ien tie by type (Si n) 
Pretax Economic Income (B) 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
Reale Equky 
$412 
$742 
$1,172 
61.312 
$879 
20.8% 
Real Estate 
$999 
VAS 
51.462 
$1A48 
$1,142 
3.4% 
Hedge Fund Editions 
6257 
$342 
$412 
$518 
$724 
29.6% 
Oedi 
$325 
$374 
$493 
$419 
$420 
6.6% 
A de ism 
$47 
$52 
$93 
$110 
$119 
26.1% 
Total 
$2,041 
$2,908 
$3,632 
$3908 
$3,285 
12.6% 
Average 
Segments 
Pretax B Business Mix 
2012.16E 
Reale Equky 
20.2% 
24.8% 
32.3% 
34.5% 
28.8% 
27.7% 
Real Estate 
49.0% 
49.6% 
40.2% 
38.0% 
34.8% 
42.3% 
Hedge Fund Sobti:os 
12.6% 
11.4% 
11.4% 
13.6% 
22.0% 
14.2% 
Oodi 
15.9% 
12.5% 
13.6% 
11.0% 
12.8% 
13.2% 
Advisory 
2.3% 
1.7% 
2.6% 
2.0% 
3.6% 
2.6% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Revenues by Type 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
Fees 
$2.135 
$2.285 
$2.686 
$3.024 
$3294 
11.4% 
Carried Heckel & noontime 
$1,594 
$2.884 
53.676 
$3.787 
$2,564 
12.5% 
Rncipal & other none 
$338 
$605 
$631 
$613 
$645 
17.5% 
Total 
$4,067 
$5.775 
$6.995 
$7,424 
$6,493 
12.4% 
Average 
Segments 
Revenue Mix by Type 
2012.16E 
Fees 
52.5% 
39.6% 
38.4% 
40.7% 
50.7% 
44.4% 
Carried Wettest & hcenteres 
392% 
49.9% 
52.5% 
51.0% 
39.3% 
46.4% 
Rincipald other heart 
8.3% 
10.5% 
9.0% 
8.3% 
9.9% 
92% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
San canon moans *xi Deutodit Sont 
Page 14 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255965 
DB-SDNY-0 109781 
EFTA01452629

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452630.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
For CG (Figure 12), somewhat similar to BX, we also expect relatively good 
growth, somewhat slower, but also steadier, and with a potential of modest 
growth after realizations peak around 2015-16. We also expect the business 
mix to remain relatively stable, with the growth in Solutions aided by the 
acquisition of the remaining 60% of Alpinvest late this year. With realizations 
beginning to slow in 2016 and with CG's stronger organic growth, we expect 
the fee component of the mix to also improve throughout our forecast horizon. 
'Figure 12: CG — 013 forecasts for El by segment & revenue by type (Sinn) 
Pretax Economic Income (B) 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
corporate PI iv ale Equdy 
$479 
$788 
$511 
6514 
$449 
-16% 
Global Market Seato% 
$116 
$210 
$147 
6165 
$244 
10.3% 
Real Assets 
$67 
$16 
$167 
$203 
$160 
24.4% 
Sorties 
$24 
$90 
$200 
$201 
$196 
683% 
Total 
5736 
$1,104 
31.025 
$1662 
$1 049 
93% 
Average 
segments 
Pretax B Business Mix 
2012.16E 
Corporate Reale Ern* 
651% 
71.4% 
49.8% 
47.5% 
42.8% 
55.3% 
Global Market Strategies 
22.5% 
19.0% 
14.3% 
15.3% 
23.3% 
18.9% 
Real Assets 
9.1% 
1.4% 
16.3% 
187% 
15.3% 
12.2% 
Solutians 
3.3% 
82% 
195% 
185% 
18.7% 
13.6% 
Tool 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
1000% 
Revenues by Type 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
Fees 
$993 
$1,115 
$1.321 
$1,491 
$1.733 
14.9% 
Carried Interest & Inconliies 
$996 
$1,683 
61.200 
$1,256 
$1.033 
09% 
R repel & other income 
$55 
$20 
$87 
$99 
6109 
18.5% 
Tool 
$2.044 
$2,818 
$2,608 
$2,845 
62.875 
89% 
Average 
Segments 
Revenue Mix by Type 
2012.18E 
Foes 
48.6% 
39.6% 
50.7% 
52.4% 
60.3% 
50.3% 
Gamed Merest & reentries 
48.7% 
59.7% 
46.0% 
44.1% 
35.9% 
46.0% 
Rincipal 6 other income 
2.7% 
0.7% 
3.3% 
3.5% 
3.8% 
28% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
1000% 
Scutt CO,Aerr reterta rat Pinney 8sM 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255966 
DB-SDNY-0 109782 
EFTA01452630

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452631.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
For KKR (Figure 13) we expect a relatively steady El and revenue profile over 
time, though with likely more volatility along the way upon market ups & 
downs, given the high portion of El from capital markets (mostly the firm's 
principal investments in funds on its balance sheet). We also see stronger 
growth in the public markets segment aided by growth initiatives and the 
likelihood for realizations to slow in the private markets segment. Positively, 
we expect the fee component of revenue to improve over time, although the 
principal investing contribution is likely sizeable at roughly 25% from a revenue 
perspective (with volatility) and closer to 40% from an El perspective given 
limited costs attributed to the balance sheet operations. This higher proportion 
of principal-driven income over time may continue to restrain KKR's PIE -
though this remains an active debate. 
iFigure 13. KKR - DB forecasts for El by segment et revenue by type (Sinn) 
Pretax Economic Income (B) 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
Reale Markets 
$832 
$935 
$715 
$776 
$624 
-6.9% 
Pubk Markets 
$103 
$166 
$175 
$198 
$237 
23.2% 
Caplet Martell* 
51.196 
$1.022 
$836 
$750 
$851 
-8.2% 
Total 
$2131 
$2.123 
$1.726 
$1.724 
51,711 
-5.3% 
Average 
Segments 
Pretax B Business Mix 
2012.16E 
Rkrale Mzekels 
39.0% 
44.0% 
41.4% 
45.0% 
36.4% 
41.2% 
Pak Mukets 
4.8% 
7.8% 
10.1% 
115% 
13.8% 
96% 
Copia' Markets 
56.1% 
48.1% 
48.4% 
43.5% 
49.7% 
49.2% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Revenues by Type 
CAGR 
Segments 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
2012.16E 
Fees 
$824 
$1,007 
$1201 
$1.262 
$1.300 
12.1% 
Carried Interest & hconbvos 
$1 .432 
$1.399 
$1156 
$1,097 
$881 
a1.4% 
Pettiest 8 other income 
$1111 
$932 
$737 
$631 
$720 
-10.3% 
Total 
13.367 
$3.338 
$3.034 
$2,990 
$2.901 
-3.7% 
Average 
Segments 
Revenue Mix by Type 
2012.16E 
Fees 
24.5% 
30.2% 
38.8% 
422% 
44.8% 
36.1% 
Owned Serest & hcensves 
42.5% 
41.9% 
37.4% 
36.7% 
30.4% 
37.8% 
Rincipal 8 other hews 
33.0% 
27.9% 
23.8% 
21.1% 
24.8% 
26.1% 
Total 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Sane Comognr retorn rei Deosale Sent 
For OAK (Figure 14) we expect modest growth in El over time, though still not 
reaching 2013 peak within our forecast horizon (given strong contribution from 
Page 16 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255967 
DB-SDNY-0 109783 
EFTA01452631

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452632.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
the large Vllb fund at the time. Still, we expect OAK's revenue growth to be 
modestly stronger, and the high proportion of fee income in the mix (at over 
50%) will remain a long-term positive, helping to support a valuation closer to 
traditional asset managers. 
'Figure 14: OAK - DB forecasts for El by segment & revenue by type Plug 
Segments 
kriestrren1Marrl 
Segments 
West/Toni Mgnt 
Pretax Economic Income (B) 
CAGR 
2012-16E 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
4717 
$1,011 
$704 
$753 
Pretax B Business Mix 
$805 
29% 
Average 
2012-16E 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
Segments 
Fees 
Curled Interest & ncentkes 
Rincipald other imam 
Total 
Segments 
Fees 
uiod Naos' b hcentierts 
Rime's'6 other imam 
Twat 
Revenues by Type 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2016E 
4461 
5171 
51.380 
$956 
$192 
51.883 
$611 
$72 
$1.492 
$853 
$74 
$1,581 
$889 
$82 
$1.677 
CAGR 
2012.16E 
49% 
10.6% 
-16.9% 
SA% 
Revenue Mix by Type 
Average 
2012.16E 
54.2% 
39.1% 
54.2% 
54.0% 
54.0% 
51.1% 
33.4% 
598% 
41.0% 
41.3% 
41.1% 
41.5% 
124% 
10.2% 
4.8% 
4.7% 
4.9% 
7A% 
100.0% 
1009% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
103.0% 
so,rw came", nscesenecrasen. are 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255968 
DB-SONY-0109784 
EFTA01452632

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452633.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Theme I 
How should the alternative asset managers be valued? 
A key part of our investment thesis centers on at least modest PIE multiple 
expansion for the alternative asset managers relative to the traditional asset 
managers over the next 12 months. We think this will be driven by both 
cyclical and secular factors. As outlined within the report, the key positive 
cyclical factor is the current realization cycle, which we think is in about 
midstream and should continue to grow into 2015 before beginning to wane 
thereafter. This of course depends on market conditions, which began to 
improve more meaningfully in 2012 and have been especially favorable in 
2013. However, barring a prolonged market downturn, and provided equity 
markets are not extremely volatile and have a positive direction, conditions for 
portfolio position exits via IPOs, secondary offerings, and M&A, for example, 
should remain relatively favorable. 
This situation is likely to drive considerable improvement in distributable 
earnings (DE) growth, which is the closest measure to cash flow as it pertains 
to distributions being paid in cash to unit holders. Hence, we think the market 
will increasingly focus on this metric, at the expense of the more mark-to-
market-driven (and GAAP-like) economic net income (ENI), which forms 
Consensus and can also form valuations. Thus, the crux of our argument is 
that the earnings metric to value the Alts should transition to DE, which should 
be a favorable dynamic for the Alts at this part of the cycle, a condition likely 
lasting through 2014 and 2015. 
Figures 15-17 show our earnings forecasts for two different metrics (ENI and 
DE) for the Alts through 2016, with Figure 15 showing the ratio of DE to ENI. 
We regard this ratio as somewhat of an earnings quality measure, with a 
higher ratio of DE to ENI implying a larger proportion of ENI is distributable in 
cash to unit holders (with typical payout ratios on DE ranging from -75.95%.). 
'Figure 15: DB Forecasted Ratio of Annual DE as d 
c.f EN1 for the Alts 
DB Estimated Ratio of CEto 
Alts 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
AFO 
48% 
84% 
129% 
116% 
94% 
BX 
53% 
55% 
75% 
90% 
107% 
CG 
98% 
74% 
105% 
117% 
131% 
KKR 
71% 
70% 
85% 
89% 
95% 
OAK 
94% 
96% 
118% 
116% 
115% 
Median 
71% 
74% 
105% 
116% 
107% 
Same Caner" repot end 0—•eY+ 
The steadily improving ratio at BX and CG (to the extent our forecasts are 
correct) is a key pillar of our Buy theses for these stocks. OAK also has a 
relatively good ratio on an absolute level and trend. We also expect KKR's ratio 
to improve over time, though it will likely be much more volatile than we are 
forecasting given volatility in market returns forming ENI. In contrast, we 
expect APO's ratio to peak in 2014 given our expectation for realizations to 
begin slowing down in 2014 and through our forecast horizon. 
Page 18 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109785 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255969 
EFTA01452633

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452634.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Figure 16 shows we expect the strongest DE growth in 2014 for BX, followed 
by CG and over this realization cycle (defined loosely as 2012-16), we expect 
BX and CG to generate the strongest CAGRs, with OAK also growing at a 
double-digit pace. Figure 17 shows our forecasts on an ENI basis, which is 
comparable to Consensus. 
figure 16: DB DE Forecasts for the Alts 
CB Annual OE per unit estimates 
Alts 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
AFO 
$1.84 
$3.82 
$3.22 
$2.70 
$2.24 
BX 
$0.93 
$1.40 
$2.33 
$2.91 
$2.98 
CG 
$2.00 
$2.11 
$2.84 
$3.38 
53.72 
KKR 
$2.05 
$2.01 
$1.99 
$2.09 
$2.19 
OAK 
$3.82 
$5.70 
$5.14 
$5.40 
$5.80 
Growth rates of CB CE estimates 
CAGR 
Alts 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
APO 
107.0% 
-15.6% 
-16.2% 
-16.8% 
5.0% 
SX 
51.0% 
66.1% 
24.9% 
2.7% 
33.9% 
CG 
5.5% 
34.3% 
19.2% 
0% 
16.8% 
KKR 
-2.5% 
-1.2% 
5.0% 
5.2% 
1.6% 
OAK 
49.1% 
-9.8% 
5.0% 
7.5% 
11.0% 
Median 
49.1% 
-1.2% 
5.0% 
5.2% 
11.0% 
Seine CriCany mteCt en< Ct.:acne San. 
[Figure IT DB ENI Forecasts for the Alts 
OBAnnualENI per unit estimates 
Alts 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
AFO 
$3.82 
$4.55 
$2.50 
$2.32 
$2.40 
BX 
$1.77 
$2.56 
$3.09 
$3.24 
$2.79 
CG 
$2.04 
$2.84 
$2.70 
$2.89 
$2.84 
KKR 
$2.90 
$2.87 
$2.33 
$2.33 
$2.32 
OAK 
$4.06 
$5.92 
$4.36 
$4.67 
$5.02 
Growth rates of CS 90 estimates 
CAGR 
Alts 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
2012-16E 
AR) 
19.1% 
-45.0% 
-7.4% 
3.4% 
-11.0% 
BX 
451% 
20.6% 
4.7% 
-13.8% 
12.1% 
CG 
39.4% 
-5.1% 
7.1% 
-1.8% 
8.8% 
KKR 
-1.1% 
-18.8% 
0.0% 
-0.4% 
-5.4% 
OAK 
45.7% 
-26.3% 
7.0% 
7.7% 
5.5% 
Median 
39.4% 
48.8% 
4.7% 
MA% 
5.5% 
SOINCOU arrow nopans and w..eo atm 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 19 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109786 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00255970 
EFTA01452634

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452635.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Figures 18 and 19 compare our estimates vs. Consensus, with Figure 18 
shown on an ENI per unit basis, and Figure 19 shown on a distribution per unit 
basis (comparable to dividend per share forecasts, as Consensus DE forecasts 
are not readily available with a sizeable population). The Figures show our 
estimates for ENI are generally below Consensus, while our distribution 
forecasts are generally above Consensus. This above-Consensus view on 
distributions forms our more optimistic view on the Alt space - to the extent 
we are correct, and we think upside surprises in distributable earnings over the 
coming quarters will be a positive catalyst for valuation improvement. 
[Figure IS: DB Forecasts for ENI per unit for the Alts vs. Consensus 
400Y2013 
2014 
2016 
Alts 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
APO 
$0.82 
$0.80 
1.9% 
$2.50 
53.04 
-17.7% 
BX 
30.84 
5082 
2.3% 
$3.09 
$2.98 
3.7% 
CG 
$0.93 
$0.87 
6.8% 
$2.70 
33.17 
-14.8% 
KKR 
$0.96 
$0.89 
8.4% 
52.33 
$2.52 
-7.5% 
OAK 
31.19 
$1.15 
3.6% 
$4.36 
$4.80 
-9.2% 
Median 
3.6% 
-9.2% 
Sono Thomson Aaron &be O*.eselx Ban 
'Figure 19: DB Forecasts for Distribution per unit for the Alts vs. Consensus 
40CY2013 
2014 
Alts 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
C8 
Cons. 
%diff 
APO 
$0.80 
30.79 
1.4% 
33.06 
$2.48 
23.3% 
BX 
$0.47 
50.45 
3.7% 
$1.95 
$1.78 
9.3% 
CG 
$1.20 
$1.17 
2.8% 
$2.22 
$2.03 
9.3% 
KKR 
$0.39 
30.39 
-0.5% 
31.58 
$1.44 
10.0% 
OAK 
$0.91 
50.92 
-0.8% 
$3.78 
$3.75 
0.9% 
Median 
1.4% 
9.3% 
Saga ?Mown Arian neewtm Sort 
Our valuation methodology 
While valuation methodologies using sum of the parts or DCF models can be 
intellectually rigorous, we think a more simplified PIE approach on distributable 
earnings (DE) will end up being a better indicator of the Ails' unit price 
performance over time. Our approach works in the following steps: 
• 
Observe each of the Alts forward P/E on Consensus (ENI) over the past 
months and last two years and compare to the S&P 500 to derive a 
relative PIE; 
• 
Assess to what extent each Alts' relative PIE will improve or worsen 
(or stay the same) over the next 12 months vs. the prior I2-months, 
based on the variety of fundamental factors outlined in this report; 
Derive a target forward P/E for the S&P 500 12 months from now, 
which is 14.9x (based on DB equity strategy forecast for S&P 2015 
EPS of $125 and S&P ending prices of 1850 yearend 2014 and 2000 
yearend 2015. which implies 1863 12-months from this report); 
• 
Multiply our target relative PIE to derive a target absolute PIE; 
Apply this absolute P/E on our 2015 DE forecasts to derive where the 
units will trade on 1-year forward distributable earnings 12-months 
from now; hence where the units will trade on 2015 DE in Jan-2015. 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
$2.32 
$3.08 
-24.8% 
53.24 
$3.42 
-5.4% 
$2.89 
$3.41 
-15.2% 
$2.33 
$2.77 
-15.8% 
$4.67 
$4.83 
-3.4% 
.15.2% 
2016 
DB 
Cons. 
%diff 
$2.56 
$2.13 
20.3% 
$2.46 
$2.00 
22.8% 
$2.70 
$2.35 
15.1% 
51.76 
$1.43 
23.1% 
$3.98 
$3.79 
5.1% 
20.3% 
Page 20 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109787 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255971 
EFTA01452635

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452636.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Figures 20-22 shows the results of this valuation analysis. Figure 20 shows the 
absolute and relative forward P/Es (on next 12 months forecast EPS) 
historically over the last 12 months and last two years for the each of the Alts, 
as well as for the S&P 500 and the median traditional asset manager (15 
largest publicly traded asset management stocks). It also shows the current 
P/E on 2014 ENI Consensus estimates. We then assign target premiums or 
discounts for each of the Alts vs. their relative P/Es over the last 12 months to 
derive our target relative P/Es (the last two columns of Figure 20). 
[Figure 20' DB Target Forward Relative PIE Derivation for the Alts 
Absolute PEon t1TM 
al PR vs. UP 500 
Historical Avg Pia 
L714 
Last 2 Yrs 
LTA 
Last 2 Yrs 
AFO 
9lx 
744 
62% 
53% 
wt 
94x 
884 
64% 
64% 
CG 
24 
NIA 
70% 
WA 
KKR 
88i 
804 
60% 
58% 
OAK 
94 
N/A 
74% 
WA 
Median AN Mgrs 
9.4x 
8.0x 
84% 
58% 
Median Asset Mgrs 
16.4x 
17.31 
111% 
125% 
58P 500 
14.7x 
13.9x 
Median Alts vs. Asst Mgrs 
4.9x 
4.31 
-47% 
47% 
Settee Theme", Au...reef Oettioln Sent 
Current 
RE on •14 
Current 
Re! PIE 
Rel PiE 
LTA 
Target 
Pre miCtscr 
Target 
Re I PiE 
106x 
62% 
62% 
15% 
77% 
44 
66% 
64% 
25% 
89% 
44 
74% 
70% 
15% 
85% 
97x 
64% 
60% 
20% 
80% 
123x 
80% 
74% 
10% 
84% 
10.6x 
18.4x 
15.34 
Figure 21 converts these target relative P/Es into absolute P/Es and price 
targets. The valuation analysis in both tables show that we expect the Alts to 
trade at median P/E of 12-13x on 2015 DE, a year from now - which implies 
achieving a relative PE of -85% of the S&P 500, or said differently, a 15% 
discount to the S&P 500 PIE - vs. their current discount of 30% (i.e. the 69% 
value shown in Figure 20). Compared with the traditional asset managers, this 
implies improving the Alts' P/E discount to traditional managers to about 23%, 
given the traditional are currently trading at a 7% premium to the S&P 500 vs. 
our 26% forecast discount for the Alts. However, this implies a static relative 
PIE for the traditional asset managers, which may not be the case (though the 
asset managers had modest relative P/E contraction over the last two years. 
Figure 217 DB PiE..based Price Target Derivation for the Alts 
Alt Manager 
APO 
$382 
5322 
$270 
77% 
54 
$3101 
$3220 
.37% 
95% 
58% 
9)( 
S140 
$233 
5291 
89% 
34 
53859 
$3113 
240% 
63% 
302% 
CO 
$211 
$284 
$3.38 
ea% 
64 
542 70 
$3604 
185% 
62% 
246% 
10(14 
$201 
$199 
$2.09 
80% 
94 
$2490 
$2456 
14% 
65% 
78% 
OAK 
$570 
$5 14 
$540 
84% 
126x 
567 94 
55888 
154% 
64% 
218% 
Median 
Forecast CE per unit 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
Target 
Relative PE 
on 2015E 
Alts 
Tweet PE 
in 12 Mths 
on 2015E 
12-Month 
Fair Value 
Estimate 
64% 
20% 
84% 
107% 
111% 
.38% 
47% 
.23% 
Current 
Fmk Yoko, Distribution 
Potential 
Price 
vs. Current 
Vivid 
ROI to PT 
SSP500 &Seat 
RE(current SPX) 
S8P500 CPS est 
TOW Yew 
Target UP 500 PE 
(On 2015E in 12rrOni) 
$104 
Seem ThortionAniwneatetery Stet 
$110 
1631 
$36 
2.0% 
Current 
$110 
150x 
$42 
23% 
In 12 Mths 
84% 
5125 
143x 
$47 
SPX PE 
790 
1.863 
149 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
12.61 
15.4% 
6.4% 
21.8% 
Page 21 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SONY-0109788 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255972 
EFTA01452636

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452637.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Figure 22 shows the Alts have made a little progress on narrowing their PE gap 
vs. traditional asset managers over the past year (also shown in Figure 20 
numerically with the Alts narrowing the discount to traditional managers to 
38% currently vs. 47% on average over the last 12 months). Overall, we do not 
see the Alts closing the P/E gap vs. traditional asset managers - despite their 
superior historical long-term performance and the solid secular growth case for 
alternative products. This is due to the more variable and cyclical nature of 
their business mix on top of a much more difficult to forecast business model. 
Still, we think there is a good case for the P/E gap to narrow, and this support 
our generally bullish view on the Alts space. 
Ii igure 22. Average Forward P/Es (WM) for Alts vs. Asset Managers 
20x 
18x 
16x 
14x 
12x 
8x 
-"rr 
Za 
Za 
s") 
t'y 
OS 
et 
(iv 
(SY 
(SY 
S7 
OST).
•s..(t. b\ 
% 
% 
% 
% 
% 
4%
4 
4 4 4 4 4 ,s4 <,‘\ 
44% 
—Alt's 
Sotec. Ino”sco Roan sno*D•urscro BM 
AM's 
S&P 500 
Figure 23 summarizes our valuation and implied total return and forecast 
distribution yields. Overall, we see a median 21% total return for the group 
over the next 12 months with our Buy ratings having potential 22-30% total 
returns and our Hold ratings showing less than 10% ROI potential currently. 
'Figure 23: DB Summarized Valuation Metrics for the Alts 
Ticker 
Opinion 
Market 
Cap (Sbn) 
01/26/14 
Share 
Price 
01/26/14 
Price 
Target 
Potential 
ROI to 
Target 
Price Returns 
OstributIon 
Yield 
on 2014E 
YTD.14 
' 
2013 
AFO 
Hold 
$12.7 
$32.20 
$31 
5.8% 
1.9% 
82.1% 
9.5% 
BX 
Buy 
$35.6 
$31.13 
$39 
30.2% 
-1.2% 
102.1% 
63% 
CG 
Buy 
$11A 
$36.04 
$43 
24.6% 
1.2% 
36.8% 
62x, 
KKR 
Hold 
517.6 
524.56 
$25 
7.8% 
0.9% 
59.8% 
65% 
OAK 
Buy 
$8.9 
$58.88 
S68 
21.8% 
0.1% 
29.3% 
64% 
Median Ms 
21.8% 
0.9% 
59.8% 
6.4% 
Traditional Asset Mgrs 
-2.9% 
42.4% 
S&P 800 
51,790.29 
-3.1% 
29.6% 
tan* ThomxnliktAWnerlDetanSent 
Page 22 
Deutsche Sank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109789 
SDNY_GM_00255973 
EFTA01452637

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452638.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
We also attempted to value the Alts on a sum-of-the parts basis, which we do 
not think has been especially accurate in forecasting medium or long-term unit 
price performance for the Alts. Similar to our valuation analysis, there are a 
number of subjective inputs, combined with longer range valuation 
assessments that we think can obscure what the stocks will do over a 12-
month horizon, the timeframe in which are ratings/price targets are based on. 
We show our sum-of-parts analysis in Figures 24-28. The analysis values the 
fee income stream at an asset manager PIE of 16.5x and the carried interest 
earnings potential (inclusive of dry powder) at a 2.0x MOIC (multiple on 
invested capital) over a 6-year horizon, and the balance sheets & accrued carry 
at 1.25x BV. We think this valuation is even more subjective than our PIE 
approach and can achieve vastly different results by altering the assumptions 
slightly. For example, our choice of a 2.0x MOIC over a 6-year horizon is 
conservative vs. past performance (though may be more accurate going 
forward). Our assumptions indicated the Alts are about fairly valued, with BX & 
OAK appearing the most overvalued and KKR the most undervalued, and we 
think this will be an active part of the intense valuation debate on this stock. 
['Figure 24! DB Sum of the Parts Valuation Analysis for APO 
Fee-rsed Earnings 
&hence sheet value at 3013 
Afteitat Fee-related Earnings (2014Q 
5443 
Rincipal rwestrierds 
5425 
Per ire 
SI 13 
Accrued carry 
51.254 
Asettned Fwd RE 
1654 
Total BV 
51.679 
Value per unit 
51862 
Assigned IN map* 
1.25x 
vow 
52.099 
Owed Merest earnings 
PM WM 
3535 
hvested captal • dry powder at 3013 
54983 
/Muffed 1.0C 
20r 
Total SCPValue 
532 49 
Carry rate 
20% 
Current pnce 
532 20 
Comp rate 
40% 
SClovs current price 
09% 
hvesirrent linen (yrs1 
Value 
56,598 
YAO avg urns 2014 
392.3 
Pi/ 
53.343 
PV per Lest 
Same Onatteedm 
Figure 25: DB Sum of the Parts Valuation Analysis for BX 
Fee-related Bermes 
Aftertax Fee-related Earnings (2014E) 
per une 
5815 
71 
Caned Merest earnings-
hvested capital • dry powder at 3013 
Assumed 1400 
124.487 
2A 
Assigned Fwd RE 
165x 
Carry rate 
20% 
Value per tril 
S11.73 
Corrp rate 
40% 
hvestrnent Horizon (yrs) 
6,0 
hcenthie Fee Earnings 
Value 
514.938 
hcentive Fees 
5622 
57.568 
Comp accrual 
40% 
FV per unit 
5661 
Retax hcentve Fees 
5373 
Minx hcentke Fees 
52W 
Bat nee sheet value at 3013 
Per une 
9)24 
Ftncipal ointments 
52.598 
Assigned Fwd RE 
83x 
Accrued carry 
52.769 
Value per und 
Total BV 
55367 
Asscned By mute* 
254 
Taal SCPVehe 
Value 
56.709 
$2621 
Oman price 
531 13 
Per urn 
SOP vs current price 
-158% 
San* dwaaM Ss* 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 23 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255974 
DB-SDNY-0 109790 
EFTA01452638

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452639.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 26: DB Sum of the Parts Valuation Analysis for CG 
Fee-related Earrings. 
Balance sheet value at 3013 
Atlertax Feel/sea Earnings (2014E) 
$162 
Finc pal nvestrrents 
$903 
per unit 
$0 52 
Accrued cagy 
51.535 
Assigned Fwd RE 
165x 
Total BV 
52.438 
Value per tire 
$8.57 
Assonod BV mutple 
1.25x 
Value 
53.048 
Carted rawest earnings 
per unit 
$979 
twisted capital • dry powder at 3013 
591.164 
Assured ACC 
Ox 
Total SCPValue 
536 16 
Carry rate 
20% 
avers pace 
$3604 
Oxrp rale 
40% 
SCPvs current pce 
03% 
twestment Wigan (Y(5) 
Value 
510 940 
Vitt avg units 2014 
311 3 
FV 
55542 
FY per we 
517 8t 
Son Dann ewe 
{Figure 27: DB Sum of the Pans Valuation Analysis for KKR 
Fee. reefed Earrings 
Balance sneet value at 3013 
Attertax Fee-reisted Earnings (2014E) 
$412 
FYincpal nvestments 
54.987 
per Ln4 
SO 58 
Accrued carry 
5971 
Assigned Fwd RE 
165x 
Total BV 
55.958 
Value per uni1 
S9 56 
Assigned 8V mulple 
125x 
Value 
57.447 
Carried Merest camas 
per unit 
$1048 
Wasted capital • dry powder at 3013 
566.804 
ASSUmee MCC 
Ox 
Total SOP Value 
$25 74 
Carry rate 
20% 
Currert pee 
524 56 
Oxrp rate 
40% 
SOPys current yxce 
48% 
hot:raiment Widen (yrs) 
Value 
58016 
Vitd avg units 2014 
710 9 
Pv
54.061 
Pc, per tell 
$571 
Same pass. to* 
iFigure 28: DB Sum of the Parts Valuation Analysis for OAK 
Fee-rated exangs 
Alleftax Fee-reared Earnings (2014E) 
per unit 
AssIgned Fwd RE 
Vake per uni 
$67 
$045 
165x 
(Seance Sheet value at 3013 
Pene pal nvestmentS 
Accrued carry 
Total BV 
ASSOned BV twice 
Value 
51,112 
51,306 
$2,418 
25x 
53.022 
ar. 
Caged Merest ea t was 
per unit 
520 35 
boasted captal • dry powder at 3013 
547.058 
Assumed MCC 
Or 
Total SOP Value 
547 47 
Crary rate 
20% 
Current once 
558 88 
Caro rate 
40% 
SCPvs current pnce 
• 194% 
nvestmeni rtreon (yrs) 
Value 
$6755 
VrtO avg units 2014 
148 5 
Ps/ 
52.918 
IV per tits 
Son. Nun* Su* 
Page 24 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255975 
DB-SDNY-0109791 
EFTA01452639

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452640.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
While the pace will differ between firms, we expect a strong pace of 
realizations over 2014-15 to generate strong sequential growth in distributable 
earnings for the Alts, a substantial positive catalyst for the stocks as this builds 
in 2014. As a refresher, the steps highlighted below outline the different parts 
of the private equity cycle as it relates to the GPs (the Alt firms). 
Fund assets raised from limited partners (LPs); 
Dry powder is built up (capital committed by LPs but yet to be called 
from LPs and invested); 
Capital gets called and deployed (invested by the GP); 
As investments appreciate in value, funds make their way into a 
position to accrue and earn carried interest incentives; 
Carried interest revenue gets accrued via mark-to-market gains, but is 
not yet harvested, thus a non-cash gain for the GP, as the value of the 
investment has yet to be realized (i.e. sold via IPO or M&A, etc); 
Investments are sold (realized) and the gains plus original cost are 
distributed back to the LPs, with GP taking 20% of the gain; and 
The 20% take by the GP becomes cash revenue, and after about 40% 
of this is paid to partners/staff, the remainder flows to the bottom line 
into distributable earnings (after certain other costs and allocated 
taxes), and forms the basis for the quarterly distribution to unit holders. 
While all aspects of this cycle are currently occurring (e.g. fund raising 
remaining healthy and dry powder building up), we expect the latter part of 
this cycle (steps 6-7) to remain especially strong through 2015 and begin to 
wane in 2016. Figure 34 shows our forecasts for gross realizations by these 
five Alts over our forecasting horizon. 
Figure 34- GB lc:reclaim for Gross Peak:miens by Ape 
Gross Realization Forecast (Ebn) 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
APO 
$10.9 
$21.7 
$17.0 
$10.5 
$5.8 
BX 
$12.6 
$26.1 
$31.8 
$42.5 
$12.6 
CG 
$23.5 
$21.7 
$16.3 
$20.4 
$23.5 
KKR 
$9.6 
$9.8 
$13.7 
$16.5 
$9.6 
OAK 
$12.7 
$11.3 
$8.0 
$8.0 
$127 
Total 
$69.2 
$90.6 
$86.7 
$97.9 
$64.2 
X✓u GO,COW 
rid CleutION CiN 
This said, there are cases where the funds are in different stages of the cycle, 
such as with APO, where its relatively large Funds VI and VII are moving more 
quickly through the distribution phase and will likely become more fully 
harvested over the next 1-2 years, while the new Fund VIII (just raised last year 
at 518bn) is early in its investment cycle (steps 2-3 above) and is unlikely to 
begin realizing investment gains for several years. Another positive factor in 
this current cycle is the pace of fundraising - which remains strong and for 
firms with relatively extended realization timelines, such as CG, the current 
heavy pace of fundraising may help bridge the valley between realization 
cycles, depending of course how supportive the markets are over the long-
term. 
Page 28 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109795 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255979 
EFTA01452640

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452641.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
We do not see this on the horizon for at least the next 12-18 months, given our 
expectation that realizations will continue to improve sequentially on a 
quarterly basis well into 2015, albeit lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. The 
situation with APO will be a good test for this, as we expect their largest funds 
to exhaust most of their embedded realized gains over the next several 
quarters, and the next fund (Fund VIII) is unlikely to reach realization mode 
until sometime well after 2016, in our view. It will also be interesting to gauge 
the pace of realizations vs. fundraising across the Alts space over the next 
several years, as it is quite possible that funds raised over the past 2-3 years 
could begin realizing gains by 2016, helping to bridge the valley in around 
2017-18 we expect to see for the PE industry broadly. CG looks to be in the 
best position in this regard right now among its Alt peers. 
Higher interest andior a credit cycle 
With the view that higher interest rates hurts the financing capabilities of 
private equity portfolio companies, investors sometimes look at the Alts as 
having considerable downside risks in a rising rate backdrop. However the Alt 
mgmt teams have increasingly stated they are not concerned given their 
portfolio companies' cash flows would improve nominally in a rising rate 
backdrop, as well as benefit from economic expansion. This has helped eased 
concerns and the stocks have traded better against spikes in yields recently, 
nevertheless the risk remains that these stocks could underperform other 
financials in a rising rate backdrop. Separately, should credit begin to 
deteriorate, certain asset classes can depreciate significantly as investors in 
those assets become concerned about defaults, even well before the economy 
shows signs of weakening. This could negatively impact asset values and fund 
flows for the credit-oriented strategies at the Alts - the largest of which from a 
concentration perspective are at OAK, APO, and BX.. 
Difficu€ty in RAE lowing P/E gap with traditional asset managers 
The Alts trade at significant P/E discounts to the traditional asset managers for 
a variety of reasons even outside of the greater leverage to economic cycles. 
These include 1) earnings are very difficult to model both in the short- and 
long-term, hence reducing conviction in stocks with low forecasting ability, 
especially vs. easier-to-model fee-based asset management businesses, 2) the 
corporate/partnership organizational and financial structure is complex & 
difficult to become comfortable with, 3) the units and their distribution 
structure are prohibitive for some investment portfolios, and 4) the public 
floats are low and there is long-term overhang as partners monetize stakes. To 
the extent investors do not gain overcome these issues, there is risk the Alts 
will fail to narrow their PIE gap to the asset managers, which is part of our 
bullish thesis on the group. 
Taxation and regulatory risl,s 
From time-to-time there have been fears of tax reform that would either target 
carried interest (converting it to income to be taxed at marginal rates) or 
taxation on the partnership structure. To the extent legislators propose this 
type of tax reform again, and certainly if anything were to be enacted, it could 
reduce the distributable earnings for the Alts and would likely pressure the 
stocks. On the regulatory front, right now the Alts are not a major target for 
financial reform, as the banks have been, though should this change for any 
reason, (particularly if the Alts were becoming more involved in financing) it 
would negatively impact the stocks. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 31 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109798 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255982 
EFTA01452641

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452642.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Rating 
Company 
Hold 
North America 
United States 
Apollo Global 
Management 
Research Analyst 
Price at 24 Jan 2014 
32.20 
(USD1 
Price Target 
31.00 
Brokers, Asset 
APO N 
APO US 
52-week range 
36.22-20.94-
Managers & Exchanges 
11ric,ipitco relairve 
Strong performer but solid earnings 
peaking out soon; initiate at Hold 
Initiating coverage of APO with a Hold Rating and $31 PT 
We see APO units trading in a range near current levels over the next 12 
months for the following reasons: 1) we see APO as more advanced in its fund 
realization cycle than peers, a condition likely to continue into 2014, causing 
distributable earnings (DE) to peak in 2013 or 2014 at the latest, 2) despite a 
very successful capital raise for Fund VIII at $18bn, DE in 2015-16 is likely to 
remain well below 2013-14 levels as Fund VIII remains in a capital deployment 
mode through 2016, and distributions from other large funds will likely have 
waned, and 3) APO's risk profile is above average with more concentrated 
positions, and this could restrain APO's PE expansion in 2014 if the market 
becomes choppier vs. 2013. Positively, mgmt is extremely innovative and 
several growth initiatives may help buffer the valley in the PE cycle, the 
strongest being the Athene/Aviva acquisition, which will enable APO to further 
leverage its credit expertise & grow fee earnings. However, we don't think 
these efforts will fully offset the DE compression post realization cycle. 
Ear nings outlook 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts, rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. We forecast APO's DE per unit 
to drop from $3.82 in 2013 to $3.22 in 2014E and $2.70 in 2015E. Key drivers 
are: 1) exhausting harvested gains over the next several quarters, 2) Fund VIII 
being in investment mode, partially offset by 3) contribution from Aviva. 
Valuation & Risk 
With positive revaluation for the Alts, we still think APO will expand its P/E 
from 10.6x 2014E ENI to over 11-12x 2015E DE 12 months from now, 
narrowing its discount to the S&P 500 P/E from -40% to -30%. This drives a 
$31 PT, which implies a total return of 6% over the next 12 months, inclusive 
of a 9.5% forecast distribution yield for 2014. Downside risks for APO are: 1) a 
slowdown in US/global economy, 2) a prolonged equity market correction, 3) 
an inability to generate strong growth organically and/or from Aviva in 2014 
that would further reduce DE in '15. 4) an inability to deploy capital in Fund 
VIII at a reasonable pace & 5) failure to improve PIE vs. traditional asset 
managers and the market broadly. Upside risks are: 1) stronger investment 
returns than expected that drive much higher DE than forecast, and 2) much 
stronger organic growth at Aviva than forecast. 
dO 
1112 
7112 
1113 
olsodsOlOtolM•00.• 
SIP 000 MOCK OlOoodd) 
7/I 
Performance I%) 
1m 
3m 
12m 
Absolute 
5.1 
-6.3 
53.3 
S&P 500 INDEX 
-2.3 
2.2 
19.8 
Sow* Doistoloi 
,•:.7vcat i 
Market Cap IUSID) 
$12.707 
Shares outstanding (ml 
393.8-
Free float 1%) 
Volume 124 Jan 2014) 
229.268-
Option volume lund. slits.. 1M 
avg.) 
24.047-
Sow* DeastWe 
Itripitrxi 
I•ini.e.;ri'vo!..:14iPt 
12011. -
NOS - 
OCOO. ti
len 1 1 
OR It 
Jon I2 2 
en 12 
— 
duns %Ad 
mate: Gamma leg 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 33 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109800 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255984 
EFTA01452642

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452643.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452643.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Key Operating Metrics 
iFiguto 36. APO Firrn•wide Key Operating Metrics Forecasts 
INCOME STATES 911' 
KEY METRICS 
e.g.: 
Bloke tax rate on B 
9.7% 
64% 
180% 
140% 
110% 
117% 
14.0% 
14.0% 
14.0% 
14.0% 
14.0% 
14.0% 
14.0% 
Bock valor pit tot 
$403 
$547 
$539 
$548 
54 
3556 
$62 
55.69 
74 
55.79 
$6.79 
86 
$594 
Tongbe book yak% pet um' 
$4.12 
$502 
$4.97 
$5.09 
$5.14 
3.15 
$5.22 
$5.28 
35.33 
115.33 
35.38 
$6.44 
$5.52 
CastrtOlon pAr 664 
$1.94 
$057 
$132 
3101 
sow 
70 
30.75 
50.77 
$079 
30.75 
$3.06 
$2.56 
$213 
Clartoos PO c9A ra9
106 2% 
962% 
951% 
1000% 
970% 
970% 
96.0% 
960% 
950% 
95.0% 
95.0% 
950% 
950% 
Profitability: 
Room% net 'mom (91) par wit 
$382 
1189 
$050 
3114 
1012
3.55 
$0.61 
$0 66 
50.65 
$0.59 
$250 
5232 
3240 
U1mbOstb Bump (DB pot unt 
$184 
$059 
$139 
5101 
3083 
fl ea 
50.79 
$0.81 
$0 83 
79 
12.22 
1270 
$224 
Feoreeted ounces (FRE) per um% 
43 
$013 
17 
$012 
$021 
$0.63 
30.26 
SO 29 
30.30 
10.27 
$1 13 
3102 
31.16 
EMMA 
8279 
2608 
5820 
4170 
3623 
16221 
3552 
3638 
372 1 
351 5 
1.4425 
1.2407 
1.0775 
FRE (pretix) 
2229 
660 
$9 1 
629 
1116 
396 
144 2 
150 1 
1573 
1318 
590.4 
631.9 
606 .6 
FRE rimon Beets) 
27.1% 
294% 
361% 
2636 
35.5% 
327% 
425% 
417% 
45.3% 
39.0% 
42.7% 
40.8% 
43.4% 
%colors% IFICOMI 011er (max) 
525% 
575% 
456% 
511% 
511% 
527% 
513% 
525%. 
531% 
495% 
516% 
50.7% 
51.8% 
Base carp rate 
41.3% 
398% 
34.5% 
413% 
40.7% 
396% 
37.1% 
353% 
34.2% 
37.2% 
35.9% 
37.2% 
35.6% 
ranks comp OW 
403% 
379% 
479% 
447% 
400% 
416% 
400% 
400% 
400% 
400% 
0% 
0% 
40.1% 
Taalcony rate 
390% 
373% 
403% 
434% 
386% 
399% 
363 
.5% 
338% 
354% 
349% 
352% 
33.6% 
Balance Street: 
EOP As$04 
4260 4 
4.9308 
41811 
5.0091 
5.0592 
50502 
5.1098 
5.1009 
212 5 
5,946 
6254 6 
5,3173 
5,3714 
EOP I% nose Ass3 
4,0627 
4.7648 
4,6174 
4.8566 
49041 
31 1 
4.9511 
6,0027 
0527 
5,1012 
5,1032 
6,1543 
6,95 .3 
BOP long-bum DM 
737 8 
737 7 
7283 
728 3 
7366 
7356 
742 9 
7503 
7578 
7654 
7654 
773.1 
7608 
COP 614Y (Porrnott 03490 
1.8050 
2.1435 
2.1220 
2.1628 
2,1845 
184 5 
22063 
22264 
250 7 
2,2732 
2,2732 
nas 9 
2,3189 
BOP Tarot. 0700 
1,6182 
1.%35 
1,9583 
2.0093 
2.0194 
2094 
2.0497 
2.0702 
2.0509 
2.1118 
2111.6 
2,132.9 
2,1542 
Cosh OS tot 
$241 
5229 
3306 
88 
91 
32.92 
32.95 
52,99 
53.02 
$3.05 
$3.05 
3306 
$312 
DablACINIIDA 
r 
Oh 
03x 
04x 
6x ' 
0.5% 
0.64 
Obi 
0.54 
0.5x 
05x 
06c 
07x 
Equty/Asosts 
423% 
434% 
444% 
432% 
432% 
432% 
43.2% 
432% 
43.2% 
43.2% 
432% 
432% 
43.2% 
%Conon EOM l%'3Z1 
' 1190% 
1524% 
372% 
960% 
588%' 
859% 
449% 
460%. 
446% 
409% 
0% 
39.7% 
40.5% 
%ban on Tariel, %quay (FOIE) 
' 1380% 
1878% 
404% 
1068% 
3% ' 
934% 
479% 
495% 
483% 
440% 
474% 
428% 
436% 
Nay Fundamental Or! net 
AS 1 ell un0er 11911 (AuI
111919 
112152 
111148 
111,465 
163 810 
162810 
163.147 
163 772 
164.384 
166053 
165.053 
179,649 
203.0'26 
Fsa pay ng Atm (Bow) 
(11,93A 
81,663 
79,293 
79,143 
19.256 
129258 
129,433 
129.631 
129.862 
130.095 
30.005 
138.549 
152.966 
Net IBA e WSW 
18,192 
-2,549 
-906 
-2337 
362 
-1.440 
-2.725 
-2.660 
.2.574 
.2610 
-10451 
2.406 
11.560 
AuMoiganic rowvi rite (annualzoI) 
' 
242% 
3% 
-32% 
-83% 
156% 
.13% 
4.6% 
45% 
-8.1% 
40% 
-6 4% 
1.6% 
6.4% 
Nal lbw s b FPAuld 
22.513 
.202 
asss 
8,348 
svie 
10.526 
.782 
.767 
-753 
-739 
.3.042 
1.577 
7.248 
190.31 organt grow 0 rate (amisakf OS) 
r 
367% 
-10% 
.174% 
418% 
287% 
126% 
-2.5% 
-24% 
-2.3% 
-2.3% 
-24% 
1.2% 
5.2% 
Avg Mr tee (re on APAu14 
' 
076% 
DV% 
084% 
083% 
0.74% 
061% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
074% 
074% 
074% 
078% 
080% 
Oolontled costal (39431.9100961) 
4.35 
1.882 
567 
605 
839 
3.33 
1.32 
1.292 
1292 
1.292 
5,167 
5.167 
1799 
Goss motoptons 
10.855 
3,396 
7,185 
6.265 
4,39 
3.726 
4.33 
4.282 
4.211 
144 
16.993 
10.535 
840 
Uncalled capes (dry corolcil 
'1,905 
9.769 
16,105 
18.267 
26.232 
26.232 
25.227 
26.239 
26,257 
312 
26.673 
22.663 
20.853 
Son ca on% moo•• And 0woch• 3* 
7012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4.213E1
1014E 
2014E 
3014E 
40144-
29T4nITECIOTIa) 
Page 36 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109803 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255987 
EFTA01452643

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452644.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 38: APO Credit Sege lent Income Statement Forecast 
INCOME STATOISIT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
6012E 
20131 
10149 
2016E 
3016E 
40111 
64.4 newest 
A6. ay 8 troneecta, fees 1/orn 41840es 
276 
218 
220 
233 
419 
1000 
424 
428 
49.2 
436 
Illinagersot Ism from ittroies 
299 7 
4 
934 
870 
089 
4007 
1385 
1415 
144 4 
1459 
Cants Memel (stied (mns 'hornet's*. 
378 
9.0 
10.1 
100 
382 
110 
111 
112 
124 
Idol mil banns rennue 
3651 
115.2 
1124 
119 4 
1908 
347 9 
191.9 
1954 
1989 
2019 
Carnal Mono Orton*: 
Uweelze0 gun (bests) 
3011 
73.2 
(558) 
110 3) 
135 5) 
131 4) 
1M.S/ 
(3191 
(34 4) 
1370, 
Rested cons 
1799 
51.5 
102 1 
106 
667 
325 
.0 
600 
600 
400 
Wel carried ne(414 mcr 
4410 
124 7 
433 
5 
2 
2917 
305 
261 
256 
230 
Tad Annie 
11461 
239.9 
16511 
211.9 
242.0 
201.6 
222.4 
2213 
724.5 
2240 
Gene 
Corpensecn 4 Wells 
Ecuty4:osed Con, 
270 
275 
7.0 
Solpy. bows banns 
doll 
inert* usenet/ 
1226 
34.3 
320 
*7 
807 
1867 
830 
61.4 
50.8 
667 
0valve:is/oft Amens supense 
754 
165 
(1551 
315 
(14 21 
3 
01.6) 
(128) 
(1351 
11481 
Reare0 >o/1 shwas expense 
001 
22.0 
393 
34.6 
267 
1226 
2.0 
0 
240 
2310 
Tom peo11 Owing (ace* 
1555 
305 
23.8 
69.3 
125 
144 1 
122 
112 
102 
itcenihre n544019 
• 
74441Corro Senells 
305 3 
79.3 
629 
114 9 
512 
315 3 
83.2 
796 
769 
839 
Welnon-carp incomes 
141 1 
384 
38.2 
II 4 
130 
1310 
38.7 
4011 
384 
443 
Told esenoes 
4$1.4 
II2.7 
101.1 
1493 
1242 
492.3 
111.9 
1353 
114.5 
1162 
Other Mean* gots): 
Ore ocornolost WW1 toSt4M4) 
150 
153 
5 
Omer ScomAcot Inceneve tr.mnem) 
16:4 ganelbssol Iran mister* emotes 
(I 1) 
0.71 
(7 11 
(36) 
41 
8) 
0.4 
it 
Mccrre(1314) 044(140AYmIM001n**
481 
018 
268 
7.8 
Toll 04160 Income Ilossl 
209 
15.4 
4.$ 
17.4 
13A 
61.1 
16.1 
1511 
29.1 
/2.7 
143ncalroIng Merest 
(87) 
0.5) 
1321 
(281 
(2.0) 
51 
(2.0) 
120) 
(tot 
0.0) 
Pales CcenemIc *I Imams 
4430 
134.1 
MA 
79.2 
10113 
351.0 
114.6 
1244 
181 
115.4 
Same Coopiny moats era Onacite Solt 
2016E 
2015E 
2011114 
122.0 
)4 4 
36.1 
570 3 
644 3 
733.0 
457 
Lao 
50.4 
768 0 
726 7 
419.5 
(11271 
11121) 
(88) 
2400 
2000 
130.9 
107 3 
879 
12.0 
9353 
514.11 
9416 
29.0 
320 
32.0 
250.7 
2441 
283.0 
(5311 
(44 40 
127) 
900 
800 
52.4 
429 
352 
496 
K2 6 
311 3 
344.7 
11343 
1560 
113.9 
446.9 
487.3 
9165 
351 
386 
40.5 
118 
130 
13.6 
1.0 
1.1 
310 
341 
306 
71.5 
116.1 
11.1 
(8 01 
140) 
IRO) 
479.0 
4269 
518.1 
Page 38 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109805 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255989 
EFTA01452644

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452645.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 39: APO Real Estate Segment Income Statement Forecast 
ØMS ST,. TEN 2Ni 
Pee rotoras: 
Actatory &Irani-action fen Iran altirs 
1,33226mint Is from 61124S 
Øh6 2110int 830260 Sine Itoinattiotes 
Toni 'runt Ousress revenue 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4.2132 
2013E 
10148 
2/314E 
30146 
401 
Corned Wend Income: 
unmated gam (bnes) 
Roland gara 
TOW aulta ~tat 3COM, 
Total Ronno• 
E63/.c 
Carom:14ton 11 benolts 
arAy-based cony 
Saint tone & tootles 
Pica 63239 a. pente 
unrtaind prole shorn; wens* 
~WM prolaborrp «pinto 
Tesal picit shortie topers* 
TKNfYafa Coop 
TOlalConpt Binges 
Total non.ccop ~es 
Total 1261•63•11 
Other Loma* (bro). 
Geer ncorrets 005681244.14) 
nconase (IvAnIk• 341310.1) 
524 garoAosseci rorm rwesalent *Cairo 
ware (tes) from coup method reetsbreota 
Todl Other Income (1330) 
Non.conlrollng rte4ost 
Oret« &enerok Not roos. 
Sow, Caron rtpcm 4ee 084.4d8 
463 
• 
470 
104 
621 
7 
233 
• 
142 
▪ 
402 
242 
724 
eel 
136 
132 
134 
133 
147 
14$ 
114 
143 
(6 4) 
3.3 
(6 2) 
16.6 
14.7 
134 
106 
(4 5) 
0.6 
(39) 
2.3 
100 
¶43 
156 
7.3 
7.1 
7.3 
17.1 
110 
214 
229 
1.1 
0.8 
(0.1) 
0.8 
0.8 
1.0 
1.1 
1.0 
1.6 
(0.7) 
I1.6/ 
13.1) 
r 
r
535 
66.9 
2.7 
3.2 
660 
.6 
329
93.3) 
IB 
1.3 
449 
27.7 
720 
P. 
3.0 
2.3 
(7.3)
129 
129 
130 
128 
139 
ISO 
ISO 
169 
3.7 
156 
155 
154 
152 
236 
305 
31.3 
32.1 
6.1 
6.1 
167 
174 
161 
157 
242 
24.7 
254 
KO 
1.7 
1.7 
1.8 
7.2 
7.0 
7.9 
30143 
2015E 
2016 
516 
506 
424 
3.0 
6t7 
601 
4.9 
1 
33.7 
6.3 
267 
267 
.0 
617 
603 
4.3 
123.5 
118.5 
96.2 
120 
100 
343 
307 
24.9 
140 
135 
19.9 
ID 7 
107 
247 
24.1 
19.9 
710 
616 
54.9 
29.2 
295 
29.2 
100.2 
IAA 
34.1 
7.1 
2.5 
. 
. 
30.3 
31A 
21.9 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 39 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109806 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255990 
EFTA01452645

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452646.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Investment Thesis 
Outlook 
Buy-rated Blackstone is a leading alternative asset manager, and is well 
positioned to generate solid growth in distributable earnings over the next fewl 
years. The firm is well diversified and executing well in each of its core 
businesses - private equity, real estate, credit, hedge fund solutions, and 
advisory. We see the following positive catalysts for BX units over the next 12 
months: 1) a steep earnings ramp over the next several quarters with solid 
double-digit year/year distributable earnings (DE) growth; 2) a substantial 
realization cycle for at least the next 1.2 years becoming more evident, 3) a 
spike up in realized carried interest in 2014 from BCP V moving into carry, 4) 
continuation of good organic asset growth momentum across all four business 
lines, & 5) a better appreciation for BX' diversified business mix, which should 
continue to fire on all cylinders in 2014. We see these dynamics helping BX 
narrow its P/E gap to traditional asset managers over the course of 2014, a 
trend benefiting the alternative asset managers (Alts) broadly as well. 
Valuation 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts, rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. Our valuation is based on 
assigning a target PE on our 2015 estimate for distributable earnings, a year 
from now. We think several catalysts will drive BX' P/E from 10.4x 2014E ENI 
to over 13x 2015 DE 12 months from now, narrowing its discount to the S&P 
500 P/E from -30% to -10%. This drives a $39 PT, which implies a total return 
of 30% over the next 12 months, inclusive of a 6.3% forecast distribution yield 
for 2014. 
Risks 
Downside risks for BX are: 1) a slowdown in US/global economy. 2) a 
prolonged equity market correction, 3) an inability to generate strong organic 
growth in 2014 that would jeopardize long-term growth in DE after a likely 
strong realization cycle over 2014.15, 4) a significant decline in real estate 
values in the US, and 5) a failure to narrow P/E gap vs. traditional asset 
managers and the market broadly. Additional downside risks are: loss of key 
personnel, a deterioration in investment performance, unfavorable regulatory 
legislation, a change in tax laws creating higher taxation on carried interest 
and/or the partnership structure, increasing competition from traditional asset 
managers diversifying into alternatives, and inability to broaden the investor 
share base if as holding partnership units can be prohibitive for some 
investment funds. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 41 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109808 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255992 
EFTA01452646

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452647.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Company summary 
The Blackstone Group (BX) is a manager of private capital and provider of 
financial advisor services. Its alternative asset management business raises 
capital from institutional investors and invests assets in private equity funds. 
real estate funds, fund of hedge funds, credit-oriented funds. CLO vehicles and 
other separately managed accounts. It also provides financial advisory, 
restructuring and fund placement services. It operates in 5 segments, Private 
Equity. Real Estate. Hedge Fund Solutions, Credit, and Financial Advisory. 
Founded by Chairman & CEO Steve Schwarzman and Pete Peterson in 1985, 
the firm's roots are in business advisory and buyout investing, which quickly 
grew much more substantially into private equity. In contrast to APO (and also 
KKR) the investing style tends to be more conservative with less concentrated 
bets (though plenty of caveats), and Br advisory foundation has generated a 
more 'partnership'-oriented style with its portfolio companies. Historically, the 
firm has been more equity focused and this expertise was leveraged into other 
businesses, including the now larger real estate segment. However, Br credit 
expertise improved substantially with its well-timed acquisition of a credit fund 
manager (GSO) in 2008 with BX successfully leveraging its capabilities and 
growing the unit to $63bn in AuM from less than $10bn in 2008. 
In our view, BX is in a very good position to continue leveraging its capabilities 
and leading positions in private equity, real estate, credit, and alternative 
investment advisory, to generate a 'growthier' and more consistent balance of 
fee and incentive-based earnings. Combined with its strengthening portfolio 
realization cycle (still in relatively early stages and to be potentially bolstered 
with latent currently non-carry $20bn BCP V fund), we see BX generating 
superior growth in DE among these five Alts over at least the 2014-15 
timeframe. This helps drive our Buy thesis for BX and places it as our top pick 
in this group. 
Page 42 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109809 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255993 
EFTA01452647

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452648.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Key Operating Metrics 
{Figure 40. BX Firm-wide Re Operating Metrics Forecasts 
INCOMESTATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4013E 
2013E 
10146 
2014E 
3014E 
4014E 
2014E 
2010E 
2016E/ 
KEY METRICS 
Badc: 
Ellectwe tax tale on B 
Book yak* get iiII 
Tanga» book value oei 59 
Cvartuton 90 unit 
Datreartcel goyeut rat* 
22% 
$751 
$17 
' 
$072 
77.0% 
1.6% 
$755 
$556 
$030 
882% 
22% 
$7135 
$589 
$023 
835% 
23% 
5815 
$07 
$023 
890% 
25% 
$861 
$654 
$047 
886% 
22% 
502 
9955 
3121 
870% 
25% 
3883 
$677 
$05 
909% 
25% 
$918 
$714 
$092 
875% 
25% 
5964 
$761 
$049 
880% 
25% 
11019 
$817 
$063 
700% 
25% 
31020 
$818 
$195 
37% 
29% 
51184 
$900 
$246 
84.5% 
2.5% 
1125 
$1091 
$258 
800% 
Profits %Illy: 
Econcox ne4 naorre (DB pee um 
$177 
5055 
5062 
IOW 
$084 
$258 
$060 
$084 
$084 
$101 
$309 
1324 
$279 
DatrOutode Earrings Re per unt 
$0.93 
$0.34 
$0.28 
$0.20 
$0,53 
$140 
$0.44 
$048 
57
$083 
$233 
12.91 
$2.96 
Fedarebbod 549024 (FRe peg um 
5053 
5011 
5013 
5014 
5014 
$033 
5017 
$019 
$018 
$017 
$071 
$05 
$1 CO 
901TDA 
1307 7 
437 7 
4178 
378 7 
6683 
9005 
571.4 
6174 
723.1 
1.0232 
2.0351 
3.504.6 
3109.2 
FR000545 
700 3 
137 7 
106 4 
1760 
180 3 
671 1 
203.8 
2397 
232.7 
238.1 
9054 
15127.8 
1,54.0 
ME rtargin (pretax) 
29.2% 
24.3% 
292% 
27.6% 
254% 
287% 
3% 
315% 
315% 
277% 
300% 
93.6% 
33.8% 
&Gnaw men rear (palm) 
93.2% 
507% 
502% 
53A% 
531% 
51.9% 
507% 
508% 
530% 
525% 
51,9% 
51.3% 
50.8% 
Base cony tali, 
48,3% 
530% 
509% 
503% 
513% 
51.3% 
492% 
49.7% 
48.3% 
501% 
49A% 
49.5% 
43.9% 
~we carp tabu 
322% 
3%7% 
399% 
30.9% 
400% 
382% 
400% 
40.3% 
403% 
403% 
403% 
4.1% 
40.2% 
Taal Bono r410 
38.014 
402% 
41,4% 
365% 
391% 
.4% 
396% 
40.4% 
39.8% 
404% 
40,1% 
40.8% 
39.0% 
SalanaShn: 
EDP Awed 
13865 5 13,981 7 14.193 3 14103 5 114%2 11468 2 11840.6 19225.5 16 8271 17504.1 17504.1 18.4040 19143.4 
EOPTargati Assets 
115533 110325 119387 12.5220 13.1055 13105 5 13.4%.6 13.534 1425.7 14.718.3 14.7183 10.134.5 17.4103 
EOPLang. Xern Debt 
1.6350 
1,8760 
1,6350 
18350 
1,0350 
1,8350 
1035.0 
1,0350 
1.035.0 
1835.0 
19350 
1,6350 
18350 
EOPGauty (Anvers 0645 
8.l787 
0.8321 
19804 
9.3252 
9,8548 
9,8548 10105.4 10515.0 110451 11.879.4 11879.4 13.354 14.7528 
EOPTareade Gaut). 
8.1788 
93529 
97227 
8.9508 
7,4921 
7.4921 
7.754.8 
81759 
8.717.7 
9.383.8 
9.3838 11.0709 12.5281 
Cash pa unit 
$063 
5071 
$058 
5078 
$085 
was 
$090 
$094 
$099 
$104 
$104 
$124 
5143 
DeWEEITDA 
' 
094 
10x 
114 
Oft'.
0A 
07x 
Tx 
084 
044 
054 
054 
Ego.501.54% 
61.2% 
018% 
ea» 
CO% 
83.7% 
63.7% 
638% 
848% 
664% 
30% 
03.6% 
72.5% 
75.1% 
Return co 905 (00e 
23.5% 
298% 
320% 
27.8% 
398% 
298% 
930% 
264% 
354% 
405% 
303% 
27.13% 
21.7% 
Ram on Tangt5 Gaudy (ROTE) 
323% 
40.7% 
431% 
37.2% 
528% 
391% 
957% 
967% 
452% 
510% 
378% 
335% 
25.8% 
Key Fun& mental Drivere 
Asses urger Wit (Av40 
210221 
218.211 
229.572 
248.084 
55.895 
208505 
278.849 
291.406 
304A95 
317528 
3171213 
358922 301.95 
de4/4509 A vIA (FPAu5 
187.1380 
170,950 
170.336 
188.050 
130.502 
196.502 
203.774 
210.971 218.720 
227.430 
227.430 
259.898 
287.842 
Net gamest° Ault 
17,934 
900 
1541 
2,911, 
3.308 
12.793 
4,648 
4.918 
5090 
9.070 
19,341 
12861 
42(11 
AuM «gone gacvnh rate (annual:rod) 
r 
10.8% 
19% 
102% 
50% 
4% ' 
61% 
71% 
71% 
69% 
61% 
7.2% 
41% 
1.2% 
Net Bows to aPA51 
.1,714 
.2.032 
.22 
3411
771 
.040 
2191 
1.9% 
2,232 
2.948 
9.277 
12117 
9.471 
FPA5laganc gioNth rate ("elate) 
' 
.1.3% 
.4.9% 
.01% 
0.8% 
(t% ' 
.06% 
45% 
38% 
12% 
53% 
4.7% 
5.3% 
38% 
Avg 1.1grrt fee ram an FAXAA 
089% 
0.9916 
098% 
0941ó 
0.92% 
095% 
098% 
095% 
094% 
094% 
096% 
094% 
094% 
Canntled coca (44049 5440/05 
15.815 
1940 
3,756 
3538 
450 
13,515 
4.491 
4.307 
3,833 
3.359 
15.901 
12339 
10.758 
Gum tealamons 
12559 
8032 
9598 
13741 
13.720 
2956 
9972 
7226 
8.257 
9.316 
31.773 
42508 
48578 
54415 C4001 On. ~05 
31.211 
31905 
33.215 
33.022 
40.570 
40970 
40.885 
41.041 
41271 
42.372 
42.372 
45289 
46.289 
Sane 50~ rapes at 04~4 Mt 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pa ge 43 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109810 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255994 
EFTA01452648

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452649.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
[Figure 42: BX Real Estate Segment Income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4013E 
2013E 
1014E 
2014E 
3014E 
1014E 
Reverme 
Mmetterrent and A& say Fees. Net 
Base Management Fees 
561.3 
1383 
1370 
1367 
138.3 
5484 
149.6 
1115 
158.7 
1592 
Advisat Fees 
0.0 
GO 
0.0 
0.0 
Transaton 
War Fees. Na 
85.7 
9.1 
19,0 
192 
20.7
68.1 
17.4 
17.4 
152 
lao 
oral 
lhaspenem Fee Offsets 
-28.8 
-73 
-24 
-5.2 1' 
-212 
.35 
-3.0 
-26 
Tool Manegernent arcl Atkinson Fes. NM 
605.4 
1102 
149.7 
1535 
151.9 I. 
5913 
163.5 
1614 
170.9 
1726 
Ft ef canna Fees 
Rated Carted Haw 
185.1 
888 
1435 
939 
1150 ' 
4211 
161.0 
1880 
211.0 
3827 
Rasped aware F444. 
25.7 
311 
138 r 
7 
1.8 
1.9 
120 
1.194913•41 cans Imam 
536 
280 1 
2030 
340 4 
257 6 r 11300 
1351 
1220 
106.9 
2926 
Unmated licensee Fees 
4.1 
.323 
.8.3 r 
.357 
.40 
Total Performance Fete 
hirearrent Income ((am) 
B744 
354 3 
402 3 
4405 
3781 r 15752 
303.4 
3158 
327.7 
683 3 
Patted 
48.3 
186 
377 
687 
193 
151 
124 
143 
Uwealzecl 
90.9 
803 
33.8 
577 
37.7 
1883 
392 
453 
Cr 8 
571 
Taal Poem/rent Inca* (Loos) 
138.2 
698 
*2 
586 
75.4 
2530 
586 
604 
62.2 
71.3 
h111444 haan.8 Cwdend Rein 
144 
211 
Caen 
.03 
a 
I 
Total Revenue 
• 
1134.3 
5015 
605.3 
660.8 
613.9 r 24481 
5325 
551.4 
5660 
9141.6 
EOSIN 
Orcentaton 
Ccapensaton 
271.1 
606 
736 
753 
759 
2145 
801 
808 
00.3 
629 
Performance Fee Ccopensacon 
Reared Caned karat 
62.4 
259 
550 
369 
46.0 
1658 
51.4 
744 
844 
145 1 
Ratted Ircerave Ras 
111 
157 
249 
Unmakzed Goad Interest 
185.5 
891 
78.8 
993 
1010 
3700 
541 
488 
117 0 
Unrealized hoc-Nam Fees 
43.8 
1.0 
-163 
3.3 
.180 
-18 
Total Rinfornance Fee thripeneatimi 
203.4 
117.7 
1330 
1408 
151.2 
5427 
121.4 
1262 
131.1 
2463 
Tool Cormienselfon 8 Malts 
5111 
187.1 
206.8 
218 1 
Z7.2 
8373 
201,5 
207,0 
211 4 
3482 
*nen Cpratr9 Spades 
123 7 
265 
276 
306 
367 
173 4 
331 
31.4 
R2 
102 
Total Sponse; 
6262 
2151 
211.4 
2168 
2639 r 
960.7 
231.5 
235.6 
2416 
3014 
&onomle acorn. 
esti 
352.9 
370.9 
414.0 
39.9 r 1,487.8 
218.0 
3130 
324.4 
5262 
20140 
2013E 
2otee' 
0181 
6580 
661.4 
3.0 
630 
335 
224 
-128 
-4.1 
-4,5 
675.3 
8751 
682.3 
920 7 
15759 
1,2533 
17.1 
10.7 
666 .6 
665 
-1194 
120 
158 
2.7 
11099 
1.681 2 
1.1171 
611 
437 
591 
191 4 
1748 
177,3 
2525 
2185 
236.4 
223 
241 
260 
7.0 
25686 
2101.0 
2,090.1 
324 1 
337 7 
341.2 
3583 
6304 
WI .3 
4.3 
2635 
It 2 
.47.8 
1.1 
010 
672.5 
459,0 
968 1 
1,0102 
0:001 
1389 
1179 
1567 
1105.0 
1158.0 
9661 
1461.6 
1.447.9 
1.142.3 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 45 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109812 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255996 
EFTA01452649

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452650.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
[Figure 44: BX Credit Segment Income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
8013E 
2013E 
1018E 
2018E 
301E 
8018E 
Rano 
Minecoteort 
6.04601Y R144. Nei 
Bess IMnossriml Fen 
343 
914 
1019 
1019 
1037 
3989 
1660 
1066 
1113 
1141 
6.0Aomy Fees 
0.0 
1.0 
3.0 
liansacton 
par Fees.MI 
409 
9.0 
9.0 
Fe
0150101101 Fn Offsets 
.50 
.16 
-IS 
.26 
-18 
.75 
-18 
.16 
.is 
.11 
Total IMmeemeni sod ndottcry Fees NS 
3511 
942 
1094 
1064 
1109 
4208 
113 2 
1168 
1206 
124 3 
PcMcnrorco Fan' 
Roalial Gond tent 
525 
855 
369 
364 
161 4 
80.0 
800 
SOO 
BOO 
Rwitzia Downes Fen 
1924 
299 
222 
1140 
1740 
.2 
379 
197 
153.6 
tive017400rnsi lams! 
1820 
-188 
138 
309 
202 
512 
-39.6 
-429 
-469 
-502 
llrealtrM licenty0F446 
.382 
499 
156 
-380 
368 
72.8 
Wei 
788 
-512 
7401Polcmunco Fen 
3687 
124 5 
963 
711 
1326 
4235 
131.5 
1318 
131 5 
132.2 
woacen11xdre (loss) 
Amite! 
156 
3.3 
0.9 
108 
IA 
1.1 
1.3 
uireineite 
1.1 
•10 
Total rivestired Imam Doss} 
204 
-05 
170 
Meet Immo 8 Oimeni Rennie 
195 
Ore 
-12 
-1 
-04 
.04 
-03 
-03 
-0 3 
-0 3 
Total Revenue 
771.4 
2285 
2130 
1810 
2565 1. 
Y02 
254.5 
2547 
262.4 
207.9 
Evens. 
ComemeDor 
Ccomincolon 
lierlainni) Fee 03cpenillan 
1621 
455 
559 
533 
565 
211 3 
t66 
578 
597 
63.4 
Thio/24:1Cornicl 
303 
473 
200 
145 
835 
320 
320 
320 
Rolazol hantes fen 
1039 
14.2 
107 
456 
742 
7.3 
151 
614 
threolzed Caned Mereol 
976 
-102 
6.1 
192 
232 
• 15 e 
-172 
-13.8 
-23.1 
d
118 8 4111 ticimae Fees 
463 
236 
117 
.152 
335 
3.1 
227 
315 
Teal RrIcenvince faa Oxicxemcfoo 
1865 
685 
520 
318 
530 
2014 
52.6 
527 
528 
529 
Total Ccowsoirm 4 Benoit 
3686 
1100 
1060 
861 
1096 
4127 
1032 
1106 
1123 
1163 
Oiler Combine Dperses 
846 
210 
230 
235 
270 
943 
24.3 
231 
242 
30.3 
74441601m44
041 
131.0 
131.0 
10415 
1345 
507.0 
1334 
1336 
136.5 
148.1 
Economic Income 
sane Corny RNs — Once* Sr* 
3253 
fits 
fi20 
73.3 
1190 
373.7 
121.1 
1261 
125.1 
121.3 
201E 
2016E 
201 
4400 
4678 
479 2 
6.0 
360 
490 
368 
-72 
-98 
-78 
018 
5100 
513 2 
3200 
174 5 
218 2 
2294 
1136 
2167 
.1795 
-649 
.999 
157.2 
1704 
542 
5270 
3936 
3892 
4.5 
17.7 
180 
746 
226 
243 
195 
210 
-1 1 
-1I 
-12 
10435 
MO 
MI 
375 
2f01 
2'.66 
1260 
898 
873 
91.8 
4 
66.7 
-71.8 
-26.0 
i 399 
Cii 
632 
21.7 
2106 
157.8 
155.7 
4433 
4176 
4123 
1018 
1039 
115 4 
560.1 
527.5 
527.1 
4(0.4 
4105 
420.5 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 47 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109814 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255998 
EFTA01452650

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452651.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 45: BX Advisory Segment income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
f Mame 
2012 
1013 
2013 
301S 
4017E 
mIW 
10141 
2014E 
704E 
4011E 
1.1nonerneol end Adviser, Fees. Nei 
Bat Menegerrent Fees 
0.0 
1.0 
2.0 
3.0 
Aonscry Foes 
357 4 
670 
1207 
835 
1254 
3938 
878 
131 7 
972 
1383 
TranSsclOn en3 Caber Fees. Net 
0.0 
C) 
0.2 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
MmegoT4.4 Fee alms 
Q0 
0.0 
1.0 
2.0 
3.0 
Tow leensgovent end Aenscry Fees Net 
357 7 
67.0 
1207 
83.8 
1266 
3971 
on 
1338 
983 
1441 
Fbtarrrence Fees 
R•41:93 Ovoid Fewest 
0.0 
Reeked Incerwire Fees 
DO 
OD 
UTedirld Caned Merest 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Levee/ Meth Fees 
Tow Recoronce Fees 
tiVeStiThInt Wont 'LOSE 
Baotd 
-0.1 
-0.8 
to 
UTSZOI 
-04 
-15 
This 11v4s1menl Rowe (10510 
-0 1 
0.2 
2.0 
hteres1 hcare a spend Revenue 
1.7 
3.0 
3.0 
One 
-0 8 
-0 1 
0.1 
0.8 
0.5 
0,5 
Toist Rouen's 
3111 
61.5 
120.1 
$7.2 
130$ 
407.1 
114 
1111 
101.1 
1411 
&Awes 
Cetwensgsal 
Carpals/eon 
235 I 
579 
712 
57.5 
816 
2731 
57.1 
87.0 
026 
93.8 
Perfornece Fa. anoctsslon 
Retie/ ti ned Mores' 
0.0 
Q0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Reeked licentre Fees 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Ltresken area Moat 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Lrreeized Mateo Fees 
0.0 
TOM PolinTotto Foe Orrponsabon 
Tube 0311161seun a Balett 
2351 
579 
762 
57.5 
816 
273 1 
571 
87.0 
626 
8 
Obee Opert4e$ &ones 
845 
20.7 
209 
192 
211 
819 
8 
224 
231 
238 
Tout Reponse, 
3117 
it. 
970 
711 
1027 
3550 
719 
101 
116.7 
117.6 
Economic Income 
seine Crown',on extOrvesthe Sant 
47.1 
40.2 
251 
10.6 
271 
520 
16.5 
216 
111 
32.2 
20149 
20151 
2016E 
4499 
5174 
5132 
SO 
4523 
5219 
6497 
Q0 
8.0 
100 
100 
120 
100 
120 
4041 
540 
5717 
3005 
340 5 
3573 
Q0 
30)5 
340 5 
3573 
910 
965 
994 
391.5 
437.0 
4617 
12.1 
1061 
1110 
Page 48 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109815 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00255999 
EFTA01452651

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452652.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Key Operating Metrics 
iFigure 46: CG Firm-wide Key Operating Metrics Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4013E 
2013E 
1014E 
2014E 
3014E 
4014E 
2014E 
2016E 
2016E 
KEY METRICS 
a e: 
Ellectve lac fete on 8 
Beek valor pet unt 
Thittes took 
145% 
$807 
$391 
S112 
569% 
18,9% 
21 
64.14 
16 
34.2% 
20.9% 
$629 
54.31 
30.18 
304% 
17.8% 
3650 
5466 
16 
495% 
110% 
5653 
5467 
$120 
165.0% 
19.0% 
36.53 
$4.85 
$1.83 
62.2% 
170% 
$602 
3465 
$0.16 
227% 
17.5% 
5670 
63 
50.16 
219% 
17.5% 
80 
5482 
16 
214% 
20.0% 
$889 
$4 59 
$1.74 
2650% 
181% 
38.88 
54.57 
5222 
78.2% 
16.0% 
24 
54411 
$2.70 
80.0% 
160% 
82 
3455 
$297 
800% 
vas per unit 
OsuOurico per unt 
OstribuSon payout ratio 
Prolnabllify: 
Economc nor neon (03) per unt 
$204 
$102 
$0 39 
$051 
$093 
$2.64 
$062 
5085 
$071 
$071 
$270 
$260 
$284 
DertrOutsbN Smogs (OE) pet old 
5200 
$050 
$0.58 
32 
$073 
$2.11 
$070 
$0 73 
75 
$0 66 
$284 
$338 
72 
Fee.rektted evongs (FREI per wit 
5041 
5008 
50.06 
5008 
30.09 
10.31 
$0.10 
50.12 
15 
50.15 
5052 
$0.58 
$077 
&MA 
7298 
183 2 
150,8 
122.7 
277.2 
7039 
245 5 
255.7 
2638 
285 2 
1.030.3 
1.1002 
1.275.3 
fl RE (Pretax) 
189.5 
362 
26.4 
401 
353 
1410 
456 
562 
85.3 
648 
2309 
2439 
335.4 
FRE moron (pretax) 
157% 
132% 
85% 
128% 
11.8% 
11.6% 
13.7% 
161% 
184% 
17.6% 
165% 
15.4% 
185% 
Economc ncome margn (testa) 
380% 
46.2% 
307% 
316% 
42.7% 
392% 
380% 
389% 
402% 
39.9% 
39.3% 
38.0% 
385% 
Base ccerp raw 
588% 
58.5% 
531% 
538% 
54.8% 
54.6% 
536% 
524% 
512% 
525% 
52.4% 
54.8% 
544% 
lumbar coop rato 
473% 
40.0% 
478% 
513% 
40.0% 
43.3% 
400% 
400% 
400% 
40.0% 
400% 
40.0% 
400% 
Taal COM fat 
506% 
7% 
497% 
524% 
45.2% 
47.4% 
454% 
450% 
444% 
45.0% 
44.9% 
484% 
472% 
Balimo• Sine: 
EOP Assets 
4.6060 
5.1325 
5175.2 
5.9410 
6.047.6 
6.0476 6.3383 
6.643.5 
6664.0 
7.3005 
7.3005 
8.7137 
9.476.9 
EOPTontobls Assets 
4.1155 
4,4824 
4.550.6 
53607 
5.461.5 
54615 
57229 
5907 3 
8.165.5 
85880 
6.5680 
7.8568 
8545.1 
EOP Leapterrn Debt 
NS 2 
8962 
898.2 
898.2 
898 2 
888.2 
8982 
898.2 
898 2 
895 2 
ele 2 
898.2 
EOPEquty (Partneri.' Opts, 
1.6927 
1.9498 
1,991.2 
2048 7 
20507 
2050 7 
2.0700 
20104 
2,1126 
2134 7 
2.1317 
2.2235 
2.309.5 
EOPTangible eludf 
1.201 6 
1.2997 
1393.8 
1.4684 
1.4646 
1.46 .8 
1.4548 
1.444.2 
1431.1 
14223 
1.4=3 
1.3686 
1377.6 
Cash per und 
$184 
$182 
$1.81 
$272 
$278 
$2.77 
$293 
$309 
$325 
$3.43 
$341 
$4.15 
$458 
CretvElfl 
00r 
IN 
12x 
18x 
081. 
12x 
Othr 
094 
OStx 
OS. 
OW 
08. 
07x 
Gluey/Assn 
304% 
380% 
3898 
345% 
33.9% 
33.9% 
327% 
315% 
303% 
20.2% 
29.2% 
25.5% 
244% 
Return on and3 (Rite 
332% 
16.0% 
63% 
79% 
14.2% 
43.0% 
94% 
06% 
106% 
10.4% 
393% 
39.9% 
372% 
Return on TanOtte WAY (ROTE) 
523% 
25.6% 
92% 
113% 
19.9% 
81.1% 
132% 
140% 
154% 
15.5% 
591% 
64.9% 
624% 
Key Fundamental Driver 
Assets under 'Apt (AuMI 
170.158 
176.313 
180.448 
185.024 
200.067 
200.087 
212 293 
224.842 
236,351 
249.385 
249.355 
295.274 
343.976 
Poe-pays g Audi IFF6039 
123121 
122.904 
132.024 
137.924 
143.042 
143.042 
147.535 
151.891 
158.396 
161.746 
161.748 
178.714 
197.346 
Net &ors lc, AuM 
-8 601 
1033 
.279 
.742 
.1.493 
-1304 
3.356 
3741 
6331 
4.435 
14,264 
13.438 
13198 
AuM organs rya, rats (annuatod) 
2.0% 
.00% 
-16% 
-3 1% ' 
.08% 
68% 
59% 
59% 
7.4% 
71% 
5.4% 
45% 
Nat lbws to FFIkuM 
.5293 
139 
8,462 
8049 
379 
14020 
3,447 
3.280 
3.306 
4.213 
14,339 
15.189 
18868 
FPAuMceganc gr.:moth FM (annulated) 
0.5% 
270% 
122% 
40% ' 
11.4% 
98% 
69% 
$ 0% 
106 
10.0% 
9.4% 
03% 
Avg Ron fee rate co FPAuld 
r 077% 
079% 
070% 
081% 
082%' 074%
082% 
0.82% 
082% 
082% 
078% 
080% 
085% 
COMIT20:1 captal (cared cleptwocl) 
11.731 
6.702 
1.640 
2.030 
4,001 
373 
3,323 
3.423 
3.529 
3.740 
14.015 
12626 
13.713 
Gross resit irons 
23,528 
5.599 
5./71 
4.713 
5.633 
21.715 
3.721 
3.952 
4.169 
4.407 
16.339 
20.351 
20.738 
Unsalted rapts1 (thy pewdet) 
43934 
48.198 
49.015 
51.147 
52.273 
52273 
52.952 
51665 
54.523 
55.621 
55.621 
60944 
64,592 
Sand Co-4,ov reports nor OrrubdIr &int 
Page 52 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109819 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256003 
EFTA01452652

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452653.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
{Figure 47: CG Corporate Private Equity Segment Income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
44212E 
2013E 
1014E 
2014E 
34214E 
401 
Swpmeetl Revenue: 
Fund Mel feeetyma 
Fetl neenmemnt ties 
496.2 
106 3 
10(18 
1310 
1373 
as. 
IMO 
1466 
152 5 
157 9 
Pert1410 stMsery fees. ret 
17.8 
4.9 
4.7 
4.9 
186 
5.3 
Tramacton1444. MI 
190 
104 
4.0 
r  
261 
7.3 
Tetil Fee Remus 
5330 
1228 
117.7 
1414 
1482 r  
530 1 
1507 
157 7 
1650 
171 5 
%tem.'« fees 
Reeked 
639.5 
212 3 
151.4 
791 
24.2 ' 
esso 
1600 
180.0 
1500 
1600 
Wreaked 
130.5 
2076 
31.2 
1522 
2056 P. 
629 6 
(252) 
(22 7) 
104 
Total pectoris/me tie 
770 3 
4199 
1826 
2613 
460.8 ' 13146 
1548 
157 3 
166 4 
190 4 
Meseme axone Voss) 
Malted 
3.3 
513 
unrested 
20.5 
4 
5.6 
Tom niesIment mom (loss) 
235 
233 
Merest and otter score 
9.0 
Il 
I6 
se 
1.7 
I.6 
Teild revenue 
r 1,334.1 
5415 
»6.1 
411.1 
605.0 
1473.7 
316.1 
3244 
311.1 
3725 
-amnia 
Corm end Centre 
Met bate ccosneon 
226.2 
560 
50.0 
539 
578 
2161 
568 
574 
579 
524 
Street IMM compensate» 
92.5 
200 
21.8 
276 
267 
96.1 
262 
265 
267 
268 
Equly.tesedesspers•Con 
1.2 
IS 
2.3 
4 r 
103 
4.5 
I►rfbredMet98I45MJ. 
%Mod 
304.7 
1016 
65.1 
316 
969 " 
298 2 
720 
no 
no 
no 
unmated 
71.7 
136 
798 
634 r 
255.6 
no 1) 
(9 1) 
Total perlormsnee fearebted 
316.4 
1862 
739 
1144 
1803 r 
553.5 
619 
629 
746 
761 
Tote, corm are benetb 
696.3 
2617 
140.0 
196.0 
2492 
8768 
1494 
151 2 
163.7 
172 2 
General atenrestelm. & cow Matt experon 
134.0 
390 
416 
437 
45.5 
loos 
46I 
466 
472 
478 
Deptesseen amweraten as perm 
125 
3.0 
132 
3.0 
3.0 
Merest ememse 
14.3 
7.0 
255 
7.0 
7.0 
7.0 
7.0 
Tote expanses 
187.1 
349.1 
1M.7 
251.9 
3241 
16836 
205.4 
207.9 
220,9 
229.9 
Pro= %gin eat 5c0nomic Wt Income (7311) 
4740 
239.2 
105.4 
159.4 
an 
74143 
1094 
117.1 
1414 
1429 
SOSO. Cantry ~es we Ceira ant 
20148 
20154 
201 
5949 
6627 
771 7 
21.3 
244 
25.7 
7 
330 
347 
6449 
740 2 
6320 
720 0 
890.0 
Mt 7 
(31.1) 
(19(16) 
(3D73) 
6289 
694.4 
541 4 
II 1 
141 
221 
310 
256 
337 
sea 
427 
1,374.7 
3411.• 
1,426.1 
231 6 
2867 
3246 
1063 
1332 
1498 
16.0 
222 
250 
2880 
3560 
3595 
(12 4) 
(78.2) 
(1429) 
275 6 
277.8 
2186 
636.4 
7219 
7154 
177 
2109 
2256 
120 
140 
100 
28.D 
254 
25.0 
964.1 
987.7 
9754 
410.8 
5139 
407 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 53 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109820 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256004 
EFTA01452653

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452654.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
(Figure 48: CD Global Markets Strategies Segment Income State nent Forecasts 
INCOME STATEBIRO 
2012 
1013 
2011 
3013 
4012E 
7013E 
1016E 
2014E 
3044E 
401 
Segment Retenue: 
Fund ladles raerme 
Red rronagonsil ten 
237 2 
663 
738 
667 
673 
273 1 
676 
693 
712 
727 
Ft.146011041C/V Na, MI 
0.2 
0.1 
Transacicn Na. nd 
Taal Foe Neese 
3432 
665 
744 
666 
675 
274 2 
677 
696 
711 
731 
Parbmonce law 
Reese] 
1124 
24.1 
179 
175 
663 
113 
129 
116 
142 
(21 2) 
61.3 
Z30 
(136) 
276 
101 3 
TOY wrowarc• Na 
912 
644 
839 
(781 
451 
1666 
191 
203 
215 
227 
Inveso-nanl mon (kW 
Rend 
131 
1.9 
122 
190 
livedzed 
5.1 
(1191 
2.9 
(821 
4 
140109440r4411exaneOces) 
r 
227 
182 
Bifrost BM Me mare 
1.1 
I5 
r 
0.5 
ToW rovensvo 
' 
3594 
1410 
117.1 
530 
1181 
sal 
93.9 
97.3 
1015 
101.3 
Spahr evenolt 
Coop and bentas 
Or ecl base cower/46m 
863 
25.7 
249 
236 
198 
910 
196 
204 
209 
214 
hdrect tee wrong:1w 
3 
4.6 
240 
Ewer beam carpernalos 
0.4 
1.5 
1I 
Ftrtatre-cot tea Sew, 
Rettged 
462 
9,7 
as 
242 
Untealited 
(8 4) 
6.2 
110 
299 
16401 peowence199449191 
376 
169 
163 
180 
511 
713 
II 
9.1 
Tel cam aol Dwelt 
r 
1466 
466 
473 
327 
laill 
1752 
381 
394 
408 
42.0 
Gee*. Bast 
'e. 4 otate next expenses 
406 
195 
178 
IS 7 
566 
190 
192 
194 
196 
°toreador 6 ereeleallen expense 
1.2 
I I 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
Metal tone 
t5 
2.0 
2.0 
ToW expense. 
194.2 
66.0 
70.0 
118 
70.2 
253.0 
661 
61.6 
eito 
MA 
114049 Uri* re Economia 119i Income (614) 
1612 
104.0 
47.1 
161 
as 
2161 
310 
351 
37.6 
317 
Soter• <own repro en0 Oftesthe cant 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
2607 
3065 
4245 
0.7 
2819 
3067 
4259 
110 
600 
713 
306 
387 
526 
836 
986 
1239 
9.1 
II 5 
164 
253 
233 
275 
316 
347 
3963 
440.6 
5513 
826 
697 
1266 
311 
414 
675 
6.3 
21.2 
210 
235 
122 
IS 5 
210 
315 
394 
496 
1603 
1775 
2412 
77.1 
It 0 
909 
4.0 
4,0 
4.0 
5.0 
2414 
276.6 
344.1 
1469 
Hal 
3140 
Page 54 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109821 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256005 
EFTA01452654

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452655.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Rating 
Corti pa rry 
Hold 
KKR & Co. 
Rosoarch Analyst 
North Arne.' ic a 
United States 
Price at 24 Jan 2014 
24.56 
(USD) 
Price Target 
26.00 
Brokers, Asset 
KKR N 
KKR US 
52.week range 
26.30- 16.86 
Managers & Exchanges 
Price/price relative 
A battleground valuation stock; 
initiating at Hold on higher risk profile 
Initiating coverage of KKR with a Hold rating and $25 PT 
We see KKR units trading in a range near current levels over the next 12 
months for the following reasons: 1) market debate around the merits of KKR's 
differentiated balance sheet strategy should remain intense, but should the 
equity markets be choppier in 2014 vs. 2013 (as is the case so far), we think 
KKR units will struggle to advance as investors avoid stocks with more volatile 
& market-dependent earnings, and 2) KKR's distributable earnings (DE) profile 
through 2015 looks okay to us, and in fact could be less volatile than peers, 
but we also do not see a major growth catalyst in DE, thus investors may 
focus more on downside risks, & 3) KKR units look attractive on a sum-of-
parts basis, but we see the heavier business mix toward principal income & 
capital markets as a weight on the PIE. Positively, KKR is executing well across 
each of its businesses, including generating strong organic growth, while 
using the balance sheet to both leverage its investing acumen and generating 
a higher recurring distributable earnings base (to be helped by KFN in '14). 
Ea, nings outlook 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts, rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. We forecast KKR's DE per unit 
to remain steady, from $2.01 in 2013 to $1.99 in 2014E and $2.09 in 2015E. 
Drivers are: 1) steady growth in realizations & 2) good AuM organic growth. 
Valuation 
s 
We think KKR units partially realize the benefit of the sum-of-parts debate and 
revalue up from 9.7x 2014E ENI to nearly 12x 2015E DE 12 months from now, 
narrowing its discount to the S&P 500 P/E from -40% to -.20%. This drives a 
$25 PT, near current levels, which implies a total return of 8% over the next 12 
months, inclusive of a 6.5% forecast distribution yield for 2014. Downside 
risks for KKR are: 1) a slowdown in US/global economy, 2) a prolonged equity 
market correction. & 3) failure for investors to embrace the balance sheet 
strategy & award KKR a higher P/E from its current discount vs. peers, and 4) 
substantial negative marks on the balance sheet if values of its holdings drops 
sharply. Upside risks are 1) much stronger DE than expected if KKR leverages 
its investment ideas effectively in balance sheet investments and 2) investors 
awarding KKR a much higher PE if balance sheet risks are perceived as low. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
—WA • Co 
MP $00 INDEX (obs1) 
Performance 1%) 
Absolute 
S&P 500 INDEX 
Sow* Detach. Bat 
1m 
5.8 
0.0 
3m 
12.5 
4.7 
12m 
49.2 
22.3 
i 
at. 
Market Cap (USO) 
17.071.6-
Shares outstanding (m) 
709.7-
Free float I%) 
Volume (23 Jan 2014) 
366.778-
Option volume fund. stirs.. 1M 
ffY0.1 ....
....
...
....
...
...
...
.... 
Jane o_ 
 Sent 
Pago 57 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109824 
SDNY_GM_00256008 
EFTA01452655

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452656.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Investment Thesis 
Outlook 
Hold-rated KKR is one of the leading alternative asset management companies 
with a track record of innovation, strong investment performance, and healthy 
fund raising (organic growth). The firm is well positioned from rising demand 
from alternatives and concentration of fund raising toward large GPs. 
However, we see KKR units trading in a range near current levels over the next 
months for the following reasons: 1) market debate around the merits of 
KKR's differentiated balance sheet strategy should remain intense, but should 
the equity markets be choppier in 2014 vs. 2013 (as is the case so far), we 
think KKR units will struggle to advance as investors avoid stocks with more 
volatile & market-dependent earnings, and 2) KKR's distributable earnings (DE) 
profile through 2015 looks okay to us, and in fact could be less volatile than 
peers, but we also do not see a major growth catalyst in DE, thus investors 
may focus more on downside risks, & 3) KKR units look attractive on a sum-of-
parts basis, but we see the heavier business mix toward principal income & 
capital markets as a weight on the PIE. Positively, KKR is executing well across 
each of its businesses, including generating strong organic growth, while 
using the balance sheet to both leverage its investing acumen and generating 
a higher recurring distributable earnings base (to be helped by KFN in '14) 
Valwition 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts, rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. Our valuation is based on 
assigning a target PE on our 2015 estimate for distributable earnings, a year 
from now. We think KKR units partially realize the benefit of the sum-of-parts 
debate and revalue up from 9.7x 2014E ENI to nearly 12x 2015E DE 12 months 
from now, narrowing its discount to the S&P 500 PIE from -40% to -20%. 
This drives a $25 PT, near current levels, which implies a total return of 8% 
over the next 12 months, inclusive of a 6.5% forecast distribution yield for 
2014. 
Risks 
Downside risks for KKR are: 1) a slowdown in US/global economy, 2) a 
prolonged equity market correction, & 3) failure for investors to embrace the 
balance sheet strategy & award KKR a higher P/E from its current discount vs. 
peers, and 4) substantial negative marks on the balance sheet if values of its 
holdings drops sharply. Additional downside risks are: loss of key personnel, a 
deterioration in investment performance, unfavorable regulatory legislation, a 
change in tax laws creating higher taxation on carried interest and/or the 
partnership structure, increasing competition from traditional asset managers 
diversifying into alternatives, and inability to broaden the investor share base if 
as holding partnership units can be prohibitive for some investment funds. 
Upside risks are 1) much stronger DE than expected if KKR leverages its 
investment ideas effectively in balance sheet investments and 2) investors 
awarding KKR a much higher PE if balance sheet risks are perceived as low. 
Page 58 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109825 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256009 
EFTA01452656

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452657.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Company summary 
KKR & Co. (KKR) is a global alternative asset management firm. The company's 
businesses offer a broad range of investment management services to 
institutional fund investors. KKR operates in 3 segments, Private Markets. 
Public Markets, and Capital Markets. The Private Markets segment involves 
investing institutional capital in private equity and other investments, while the 
Public Markets segment manages largely liquid investments through a variety 
of strategies. The Capital Markets segment operates the firm's balance sheet 
investments and provides capital markets services to its portfolio companies 
and third parties. 
Founded in 1976 by Co-CEOs Henry Kravis & George Roberts, along with 
Jerome Kohlberg, KKR is a pioneer of the modern private equity firm, starting 
out as a leveraged buyout shop that grew into core private equity. From an 
investing perspective, we see KKR's core philosophy as a more traditional 
fundamental equity investor, with a focus on deep industry knowledge. but 
willing to make very concentrated bets with an attempt to leverage high 
conviction ideas to a greater extent than peers. This has permeated the firm's 
culture from the start and continues today. most recently exemplified by its 
balance sheet growth strategy), which is differentiated from peers. 
With more concentrated positions and its balance sheet strategy, we view KKR 
risk profile as the highest among these five Alts. Although we see the merits of 
the strategy - investing to a greater extent alongside its LPs, enabling flexibility 
to deploy capital more nimbly, and levering its investment acumen into 
stronger potential earnings (while also improving consistency of a recurring 
distribution), the greater balance sheet size is likely to drive considerably more 
earnings volatility and restrain KKR's P/E to levels below peers. That said, we 
view the valuation debate as the most controversial in this stock within the 
group, with good arguments on both sides. Also, like peers, KKR is diversifying 
into more fee-based business that may enable a steadier DE profile over the 
longer-term, albeit with a more volatile ENI profile. Overall, we do not see a 
significant positive valuation catalyst currently, especially with the recent 
market sell-off, and the higher risk profile drives our Hold rating for now. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 59 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109826 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256010 
EFTA01452657

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452658.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers, Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Key Operating Metrics 
iFigure 5 i. F.KI9 Firm-wide '.ey Operating Metrics Forecasts 
INCOME SEAT U ENE 
--- Wf 
101$ 
2013 
3013 
4013E-
Wig' 
10143 
20146 
3014E 
401JE 
2014E 
2115E 
20I6E 
KEY METRICS 
&talc: 
Etfec% e tat me cn El 
4.6% 
31% 
93% 
19% 
4.0% 
aen 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
4,0% 
40% 
806 vent. pet on(' 
$987 
3989 
39.85 
11007 
310 20 
310.20 
310 33 
$1045 
$1066 
31067 
$10.67 
310 78 
11092 
1064sO tto:4( vdte per um( 
Ds? tkr" per UN 
1124 
27 
3043 
3023 
IOW 
31.32 
37 
3039 
3040 
3044 
$1.58 
11.75 
3183 
Ets70.0on piescut moo 
601% 
661% 
767% 
656% 
565% 
isse% 
799% 
811% 
785% 
795% 
797% 
643% 
63.4% 
Profit* bully: 
ECcraic rtt =acne (ENi per ung 
3290 
9385 
10.18 
$014 
96 
12.67 
56 
3053 
3059 
3006 
S2 33 
$233 
3232 
Dsa bd.". Cornngs (CE)per 'all 
3206 
3041 
30.66 
3036 
1068 
12.01 
3046 
3048 
3060 
1056 
31.99 
3209 
3219 
Fee-rat" teenngs Into per unt 
3031 
3010 
30.12 
3013 
10 
$0.4* 
30.13 
3015 
13 
34117 
93.58 
1061 
9363 
EBITCA 
15237 
3019 
4338 
2634 
1367 
1.672.8 
363.1 
374 2 
3950 
Q85 
1.5015 
111305 
1.702.4 
FR2(0.901 
319.6 
68.0 
962 
1060 
968 
309.0 
1122 
1210 
1093 
1394 
480.7 
4996 
5124 
FRE moron (0643 i 
36.8% 
398% 
4154 
366% 
363% 
316% 
39.5% 
406% 
335% 
412% 
400% 
398% 
39.4% 
Eccnomc income niter oretax) 
63.3% 
67.4% 
468% 
664% 
83.8% 
636% 
60.1% 
53.7% 
56.2% 
664% 
662% 
576% 
54.0% 
ease Carp redo 
33.1% 
34.0% 
340% 
336% 
350% 
34.1% 
37.1% 
375% 
37.8% 
372% 
374% 
378% 
37.4% 
hcenIke carp rello 
40,6% 
40.4% 
39.1% 
466% 
400% 
402% 
40.0% 
400% 
40.0% 
40.0% 
400% 
400% 
366% 
roblcanUr.tp 
29.6%. 
26.4% 
354% 
262% 
267% 
220% 
31.2% 
371% 
352% 
359% 
352% 
325% 
30.3% 
Balance Sheet 
EC0456-% 
7997 
8120 
6.169 
8.615 
8.0:47 
5.60) 
8686 
8.773 
8.801 
6949 
8.949 
ACO9 
9.129 
EC° tangtre Ane
EOP tong-tent C40: 
000 
1.070 
1.000 
1.030 
1.010 
1.010 
1.020 
1.030 
1.041 
1.061 
1.051 
1.022 
1.072 
EC° 65.ity (Par6ets' OS r7i r 
6.957 
7,068 
6299 
7.208 
7.2130 
7.280 
7.363 
7.426 
7.503 
7.575 
7.575 
7,661 
7.726 
EC01aogt.t Equcy 
esso rter tn1 
32.19 
6281 
1279 
$2615 
92.69 
32.69 
72 
9276 
3278 
$281 
328t 
1284 
12203 
0"171111T" 
03X 
086 
De< 
09f 
09‘" 
05x 
074 
074 
07a 
Ott 
076 
0.1% 
EQ.ossAssots 
094 
OH. 
036 
05. 
0.81 
0.8x 
086 
011. 
081 
084 
0Bz 
0.86 
016 
Return on 8042 I ROE1 
0.0% 
353% 
75% 
339% 
377% 
00% 
22.1% 
20.5% 
224% 
241% 
21.9% 
21.6% 
21.3% 
Retum on Ten9be 0346(6075) 
Key Finds mental DrIstr4 
A‘ " 17 Irda 1.717 (AoMi 
75.528 
78253 
83501 
90.169 
91261 
92881 
93.503 
95.365 
96.551 
97.792 
97.792 
101,743 
106.418 
Repoyno ALAI ( "%MIA 
50.846 
02464 
57.955 
73.612 
75.967 
75957 
78.396 
00.907 
så.208 
85582 
85582 
89.137 
91182 
Netlitsts MAIN 
(13) 
4978 
4349 
1,612 
10.833 
1542 
1.585 
1,005 
1.038 
6.176 
5755 
3,472 
4w1A agent StOir 01 Ma (60944760 
' 
0.0% 
4).1% 
255% 
207% 
7% ' 
142% 
6.8% 
6.8% 
42% 
43% 
56% 
36% 
3.4% 
Net law 4 lo FP4o31 
8,510 
1.116 
6058 
6.193 
2203 
14,574 
2279 
2.352 
2.140 
2.335 
1975 
3,314 
2547 
1:6141.14<sanic 6046 rate (amoebic.* 
' 
18.3% 
7." 
339% 
303% 
12.2% 
12.0% 
106% 
106% 
11.6% 
4.0% 
29% 
Avg Iken let rate On FPAuAl 
0.87% 
1.01% 
101% 
097% 
097% 
0.99% 
ate% 
0.99% 
cite% 
ow% 
094% 
0.96% 
097% 
Comm" "anal (up" «ploy") 
3,811 
763 
1.685 
2132 
3.011 
7,591 
21164 
2231 
1,616 
1,818 
1352 
3,669 
3.145 
Chas reeketkns 
9.587 
1.960 
2924 
1954 
2907 
9,754 
3.045 
3.094 
3.763 
3.791 
13693 
16.517 
Pan 
kiritated crater lay ira• ~I 
16.072 
16207 
21,364 
22.718 
22321 
22321 
21,516 
21.404 
22070 
22648 
22644 
813 
27,520 
Mum Cove, ~al 
0•41•016 BIM 
Pago 60 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109827 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256011 
EFTA01452658

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452659.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
[Figure 53: KKR Public Markets Segment Income Statement Forecasts 
INCOME STATEN BC 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4015E 
2013( 
1014E 
2014! 
3014E 
1014! 
For 101010101: 
ebnep»BM illtellthe See 
lAsnagentml lees 
1052 
454 
495 
538 
559 
205 5 
584 
589 
617 
643 
ecaWe tea 
438 
166 
166 
121 
47.6 
192 
ti2 0 
Tool owl s rcce.e toes 
' 
1490 
662 
661 
561 
650 ' 
2533 
626 
781 
664 
1063 
Mentang 60Yu4Won 190f 
lkonorhg less 
• 
• 
Trantecbto reel 
145 
205 
32.4 
roe credit 
184) 
(211 
(52) 
(1521 
106) 
(23 21 
105) 
105) 
1061 
(05 
Total crooking/ Invisaclato las 
9.1 
f0 
'0 
Total In tovonoa 
1512 
as 
VT 
OA 
817 
202.5 
636 
Ttl 
MA 
107.3 
In
n income (ID*: 
Wad COMM Interosl 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Unreaiza0 cured rarest 
392 
204 
108 
140 
285 
737 
166 
136 
11.4 
Tow Gots owned oases, 
392 
204 
108 
140 
5 
737 
15.6 
13.6 
114 
011ta ovesarant awe 
i 0 0) 
(1 I 
1001' 
01' 
O1' 
01' 
Total Invootmori Income (Iowa) 
311 
215 
MI 
140 
214 
738 
15.7 
13.7 
11.6 
Total Revenue 
194.3 
917 
Mt 
744 
17.3 
3313 
742 
027 
60.6 
110.4 
norm Total Revolts net Owned SINN COTO 90 
1786 
786 
736 
SS 8 
859 
3368 
760 
893 
774 
1128 
E=ars 
Carrxd Acres! coup =Prime 
Alamo to ix
 pool 
167 
114 
295 
152 
abnagerml Ice refunds 
. 
. 
- 
00) 
1201 
(101 
-
1015 cum moors* M
 coma, ti ll C11/914 
157 
114 
295 
Con/004(16to 4 tanitflet 
507 
197 
220 
186 
336 
80.9 
254 
31.6 
278 
429 
Ottuperoy and Waled Chinn 
1S 
1.9 
Ono owning =pews 
18.4 
7.6 
197 
148 
514 
11,1 
101 
102 
112 
Total Boa ono 
as 
37.2 
37.1 
44.41 
497 
lap 
41.4 
47.6 
43.6 
$99 
Term Tow Coarsen expenses (ex wry-rowed Sep 
7 
291 
728 
402 
374 
1334 
384 
440 
399 
563 
Moms (loss) atirOulaDO to noncroicang rooms 
0.5 
0.6 
0.5 
Pretax Segment &onusk Mel Income (DI) 
10111 
40.1 
416 
20A 
410 
105.0 
31.1 
441 
270 
56.0 
Sane Cowry retrontaTT Oman* 64at 
2014E 
2015E 
2010( 
241 4 
2994 
349 9 
740 
822 
972 
315 4 
381 6 
4472 
I5 
120) 
51 
10.51 
$114 
MI 
4412 
495 
415 
311 
495 
41.5 
312 
4 • 
i0 
as 
423 
31.7 
303 
425.1 
470.0 
355 5 
4065 
479 7 
198 
166 
180) 
- 
-
138 
166 
1277 
1530 
179 3 
430 
473 
520 
1924 
226.5 
241.0 
MG 
2W0 
2405 
2-0 
1741 
1,7.5 
231111 
Page 62 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109829 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256013 
EFTA01452659

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452660.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Rating 
Company 
Buy 
Oaktree Capital 
Research Analyst 
North 
C0 
Group 
United States 
Price at 24 Jan 7014 
58.98 
(USD) 
Puce rarest 
68.00 
Brokers, Asset 
CAKR 
OAK US 
52-week range 
60.95 - 46.75 
Managers & Exchanges 
,Price/pme 
.t' 
Conservative credit manager still 
under-appreciated; initiate at Buy 
Initiating coverage of OAK with a Buy Rating and $68 PT 
We see the following positive catalysts for OAK units over the next 12 months: 
1) an acceleration in AuM growth after stagnant AuM over much of the past 3 
years as the giant financial-crisis era Vllb fund nears the end of its distribution 
period, 2) strong organic growth across a variety products, from new and also 
more-traditional strategies, 3) reasonable growth in DE after modest re-basing 
drop in 2014 post Vllb realization cycle, helped by high accrued incentive 
balance, and 4) greater investor appreciation for OAK's lower risk profile 
emanating from its conservative investment strategy (with a heavy mix of yield 
stabilizing investment returns). With OAK trading at a premium valuation to 
peers (consistent with its more-asset-manger-like business mix), our thesis is 
more reliant on earnings growth than revaluation, but we also see good 
risk/return w/OAK outperforming in a correction scenario. 
Earnings outlook 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts. rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. We forecast OAK's DE per unit 
to drop from $5.70 in 2013 to $5.14 in 2014E and grow again to $5.40 in 
2015E. Key drivers are: I) a re-basing of incentive fees (though still at a good 
pace) after Fund Vllb distributions wane, partially offset by 2) continued strong 
AuM organic growth bolstering longer-term DE capacity. 
\le-Mid ton & it;sls 
We think the catalysts outlined above will slightly improve OAK' PIE from 
12.3x 2014E ENI to 12-13x 2015 DE 12 months from now, narrowing its 
discount to the S&P 500 PIE from -20% to -15%. This drives a $68 PT, which 
implies a total return of 22% over the next 12 months, inclusive of a 6.4% 
forecast distribution yield for 2014. Downside risks for OAK are: 1) a 
slowdown in US/global economy. 2) any emergence of a severe credit cycle 
that could temporarily depress OAK AuM, & 3) an inability to generate strong 
organic growth in 2014 that would jeopardize long-term growth in DE. 
Page 64 
012 
10112 
4/13 
10/13 
—ceeteeCiereleetu 
9O21:001/10CCenetate 
Performance 1%) 
1m 
3m 
12m 
Absolute 
5.7 
5.9 
28.3 
S&P 500 INDEX 
0.0 
4.7 
22.3 
Sow* nano. Bat 
0. .20:inr, I .1. 
at. 
Market Cap (USO) 
1.888 71 
Shares outstanding (ml 
150.86 
Free float 1%) 
Volume (23 Jan 2014) 
47,449 
Option volume fund. shrs.. 1M 
avg.) 
Jane DoelK :he Sent 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109831 
SDNY_GM_00256015 
EFTA01452660

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452661.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Assot Manager Initiation 
Investment Thesis 
Outlook 
Buy-rated Oaktree is a leading credit-focused alternative asset manager, with a 
contrarian and value-driven investment style that has delivered attractive risk-
adjusted returns over time and enabled strong fundraising. We see the 
following positive catalysts for OAK units over the next 12 months: 1) an 
acceleration in AuM growth after stagnant AuM over much of the past 3 years 
as the giant financial-crisis era VIlb fund nears the end of its distribution 
period, 2) strong organic growth across a variety products, from new and also 
more-traditional strategies, 3) reasonable growth in DE after modest re-basing 
drop in 2014 post VIlb realization cycle, helped by high accrued incentive 
balance, and 4) greater investor appreciation for OAK's lower risk profile 
emanating from its conservative investment strategy (with a heavy mix of yield 
stabilizing investment returns). With OAK trading at a premium valuation to 
peers (consistent with its more-asset-manger-like business mix), our thesis is 
more reliant on earnings growth than revaluation, but we also see good 
risk/return w/OAK outperforming in a correction scenario. 
Valuation 
We believe DE, from which cash distributions are paid to unit holders, is the 
most important earnings metric to value the Alts, rather than economic net 
income (ENI) that forms Consensus estimates. Our valuation is based on 
assigning a target PE on our 2015 estimate for distributable earnings, a year 
from now. We think the catalysts outlined above will slightly improve OAK' P/E 
from 12.3x 2014E ENI to 12-13x 2015 DE 12 months from now, narrowing its 
discount to the S&P 500 P/E from -20% to -15%. This drives a $68 PT, which 
implies a total return of 22% over the next 12 months, inclusive of a 6.4% 
forecast distribution yield for 2014. . 
ft sks 
Downside risks for OAK are: 1) a slowdown in US/global economy, 2) any 
emergence of a severe credit cycle that could temporarily depress OAK AuM, 
& 3) an inability to generate strong organic growth in 2014 that would 
jeopardize long-term growth in DE. Additional downside risks are: loss of key 
personnel, a deterioration in investment performance, unfavorable regulatory 
legislation, a change in tax laws creating higher taxation on carried interest 
and/or the partnership structure, increasing competition from traditional asset 
managers diversifying into alternatives, and inability to broaden the investor 
share base if as holding partnership units can be prohibitive for some 
investment funds. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 65 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109832 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256016 
EFTA01452661

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452662.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Key Operating Metrics 
{Figure 55. OAK Finn-wide Key Operating Metrics Forecasts 
iNCOMESI'ATEMENT 
2012 
1013 
2013 
3013 
4013E 
201 
1014E 
2014E 
30144 
4014 
KEY METRICS 
Ease: 
Elf cave tax rx• On AN 
150% 
123% 
101% 
15% 
9.0% 
91% 
100% 
10.0% 
10.0% 
100% 
Beokva" pe unt 
$9243 
$1016 
$10439 
$1027 
$1039 
510 36 
51036 
$1046 
51055 
$1068 
Tangible bxkviaue ret unt 
59.28 
510.18 
51069 
510 27 
51030 
510.36 
$10.93 
5104 
51055 
51088 
CasUbubon per unt 
5284
51.41 
51 
$0 74 
$091 
$4.57 
$093 
50.95 
5093 
5097 
DetrbutOn "Smut ratO 
70" 
787% 
779% 
816% 
752% 
802% 
758% 
743% 
727% 
71.7% 
Profitability: 
Economc net neon (6" per um 
6575 
$207 
11 
5102 
5190 
6.00 
02 
51.12 
17 
512'0 
Ca9rOutat" Senn" (OD rat wit 
53.02 
51.79 
94 
5091 
$121 
6.70 
51.23 
5128 
51.25 
5135 
Fee-retied "mops (FRE1 per unit 
51.82 
$034 
5035 
5033 
5032 
34 
5036 
5042 
5048 
SO" 
ESTOA 
8169 
346 5 
362 0 
1934 
216.7 
1.0606 
217 7 
2200 
2160 
2224 
FÆ (9464e) 
507 
120 
127 
149 
130 
536 
153 
160 
202 
235 
FÆ moppet (p4414x) 
1% 
349% 
330% 
322% 
300% 
325% 
314% 
335% 
33.8% 
r" 
Econonc ncorro rrergn (pre") 
508% 
588% 
535% 
497% 
495% 
529% 
480% 
468% 
47% 
4.7% 
13.44 coup WO 
1% 
508% 
494% 
51.5% 
520% 
509% 
51.0% 
500% 
50.0% 
51.011 
hcenWe corro ntto 
483% 
398% 
381% 
402% 
400% 
393% 
400% 
40.0% 
400% 
400% 
Total corrp rate 
302% 
378% 
198% 
401% 
407% 
394% 
44% 
432% 
412% 
43" 
Balance Stint 
ECPAssets 
2360 
2.500 
21378 
2849 
2678 
2678 
2.740 
2.730 
2.757 
1785 
IMP Tengbb Assets 
2363 
2.930 
2678 
2649 
2678 
2678 
2.703 
2,730 
2757 
2.785 
ECPlong-terrn Debt 
615 
8» 
592 
9» 
588 
586 
586 
598 
586 
588 
eggigenty (Pears 4 01/444 
1394 
1.532 
1,014 
1,552 
1.562 
1562 
1550 
1,567 
1.560 
1.572 
EOP Tang bk. 5:44Y 
1.394 
1,532 
1,1314 
1,552 
1,562 
1.562 
1.550 
1,557 
1.933 
1,572 
Casts per unt 
1804 
54.58 
5136 
5202 
5205 
$2.6 
5208 
$211 
14 
5217 
0"14B11DA 
8:4 
04s 
044 
094 
07x' 
0h 
0.h 
he 
0h 
gouty/Asada 
581% 
613% 
93% 
6% 
534% 
58.a% 
574% 
570% 
567% 
58.4% 
Ramm an Ecemty (RIX> 
8% 
201% 
170% 
112% 
116% 
589% 
101% 
102% 
100% 
10.3% 
Return on Tang" &way more 
438% 
201% 
170% 
112% 
116% 
559% 
101% 
102% 
100% 
10.3% 
KeyFundamental Driven. 
An" uncle 16prt (A" 
77,051 
78001 
784C0 
79816, 
03,072 
89072 
44670 
46849 
87.088 
811.887 
"nay" 
AuM(FPAu14 
66.784 
95,350 
84,814 
95,947 
08.837 
08697 
74,209 
74814 
75.458 
7(1.1187 
Nelfron to MIA 
(8147) 
11.8324 
(4.064)
1,032 
(4893) 
(113) 
(5851 
(550) 
AuM «game growth rate (unpaired) 
.5 2% 
-98% 
-207% 
54% 
01%'
413% 
-06% 
47% 
-25% 
0.0% 
Nat Ibt" to "ALAI 
1.045 
974 
801 
1975 
1291 
5041 
1.237 
785 
800 
1,355 
FPAu/Aotganic poem rate (snuslest) 
16% 
59% 
48% 
121% 
7.7% 
7.5% 
73% 
4.2% 
42% 
7,1% 
Avg. Riot tee rate on rPALM 
107% 
1.05% 
1,04% 
1.03% 
107% 
107% 
109% 
1.10% 
1.09% 
108% 
Caflad 6Wø ("Peal 44447440 
6.456 
1,218 
934 
308 
930 
4411 
500 
500 
500 
500 
G(066 1466281(0(141 
12733 
3,195 
4.728 
1,915 
1,500 
338 
2.000 
2.603 
2.403 
2.030 
Urcaled cap" (dry pen Oro 
201 
11,198 
10,986 
12,344 
12594 
125(14 
12.844 
13,094 
13,544 
13.594 
Sow. Cenparry Øa and D(~/ Bne 
2014E 
2019E 
2016E 
100% 
10." 
100% 
51059 
$1148 
51248 
51059 
511.48 
512 48 
5178 
$596 
$418 
735% 
738% 
721% 
$451 
70 
5496 
5514 
5540 
$580 
51.70 
82 
$197 
8761 
9236 
971 4 
746 
818 
600 
328% 
3376 
342% 
465% 
469% 
473% 
505% 
48.0% 
480% 
400% 
400% 
40.0% 
414% 
426% 
420% 
2.785 
2812 
2.840 
2,785 
2812 
2840 
588 
586 
588 
1,572 
1,689 
1,820 
1.572 
1.630 
1.820 
16 
5220 
24 
Oh 
044 
064 
564% 
601% 
641% 
403% 
491% 
4376 
403% 
" 1% 
4.7% 
88.667 
94,849 
101,930 
79680 
"058 
60.539 
(1,224) 
(11130) 
(561) 
.1.5% 
-13% 
-06% 
4,176 
4.02D 
038 
&I% 
52% 
56% 
106% 
1.07% 
1.04% 
3,OOD 
2000 
20:0 
8070 
8,000 
7,997 
934 
274 
11594 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 67 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109834 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256018 
EFTA01452662

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452663.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst about the 
subject issuers and the securities of those issuers. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst has not and will not receive 
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Brian Bedell 
Historical recommendations end target price: The Blackstone Group (BX N) 
(as of 1/27/2014) 
00 
00 
00 
E 20 03 
lso 
--Nr'" 2\a,
03 
500 
000 
Jul 12 
Oct 12 
Ja 12 
Art 12 
Api 13 
Jul 13 
Oct 13 
Previous Recommendations 
Strong Buy 
Buy 
Market Perform 
Underperform 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
Current Recommendations 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
'New Recommendation Structure 
as of September 9.2002 
I. 
02/01/2012: 
Upgrade to Buy. Target Price Change USD19.00 
3. 
07/13/2012: 
Buy. Target Price Change USD16.00 
2. 
04/20/2012: 
Buy. Target Price Change USD17.00 
4. 
08/03/2012: 
No Recommendation, Target Price Change USD0.00 
Historical recommendations and target price: Apollo Global Management (APO.N) 
(as of 1/27/2014) 
00 
35.00 
00 
25 03 
20 00 
co 15 00 
00 
500 
000 
Art 12 
JO 12 
Oct 12 
avni 
Aix 13 
Jul 13 
Oct 13 
Ja 12 
I 
07/13/2012: 
Buy. Target Price Change USD16.00 
Previous Recommendations 
Strong Buy 
Buy 
Market Perform 
Underperform 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
Current Recommendations 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
'Now Recommendation Structure 
as of September 9.2002 
2. 
08/03/2012: 
No Recommendation. Target Price Change USD0.00 
Pago 70 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109837 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256021 
EFTA01452663

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452664.pdf
----------------------------------------
January 2014 
Brokers. Asset Managers & Exchanges 
Alternative Asset Manager Initiation 
!Historical recommendations and target price: Oaktree Capital Group (OAK.N) 
(as of 1/27/2014) 
00 
6000 
00 
00 
B 3000 
• 
CO 
00 
00 
000 
AJ‘l\eLJ.,:f 
Apr 12 
Jul 12 
Oct 12 
Jan 13 DateApr 13 
J,J 13 
00113 
Jan 14 
Previous Recommendations 
Strong Buy 
Buy 
Market Perform 
Underperform 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
Current Recommendations 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
'New Recommendation Structure 
as of September 9.2002 
I 
05/22/2012: 
Upgrade to Hold. Target Price Change USD42.00 
2. 
08/03/2012: 
No Recommendation, Target Price Change USD0.00 
Equity rating t 
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total 
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in 
share price from current price to projected target price 
plus pro-jected dividend yield ) , we recommend that 
investors buy the stock. 
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the 
stock 
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months 
out and, based on this time horizon, do not 
recommend either a Buy or Sell. 
Notes: 
1. Newly issued research recommendations and 
target prices always supersede previously published 
research. 
2. Ratings definitions prior to 27 January, 2007 were: 
Buy: Expected total return (including dividends) 
of 10% or more over a 12-month period 
Hold: 
Expected 
total 
return 
(including 
dividends) between -10% and 10% over a 12-
month period 
Sell: Expected total return (including dividends) 
of -10% or worse over a 12-month period 
Page 72 
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships 
0:0 
a 
27D 
11:0 
13%
. L.
43% 
2943% 
au 
Hit 
So 
SOrronsCnocd am WEtrionalitiocratip 
NddiAmsrisonUioras 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109839 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256023 
EFTA01452664

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452665.pdf
----------------------------------------
David Fo!keit-Landau 
Group Chief Economist 
Member of the Group Executive Committee 
Guy Ashton 
Global Chief Operating Officer 
Rosearch 
Michael Spencer 
Regional Head 
Asia Pacific Research 
International locations 
PoutsUm Bank AO 
Deutsche Sank Place 
Level 16 
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets 
Sydney. NSW 2000 
Australia 
Doutoc he Bank AC lotukrn 
I Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2E0 
United Kingdom 
Global Disclaimer 
Marcel Cassard 
Global Head 
FICC Rosoarch & Global Macro Economics 
Ralf Hoffmann 
Regional Head 
Deutsche Bank Research, Germany 
Deuive,he Bank AG 
Groat Gallusstralae 1014 
60272 Frankfurt em Main 
Germany 
NMI/A/10 Ban. SS:Lases kx. 
Wall Street 
New York. NY 10005 
United States of America 
Richard Smith and Steve Pollard 
Co-Global Heads 
Equity Research 
Andreas Neubauer 
Regional Head 
Equity Research. Ger many 
;Carr:fit,' itiort 
Filial° Hongkong 
International Commerce Centre, 
I Austin Road Wost.Koudoco, 
Hot 
K 
Steve Pollard 
Regional Head 
Americas Rosearch 
2-I 
Nagatacho 
Sanno Park Tower 
Chiyoda-ku. Tokyo 1006171 
Japan 
The Hortnalm and opriOns in ths roman were prepared by Deutsche Perk AG woe 0/ its ruins kotlecilere tortathe Bank 
The rnformaton hen a tremed to be rehab. end nal been obtains him ride 
sore breed to be slob* Dersch•Sank maws no spresenteben es to Me accuracy of completer...sof sr/. mformatron 
Deutsche Beek sty *nor in securer meow ono On • pernetary We Or Ot terie. 
mann& here mem err the view :token in Inc eerier,  tern In addition, Oren Welk Dtrehe uric nOwilog 
preterits and sales slat/. maytµe a caw rat • nconstem wer that taken err the research sped 
Opnces mums.' end prop:awn n the newt Conferee the runes ;wagers. of Vie furor ante the dale 01 Or report They do not nerf assn. sheet the op ne.vn of Deutsche Bank end are sober to direr 
without Fere Deutsche Bank has no rawer 
to update. merle or timer the rep.w or to other/Me rote • redoes thereof in re event that any opens lormem or estimate me tont, herds chimes of 
siubserritte becomes reunite Fern anti evaitabrilty of frwciar estriernis we Ater to <Net* th•owni or ice The err 
* Pored Ne romecceill Wises% or. it is rot an offer ore Waren  te en
oilier 10 bw or sat my renal estretine Onto prin<Cele Inane parmoiar Parr strategy Tarp. VC*" Se einarernt impreCes and a peeler of re *SW ;Sperms 
As
 of Deutsche Bana4 March 2010 ecouseron of Bati.Bank AG. a scurry may be cmerred to mire than Me anahrst wise the Deutsche Berk drip Each Of these artists dab the direr 
mrshereire 
ti) vale the semi my an a remit the retimmeeditens Ms One ae4 Me pre teepees ale atirmiles at tact, may very wet* 
in Assn 2013, Deutsche Bank retried • new polo whereby *ripest' mayChoose not to se of mar ruin Wye Matt OI certbn issuers under coarege *AM a Noy rare In 1.40Kulat to  nil MISSY c<cv' for 
'How' sled stocks harp a mantel cap rune, than most otter compare et its sector or moron We Woes Mat itch pallor ma Slaw se to rube best use of out resources Please rot our sinabsna at 
Ittpl.VM CID corn to Serino he SDP pnCe Of Wry rock 
The f err
, tristrumtets dooms, in ins roan envy rot he sombre Ice all investors are eicerilOrs meal make runt own Someed inrestmes deferrers Sugar tram-StrOns Can bad to tones as a result cr Ina 
Artualyes are Other firer 
n e tiftwiral Instrtentre is deferrer 
e a (Nitrify Orr Man an imesicite riflery. a cheep. A erehrde niter may arena few in* Instanter Past OS Pomo.* b rat 
referee indtheve 01 future Smits DMIShe Sent may we, rnpecl to scan ty Creed by Ohs err. 
see 10 Or boy Ire retiree On 0 petrel baps. Old COnstrir TO reirn in *err 
trade On 
PrOpreany bash 
Gent dreier 
low morose Phew.e, ell aran4SCISS MMIdharaktCated Cheryl the Porde Bank entry h the insahars tree trodden In the Lf S [Ns reel a approval robe Catered be Deutsche 
Bank SeCtropes Inc, a ineirter Of he NYSE the NASD. NIA and DK In Germany this capon n moms] arttrof communated by Nuts/. Bank AG Franalun authrized by me Balm In the Wiled K ogdorn Vas 
nitpOrt Is apperied rider CominunCeleS by Dettache Bark AG LOrer. a member 01 V4 tOrrOon Stock brier, 
and regular, byre Freer Conduct Merry lOn Te cordedY rorestmart busmen In The UR 
end mthased by the Bann the report s cistnbuted in Rang Kong by Deutsche Bank AA trice. Kong &tech. in Korea by NNW. Senn.. Kowa CO The soon s eleCnbuted in Sr wasp< be Dortsche Bonk AG. 
ScospOS Bee-<h of Deutsche Sectrilcs Asia tented. SrgapOre Berri One Raffles Gray •19 03 South Tony Scissor* f.95.33. 
6423 8001). And WSW*" in Sous's, of the report are to corral Deplete 
Bank ACt Scissor* bench of Deutsche Securer Asia Ltented, Stvessie Branch n respect* rr. metros *meg hem or in confroirmealh. Pr inert Why* Ihy report n sass or marniggates n Srgepareao • 
hereon WV 4 Mat an Erred 
every expel erne 
Or Mater 
malt. In MSS/ in Me applelre Scorer, awn end rociArtenr Dever* Bank AG, Seders ewes or Dessau Sewn*, As. 
Lintel Singapore Branch /errs sager responsibilly to suds person for the Orrin o the neon kn Japan Ts resort is approireci eery 01W.tryleS by Dessau. Stoney Inc The ironer on <omens] n vs 
noon dam not constmo• the Ortrepon N tnestree *d or 
In Artie, 
rest Menu shOuld reel a (Coy 01 a Pelee Corer. 
Statement IPDSI Waling tO any I ininCY1 piodua referee to a thy report and 
Cored.' the PDS tOrOft making any one en about where to actirre The product Deutsche Us AG Johamestsg as seorporatad n tile Federal Fevre: of Germary1BranS Reciblea Number in South Al Me 
19fM0032gB/101 AMU/an rforniatitin relieve to secure& oimer hien:v.1 orrice or *sus *erre 
In the report a • r nol4bie seri egret The then ivy not be Nipedurd, rarefied Or pugShad Of it". 
Penns 
env pampas wined! Deana. 0ank's mot writer comes Pease Cr., source whm scoffs 
Cootie 
C 2Obt DestiChoBank AG 
GRCM2014PROD031304 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109841 
SDNY_GM_00256025 
EFTA01452665

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452666.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Valuations System 
Sent: 
2/20/2014 6:20:35 PM 
To: 
HARRYBELLER@GMAILCOM; JABWCPA@GMAIL COM; Amanda Kirby 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cothron 
Paul Morris 
Tazia 
Smith 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RC as at 20 Feb 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140220_20140221_1.pdf; 182298_20140220_20140221_1.csv 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140220_20140221_1 
53940765 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109842 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256026 
EFTA01452666

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452667.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dsubchs Bark AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LW 
20Feb 2014 
Paps 2 Of 2 
lakS5 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Settlement 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Amt 2 
Not.Ccy 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
366364436! 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-Nay-2013 
2041w2014 
25-11882014 
(LOCO 030 Cr.); 
USD 
101.000000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
:4,.] 2'..ii 24! 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3663644' 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21.Not.2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.00080) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUICPEAN 
0.0000 
1387495 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
111.Ct.X.I CO) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
12.01829 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHER! 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(21.030 MI 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1033827 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.01 X000) 
USD 
I100300D 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRODEAN 
CALL 
1.1003 
I.' 48 284 a)i 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr•2014 
21-Apr-2014 
110.003C(000J 
USD 
11.300.003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
26.40463 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHER1 
FX OPTION 
31-.18n-2014 
01.May-2014 
07.May-2014 
00600000 CO) 
USD 
1,025,000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EURCPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
r.47 sw.ds...1) 
745230011 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(273.46911; 
latat 
Statement ID : 18229820140220 20140221 1 
(273,48911) 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109844 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256028 
EFTA01452667

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452668.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/21/2014 2:33:08 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140221 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/20/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,882,717.20 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
219,170.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,193.99 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
181,258.17 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
173,941.52 
NES, LLC 
D 
276,217.27 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,975,184.27 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/20/14 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
ACCT N 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
500,000.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109846 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256030 
EFTA01452668

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452669.pdf
----------------------------------------
 Original Messa e  
» 
• From: Lesley Groff 
• Sent: 02/20/2014 OS: 
» To: Tazia Smith 
» Subject: 11am Jeffrey Epstein tomorrow 
» 
• Hi Tazia. Tomorrow at 11am looks good for you to come see Jeffrey. His address: 
» 
• 9 East 71t street between 5th and Madison 
» 
• see you then! 
» Lesley 
» sent from my iPhone 
» 
• This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
» /f you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
» in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
» communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
» material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
» 
• Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
» contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
> This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
> If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
> in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
> communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
> material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
> 
• Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
> contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109848 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256032 
EFTA01452669

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452670.pdf
----------------------------------------
 Original Mess 
» 
• From: Lesley Groff 
] 
» Sent: 02/20/2014 05: 
PM EST 
» To: Tazia Smith 
» Subject: 11am Jeffrey Epstein tomorrow 
» 
• Hi Tazia. Tomorrow at 11am looks good for you to come see Jeffrey. HiS address: 
» 
• 9 East 71t street between 5th and Madison 
» 
• see you then! 
» Lesley 
» sent from my iPhone 
» 
• This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
» /f you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
» in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
» communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
» material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
» 
• Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
» contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
> This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
> If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
> in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
> communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
> material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
> 
• Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
> contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109850 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256034 
EFTA01452670

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452671.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Valuations System 
Sent: 
2/21/2014 5:07:07 PM 
;  
To: 
HARRYBELLE 
• JABWCP 
Joseph Cothron 
; Amanda Kirby I 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith I 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC as at 21 Feb 2014 • Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140221_20140224_1.pdf; 182298_20140221_20140224_1.csv 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Bank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140221_20140224_1 
54006050 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109851 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256035 
EFTA01452671

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452672.pdf
----------------------------------------
Li
imaL7- 7::77e-7,77-74 
Deutsche Bank AG 
For Sales Inquiries Contact 
Tazia Smith (Tei
'Email) 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
a 
To: 
Jabwc a Gmail (Email) 
arrybeller Gmail (Email) 
.Gedeon Pinedo (Email) 
ahe Stepanian (Email) 
QMitil 
n., 
.rid' 
Idevrir /Grand) 
Fx Rates: 
USD/EUR = .7275637528 
Fib 2014 
Par 1 Of 2 
Joseph Cothron (Email) 
Note:-All Values are shown from the DB Group's point of view. A negative Value therefore expresses an amount which is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in 09 Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
Deutsche Bank Group ("DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instrument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model prices, external sources, market prices and/or 06's internal books and records prices. Valuations may be adjusted to take into account market, liquidity. credit. 
operational or other risks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally 
always decline over time, as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including those containing Premium Adjustments, may not 
represent the terms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with DB. DB may change its valuation methodology and the related 
adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different assumptions or calculated using other 
methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. My subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuation. This difference can be less favourable to 
you, and due to the volatility of market conditions. the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors. the differential could be substantial. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in calculating or disseminating valuations, or 
for any inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies, adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that are either used or relied upon by you or any 
other party for any reason including, without limitation, your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109852 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256036 
EFTA01452672

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452673.pdf
----------------------------------------
irsr 
... 
7,47:a..:7 1-7"..
:.i..INTRIMPRINF 
SOUTHERN
Paps 
r .. 
Feb2014 
Of 2 
Dadochs !MACAO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Rt;00los 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
366364436' 
SOUTHERN 
FX OPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
2611ov2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(LOCO 900 cr.); 
USD 
101.030.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
:41 ireJa en 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364438/' 
SOUTHER! 
FXOPTION 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUICPEAN 
0.0000 
13.12624 
710423461 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
36i6364438/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
21.Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
111.CtXt 001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
11.316 76 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHER! 
EXOPTION 
21-Nov.2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25-Nov.2014 
(21930 001 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0000 
9,69215 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10,01 X000) 
USD 
11.003,00000 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCKAN 
CALL 
1.100D 
(182. 
52) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
17-Jan-2014 
17-44%2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.000,000 00) 
USD 
11.300.003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
36.37638 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOPTION 
31-Jan-2014 
01.May.2014 
07.May.2014 
(10.000.00000) 
USD 
1025.000.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
;152.639 2,0 
745230011 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(316 259 10! 
Isiat 
(316,259.10) 
Statement ID : 182298_20140221_20140224_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109853 
SDNY_GM_00256037 
EFTA01452673

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452674.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/21/2014 5:15:22 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Subject: 
[C] 
Classification: Confidential 
i'll circle back with u next week, regarding lb accounts we r trying to move 
this forward on our end and have given the document request list to them 
couple times now but i'll send u separate email monday if we don't get 
anything. 
take a look at the rmbs quotes as well, I just don't know how 
active we are and perhaps paul just provided the bloomberg levels we sent 
over, we talk frequently, anyway nobody would ever try to PO you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109855 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256039 
EFTA01452674

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452675.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/22/2014 2:23:23 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140222 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/21/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,882,717.20 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
219,170.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,193.99 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
173,270.45 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
173,941.52 
NES, LLC 
D 
276,217.27 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,975,184.27 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109856 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256040 
EFTA01452675

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452676.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
2/24/2014 12:12:25 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris I 
Subject: 
Case tt 01195111: has been assigned to you. 
O44 NEW CASE ASSIGNMENT NOTIFICATION 4" 
The following case has been assigned to you. 
Customer Name: Hyperion Air, LLC 
Contact Name: Hyperion Air, LLC 
Case #: 01195111 
Type: 
Case Subject: KYC Annual Call Note 
Description: 
click on the link to access the case: https://na4.salesforce.com/5006000000KGIEp 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109857 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256041 
EFTA01452676

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452677.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
2/24/201412:2
To: 
Paul Morris
Subject: 
Case 
: has been assigned to you. 
" 
NEW CASE ASSIGNMENT NOTIFICATION fO6
The following case has been assigned to you. 
Customer Name: Jeepers, Inc 
contact Name: lee ers, Inc 
case #: 
Type: 
Case Subject: KYC Annual Call Note 
Description: 
click on the link to access the case: https://na4.salesforce.com/5006000000KGIB8 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109858 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256042 
EFTA01452677

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452678.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
2/24/2014 12:29:43 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Case # 01195147: has been assigned to you. 
*** NEW CASE ASSIGNMENT NOTIFICATION *** 
The following case has been assigned to you. 
customer Name: retort, Inc 
contact Name: Mort, Inc 
Case #: 01195147 
Type: 
Case Subject: toic Annual call Note 
Description: 
click on the link to access the case: https://na4.salesforce.com/S006000000xDimx 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109859 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256043 
EFTA01452678

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452679.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
2/24/2014 12:33:19 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Case tt 01195153: has been assigned to you. 
O44 NEW CASE ASSIGNMENT NOTIFICATION 4" 
The following case has been assigned to you. 
Customer Name: Neptune, LLC 
Contact Name: Neptune, LLC 
Case #: 01195153 
Type: 
Case Subject: KYC Annual Call Note 
Description: 
click on the link to access the case: https://na4.salesforce.com/5006000000xGilv 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109860 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256044 
EFTA01452679

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452680.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
2/24/2014 12:36:56 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris I 
Subject: 
Case tt 01195159: has been assigned to you. 
000 NEW CASE ASSIGNMENT NOTIFICATION 0** 
The following case has been assigned to you. 
Customer Name: NES, LLC 
Contact Name: NES, LLC 
Case ft: 01195159 
Type: 
Case Subject: KYC Annual Call Note 
Description: 
Click on the link to access the case: https://na4.salesforce.com/5006000000XGIyd 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256045 
DB-SDNY-0109861 
EFTA01452680

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452681.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06735.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Sank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25227.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109863 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256047 
EFTA01452681

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452682.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO ea 1775, Werra. IA3 2IN3 
DOSCit BEM NNW Weak Maxiseneal 
Met" C Dame G.ou• 
oemunt Os. Nix, XeL 
MN. 4.6 CM, 
MI Fri Avenue. 26th 
M..•—t_ 'a 10154 
Valuation at a Glance 
Account Number: 
Statement Period: 01/01/2014 -0113112014 
This Period 
Year. to. Date 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Beginning Account Value 
$90,573,050.28 
$90,573,050.28 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 83 
Net Cash Deposits and Wittidratiais 
-109.995.00 
-109.995 00 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
Adjusted Previous Account Value 
90,463,055.26 
90,463,055.26 
Dividends, Interest and Other Income 
38.807.19 
38.807 19 
Net Other Activity 
-1800 
.18.00 
Net Chan 1 e in Portfolio 
501.761.99 
501 761 99 
riding Account Value 
S91 0 0 3 6 0 6 46 
591,003,606.46 
Your Client Advisor: 
Estimated Annual Income 
93,709,636.95 
TAZIA SMITH 
Asset Allocation 
Prior Year. End 
last Period 
This Period 
% Minutia) 
LW Cash Money Funds. and Bank Deposits' 
18.295.949 71 
18.295.949 71 
21.936.379 16 
2410% 
LW Fixed Income 
27,736,972.38 
27,736,972.38 
25,708,949.55 
28.25% 
Non-1,50 Axed Income 
10.227,309 46 
10.227,309 46 
10,201,607 02 
21% 
LW Equities 
30,410,519.65 
30,410,519.65 
29,756,390.18 
32.71%:
Non-LW Equities 
3.137.192,14 
3.137.192,14 
2.796.600.00 
3.07% 
Non-LW Cash. Money Funds. and Bank Deposits 
402.106.34 
402.106.34 
393.526.05 
0.43% 
Other 
363.000 00 
363.000 00 
210.154 50 
0.23% 
Account Total (Pie Chart) 
$90,573,050.28 
$90,573,050.28 
$91,003,606.46 
100.00% 
I The Bank Deposits in your account are FDIC insured bank deposits. 
FDIC insured bark deposts are not securities and are not covered by the Securthes Investor Protection Corporation 
(SIPC). These bank deposits are covered by the Federal Depose Insurance Corporation (FDIC), up to allowable limn. 
See page 2 of this statement for important information regarding the Asset Allocation section. 
Pie Chart allocation only includes 
products that am 01 posits* value 
Assets of less than 1% Of holdn;s 
not display on this pie chart. 
Page 1 el 23 
BO 100242CSP30016 
Go paperles.s 
AV( ANOuT C4Mxiviltv 
RaME 1.N.LIN•E 
!morn Yr roc lo, .4 4•w
DALISAROATED communeavneas 
EXCELLENCE 
assos EtENNo. otenley.4. • weft amt.! aiNKsx. 
OT••••.•••• IMMO T••• /044110000VIR00061, 001t MOIWID 
C nrents•flive • onst W. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109866 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256050 
EFTA01452682

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452683.pdf
----------------------------------------
Asset Allocation Disclosure and Footnotes 
Certain values have been defaulted into the Other Asset Class due to incomplete categorizing data 
All values are displayed in U.S. dollars based on interbank exchange rates as of 01/31/2014. Exchange rates can vary. 
Equities contains Equity Mutual Funds. 
Summary of Gains and Losses 
Realized 
Unrealized 
This Period 
Year. to Dale 
Short-Term Gain/Loss 
-155,770.40 
-155,77040 
361 904 52 
Long-Term Gain/Loss 
-50.54d 57 
-50,544 57 
-3.707 158 03 
Net Gain/Loss 
,206,314.97 
-206,314.97 
-2,345,253.51 
This summary excludes transactions where cost basis intonation is not available. 
Exchange Rate Table 
Global Cash 
Currency 
Qosing 
Mount in 
Curreney 
USD Equivalent 
Per USDA 
Corwin' 
Bolan* 
Base Currency USD 
EURO 
3484 
0.7416 
EURO 
291.846 67 
393.526.05 
MEXICAN PESO 
0.0747 
13.3801 
Total Global Cash Balance 
6393,526.05 
Exchange rates are based on interbank exchange rates as of 01/392014. Exchange rates can vary. 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
Date 
Mirky Type 
Deriptiou 
AseouM 
Balance 
Sweep FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
Account Number: N4G023804 
Adivity Ending: 01/31/14 
01101114 
Opening Balance 
18,181,872.33 
18,181,872.33 
01/02/14 
Deposit 
DEPOSIT 
114,277.38 
18,295,949.71 
01103114 
Withdraws 
WITHDRAWAL 
-18.00 
18,295,931.71 
01/13/14 
°spoil 
DEPOSIT 
2,216,071.41 
20,512,003.12 
01/15114 
Deposit 
INTEREST CREDITED 
470.84 
20,512,473.98 
01/15/14 
Deposit 
DEPOSIT 
2,149,274.07 
22,681,74103 
APY 0.03% 
01/18/14 
Withdrawal 
WITHDRAWAL 
-3,684,881.32 
18,977,066.71 
Associated Bank NA 
NO 01/16 1250000.00 
BHT 
NO 01/16 $250000.00 
Bank of Am Ora 
NO 01/16 $250000.00 
Citibank N.A. 
Page 2 of 23 
1301C0242M30016 
r1NAM,C11r 
Account Number: N46423804 
SO LIFERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Rat•J Lft..41.wit 
Go paperles.s 
Yn.. 
ge0w 
SA4 RATED COMMtINICATOKS 
ASK All UT C-DCLIVIIRY 
Cvu
EXCELLUKE 
twos. ate ovneetrruk Pc. sr Nit 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109867 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256051 
EFTA01452683

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452684.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO Boc 1776. Baltimore NO 2120.3 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits (continued) 
Date 
Activity Type 
Sweep FDIC Insured Bank Deposits (continued) 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM (continued) 
01/23/14 
Deposit 
01/24/14 
Withdrawal 
01/28114 
Deposit 
01/29/14 
Deposit 
01/31114 
Closing Balance 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
The FDIC Insured Bank Deposits are not securities and are not covered by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). The Bank Deposits at each bank are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (FDIC) up to 5250,000 for each category of legal ownership including individual retirement accounts and certain other self directed retirement accounts. Please review this in connection with other 
deposits you may have at each respective bank. 
kvtsClellIni Mate Phan Mianagenes 
MVPS CUSCO OCR. 
DeAVIte Illak Resale. /A( 
Nee. Vul Office 
345 NA Arnow. 26th 'Ix. 
Description 
Statement Period: 01101/2014 • 01131/2014 
Amount 
Balance 
NO 01116 5250000.00 
Deutsche Bank 
NO 01116 516790068. 
Ease West Bank 
NO 01116 $250000.00 
NY Comm unity Bank 
NO 01116 5250000.00 
Texas Capital Bank 
NO 01/16 5250000.00 
TdState Capital Bank 
NO 01116 $185998.58 
Union Bank of CA 
NO 01118 $250000.00 
DEPOSIT 
93.479.70 
19,070,546.41 
WITHDRAWAL 
-109,995.00 
18,960,551.41 
DEPOSIT 
99,559.34 
19,060,110.75 
DEPOSIT 
2,1368.00227 
21,928,113.02 
821,928,113.02 
$21,928,113.02 
Income and Expense Summary 
Dividend Income 
Equities 
Interest Income 
Bond Interest 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposts 
Total Dividends, Interest, Income and Expenses 
PPIP024 POPP 3061P 
rrEtAit. (7 kir 
Dares Period 
Year. to. Date 
Taxable 
Nee Tate* 
Taxable 
Noe Taxable 
13,326.14 
0.00 
13.326.14 
0.00 
25.010.21 
0.00 
25.010.21 
0.00 
410.84 
0.00 
470.84 
0.00 
63807.19 
$0.00 
538,807.19 
50.00 
Page 3 of 23 
Account Number 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RC 
calPw 
Go paperless 
RatrA U 
t•-•••• 'Int
 I
nit
DALISAP RATED COMMtIPMCATOP6 
ASK A*CWT telaivitirY 
EXCELLEOCE 
twos. ate 'swam rte. in sr Ge•C 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256052 
DB-SDNY-0 109868 
EFTA01452684

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452685.pdf
----------------------------------------
Income and Expense Summary (continued) 
Omen/ Period 
Year- to. Dale 
Taxable 
Na Taxable 
Taxable 
Boa Taxable 
Distributions 
Other Distributions 
Total Distributions 
Portfolio Holdings 
U.S. DOLLARS 
Account 
Opening Dale 
Ovanifty 
Number 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
Cash Balance 
Activity 
Ending 
Opening 
Balance 
0.00 
$0.00 
Dosing 
Balance 
85,729.09
$85,729.09 
Partied 
Income 
Income 
This Year 
0.00 
$0.00 
85,729.09
$85,729.09 
35. Day 
Current 
Yield 
Yield 
Margin Balance 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
01)01(14 
928 113 020 
84G023804 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
Total Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
Date
aired 
Fixed Income (in Maturity On Sequence) 
%Asset Backed Securities 
SGLOBAL MTG SECO RITIZATION LTDI 
GLOBAL MTG SCTZN ISINALIS378961AV83 
5250% 04125132 WE DTD 04128/05 Moody Rating CM3 S 
& P Rating 
Factor: 0.36175424 Effective Date:01/02/14 
Current Face Value: 2,984,472.480 
12113113 '.3.12 
3,078,211.000 
91.9900 
avant 
Unit Cost 
54,731.58 
59.54510 
01(31/14 
18,181,672.33 
$18,181,872.33 
$18,295,949.71 
Agusled 
Cost Baas 
Martel Price 
8,266.14 
0.00 
21,928,113.02 
$21,928,113.02 
$21,936,379.16 
Market Valve 
292.99 
$292.99 
$292.99 
Unmated 
Oarless 
470.84 
$470.84 
$470.84 
N/A 
NIA 
Accrued 
Estimated Estimated 
Interest 
Annual Income 
Yield 
Total Noncovered 
3,078,211.000 
Varioust.3.12 
5,171,769.000 
NM 
Total Unallocated 
5,171,769.000 
Total 
8,250,000.000 
6COUN TRYW IDE HOME LOANS 
SER 03-1 CL B1 4 090% 03125/33 BIE 
OTO 01/30/03 
Factor: 0.26152783 Btective Date:01/02/14 
Current Face Value: 1,176,675.235 
12113113 '.3,12 
1,211,860.000 
95.4990 
Security Identifier: 
1.024,360 05 
94.0780 
Original Cost Basis: $1,040,301.84 
1,024,360.05 
Pease Provide 
94.0780 
Original Cost Basis: Pease Provide 
Please Provide 
1,047,611.09 
1,047,811.09 
760 120 93 
1,760,120.93 
N/A 
Security Identifier: 12889DYS1 
302,889.88 
88.9830 
23,251 04 
23,251.04 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
$2,611.41 
974.36 
974.36 
1,637.05 
1,637.05 
$2,807,732.02 
275,616.28 
-27,053.60 
1,080.22 
$0.00 
Page 4 of 23 
90160242CSI30016 
r.rtait.ct r 
Account Number: N4G-023804 
SO UTPERN FINANCIAL Lit 
Rat•JUrcall•nt 
Go paperless 
t 
'N''" 
DALSA4 RATED COMMIJNICATOKS 
ASK ANDY. t-DCLIVIIRY 
EXCEL LUX 
.0.•Tessr iktarie tlt 
.2.••••••••=
C.,.utrooer 
twos. ate 'swam rte. Pc. sr snc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256053 
DB-SDNY-0 109869 
EFTA01452685

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452686.pdf
----------------------------------------
PC) By 1776. 8441enony MD 2120.3 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Dale Ac ired 
Oaannt 
Unit Cost 
Fixed Income (continued) 
6Asset Backed Securities (continued) 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS (continued) 
Total Noncovered 
1,211,880.000 
Various ' ,3•12 
1288,140.000 
N/A 
Total Unallocated 
3,288,t40.000 
Total 
4,500,000.000 
WASHINGTON MUT MFG SECS CORP 2004-RA2 
MTG PASSTHRU CTF CL C.B.1 VAR RATE 
6.972% 07125133 WE DTD 06/01/04 S it P Rating D 
Factor: 0.64524087 Effective Date:01/02/14 
Current Face Value: 832,380.722 
12/13113 'All 
837,723.000 
77.0000 
Total Noncovered 
837,723.000 
Various'A.I2 
452.277 000 
N/A 
Total Unalloated 
452,277.000 
Total 
1,290,000.000 
F1M PAC CM B TR 2005.2 ASSET BKD BD CL 
14-2 0.893% 04/25135 WE 
DM 03/03105 Moody Rating CAS& P Rating CC 
Factor: 0.14683303 Effective Date:01/27/14 
Current Face Value: 1,468,330.300 
12/13/13 '.5,12 
1.500.554.000 
Total Noncovered 
Various'•1.12
1,500,554.000 
8,499,448.000 
69.4090 
N/A 
Deresoe Sem Moue 0444001.44mernes 
4144004 Coact Comp 
De44stne 0041. Smoak. inc. 
144.4 14.10,004 
H) PM Maw. ilatt F 
Sea R.L NV 10154 
Statement Period: 01101/2014 - 01(31/2014 
Adducted 
Cog Baas 
Market Price 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Gain Loss 
Accrued 
Interest 
Estimated Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost Basis: 9306153.67 
302,669.86 
Pease Provide 
86.9630 
Original Cost Basis: Please Provide 
Please Provide 
N/A 
275,616.28 
747,829.13 
747,829.73 
51,023,446.01 
-27,053.80 
N/A 
NIA 
NIA 
1,080.22 
2.930.96 
2,930.96 
$4,011.18 
$0.00 
Security Identifier: 939336820 
416.210.50 
86.0460 
485,107.12 
48,896.62 
3,140.90 
Original Cost Bat $417,514.76 
416,210.50 
485,107.12 
46,696.62 
3,140.90 
Pease Provide 
86.0460 
251.10519 
N/A 
1,695.74 
Original Cost Basis: Please Piowde 
Please Provide 
251,105.99 
NIA 
1,695.74 
NIA 
$716,213.11 
N/A 
$4,836.64 
$0.00 
Security Identifier: 45254N NC7 
152,929.44 
71.1550 
156,776.45 
3.647,01 
32.79 
Original Cost Basis: 9156.285.58 
152,929.44 
156,776.45 
3,847.01 
32.79 
Pease Provide 
71.1550 
888,013.98 
N/A 
185.15 
Original Cost Basis. Please Provide 
Page 5 of 23 
110104)242(14030014,
r•Fulit.C1Ir 
Account Number: 
SO ThERN FiNANCIAL LLC 
Go paperless 
'N`41
ASK &NOVI' e4)17.1VIICY 
['ALMA RATED C0444/545.0000MOKS 
IDOCMCI4CE 
. ....*Tes s r ar
ser
y.lin
....
114-drhtri c.iimtroSier 
•••••1•3 ate evamet mt.. 
Pc. 54 we 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256054 
DB-SDNY-0 109870 
EFTA01452686

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452687.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Cate
wired 
Ouaritn 
Unit Cost 
Fixed Income (continued) 
'Asset Backed Securities (continued) 
IM PAC CIA B TR 2005-2 ASSET BKD BD CL (continued) 
Total Unallocated 
5,499,448.000 
Total 
10,000,000.000 
Total Asset Backed Securities 
24,040,000.000 
Total Current Face Value: 6,462,038.737 
Corporate Bonds 
SG STRUCTURED PRODS INC 
COMMODITY LKD MKT PLUS PROTECTED NOTES 
0.000% 08105114 B1E DTD 07130113 
07125113 '.11,13 
2.000.000.000 
100.0000 
*Amsted 
Cost Din 
Market Price 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Gaini Loss 
Accrued 
Interest 
Estimated Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
Please Provide 
888,013.98 
NIA 
NIA 
185.76 
HSBC USA INC MEDIUM TERM NTS 
BUFFERED NOTES LKD TO EURO STOU 50 
0.000% 08129114 WE DTD 05/30/13 
05124113 '.12,13 
2.000.000.000 
100.0000 
.PM ORGAN CHASES CO MEDIUM TERM NTS 
CAPPED CONTMGEKT BUFFERED EQUITY NTS 
0.000% 10/18/14 WE DTD 09/27113 
12105113 'AM 
1,000,000.000 
100.0000 
PETROLEOS DE VENEZUELA 
NOTES SENIOR ISINIIXS0480546525 
5.000% 10128115 REG DID 10128109 55 P Rating Be 
12104113 %kik 
2,500,000.000 
90.6830 
HEADWATERS INC GTD SR NT 
7.625% 04101119 WE DTD 03/11/11 
CALLABLE 04101115 
103.813 Moody Rating B2 55 P 
Rating Be 
10122112 
1,000,000.000 
102.6060 
EARTHLINK INC GTD SR NT FULLY EXCHANGED 
CUSP FROM 270321468 8.875% 05/15/19 WE 
DID 05/11/11 CALLABLE 05/15115 S8 P Rating CCC+ 
10122112'•12.13 
400,000 000 
102.6520 
N/A 
$1,896,169.87 
Security Identifier: 
2,000,000.00 
100.3900 
Original Cost Basis 52.000.000 00 
Security Identifier: 40432XFP1 
2.000500 00 
105 9300 
Original Cost Basis 52,000,000 00 
Security Identifier: 48126NVE4 
1,000,000.00 
101.6900 
Original Cost Basis: 51,000,000 00 
Security Identifier: P7807HAF2 
2.267.064 32 
82.8000 
Original Cost Bass 52.250,000 00 
Security Identifier: 42210PAQ5 
1,026.056 46 
108 0000 
Original Cost Basis 51.035.000 00 
Security Identifier: 270321ACS 
410,608 59 
99.7500 
Original Cost Basis 5414.000 00 
BRICO242CSE30016 
rAtabri r 
Account Num be 
SO Th ERk FINANCIAL LLC 
51,044,790.43
55,592,181.57 
2.007.800 00 
2,118,600 00 
1,016,900.00 
2,070,000.00 
1.080.000 00 
399,000 00 
$218.54 
$48,941.07 
$11,617.77 
7.800.00 
118,600 00 
16,900.00 
-197,084.32 
53,943.52 
-11,608.59 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
31,94444 
25.416 67 
7,494.44 
50.00 
50.00 
125,000.00 
6.03% 
76.250 00 
706% 
35,500.00 
8.89% 
Page 6 of 23 
&On, LAAIRwit 
Go paperless
Ynaa 
VI AllOUT tramway 
OEMARRATED COMEAtRACATOAS 
EXCELLENCE 
.R.osTessr....ArseTstin
.....
ACA.ATIR•Artroosv 
AAA*. 
onmeof ERA tem we 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109871 
SDNY_GM_00256055 
EFTA01452687

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452688.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO Ba 1776. &Amore MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS :continued) 
Date Ac Iced 
Unit Cost 
Guanti 
Fixed Income (continued) 
Corporate Bonds (continued) 
EARTHLINK INC GTD SR NT FULLY EXCHANGED (continued) 
10123/12 
600,000.000 
102.4650 
Total Noncovered 
1,000,000.000 
Total 
1100,000.000 
SERVICEM ASTER CO SR NT - CUSIP FULLY 
EXCHANGED FROM OLD CUSIP 81160NAL3 
8.000% 02115120 WE DTD 02/13112 Moody Rating CAM S 
P Rating CCC+ 
01124113 '.12.13
1,500,000.000 
105.2880 
02/25113 
1,000,000.000 
105.8590 
Total Noncoyered 
2,500,000.000 
Total 
2,500,000.000 
LLOYDS TSB BK PLC EURO ISSUE MEDIUM 
TERM NOTES 1%170717735822 
9.875% 12116121 REG DTD 12/16/11 Moody Rating Bat S8 
P Riding BBB 
12/04113 '.1,12 
1,500,000.000 
108.3940 
SOUTHERN CALIF EDISON CO 
FREE SER E 6.250% 02101122 WE 
DTD 01117/12 CALLABLE 02101122 Moody Rating BAA2 S 
P Rating BBB-
01/30/12 'An 
3,000,000.000 
99.7900 
BARCLAYS BK PLC CONTINGENT CAP NT 
MINS US06739FHK03 7.750% 04/10/23 WE 
DTD 04110113 CALLABLE 04110118 S 8 P Rating BB+ 
04103113'.12,13 
300,000.000 
100.0000 
POI COP4PCSI,P01 
74tAll•C 
r 
kluged 
Cog Bass 
Deresem M. P,411, 6t J. Irtypi 
Mr.r.,...00.n. 
(004 p 
ptotSOW. UM satyr:taint 
tueVu1011ice 
34, Part ifullat. ZYth 
Piatitri. POI 1015.4 
Market Price 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Gain Loss 
Statement Period: 01:01:2014 - 01131:2014 
Accrued 
Interest 
Estimated 
Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
614,789.17 
99.1500 
598,500.00 
46,28917 
11.241.67 
53,250.00 
8.89% 
Original Cost Basis: 5611500.00 
1,025,397.76 
997,500.00 
-27,897.76 
18,736.11 
88,750.00 
11,025,391.76 
$997,500.00 
-$27,897.76 
518,736.11 
588,750.00 
Security Identifier: 81760N AN9 
1,579,026.96 
103.5000 
1,552,500.00 
.26,526.98 
55,333 33 
120,000.00 
7.72% 
Original Cost Basis: 51,595,825.00 
1,058,588.49 
103.5000 
1.035.000.00 
•23,58849 
38188.89 
80,000 00 
7.72% 
Original Cost Basis: 51,010,000.00 
2,637,615.45 
2,587,500.00 
-50,115.45 
92,222.22 
200,000.00 
$2,637,615.45 
$2,587,500.00 
-80,115.45 
692,222.22 
5200,000.00 
Security Identifier: 04515111248 
1,625,910.86 
119.2500 
1,788,750.00 
162,839.34 
18,104.17 
148,125.00 
828% 
nginal Cost Basis: 51,627,500.00 
Security Identifier: 842400FU2 
2193.701 54 
103.7500 
3,112,500.00 
118,798.46 
93,750 00 
187,500.00 
6.02% 
Original Cost Basis: 52,992,564.97 
Security Identifier: 06739FHKO 
300,000.00 
108.3750 
325,125.00 
25,125.00 
7,168.75 
23,250.00 
1.15% 
Page 7 of 23 
Account Number: 
SO Idri-ERN FasiatiCIALLLC 
Go paperless 
ASK &NOV
'
. t4PCLPARY 
RatoM LocalPwit 
Y "
.t
fl
oe 
DALISAP RATED COMMtIPMCATOP6 
I.MM.te evestetnte • In :I int; 
EXCELLEOCE 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256056 
DB-SDNY-0 109872 
EFTA01452688

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452689.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Oate
sired 
Cluantn 
Unit Cost 
Fixed Income (cortinueo) 
Corporate Bonds (continued) 
BARCLAYS BK PLC CONTINGENT CAP NT (continued) 
Adjusted 
Cost Was 
Market Price 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Gaini Loss 
Accrued 
Interest 
Estimated Estimated 
Annual Intone 
Yield 
PM ORGAN CHASE 6 CO DEP SHS REPSTG 
MOTH PFD SER 1 FIXED TO FLTG RI 80 
7900% 04/29149 WE DTD 04/23/08 Moody Rating BA1 S6 
P Rating BBB 
06115/11 'Alt 
2,500,000.000 
107.5000 
05/15/11 
2,500,000.000 
107.0000 
Total Noncovered 
5,000,000.000 
Total 
5,000,000.000 
BANK AMER CORP PERP NON COM ULATIVE DEP 
SHS FIXED TO FLOAT 8.125% 04/30158 WE 
DTD 04/30/08 CALLABLE 05/15118 Moody Rating BA3 S8 P 
Rating BB+ 
WIWI 1 %Elk 
2,000,000.000 
102.7500 
Original Cost Basis: 9300.000.00 
Security Identifier: 
2,681,500.00 
110.6200 
Original Cost Basis: $2,667,500.00 
2,675,000.00 
110.8200 
Original Cost Basis' 52.675,000 00 
362 500.00 
95,362,500.00 
2,765,500.00 
2,765,500.00 
5,531,000.00 
$5,531,000.00 
78,000.00 
90,500.00 
166,500.00 
375 00 
49,375 00 
98,750.00 
197.500.00 
714% 
197.500.00 
7.14% 
395,000.00 
GENERAL ELEC CAP CORP NON CUM PFD SER 
A 7.125% 06112162 B/E 
010 06112/12 CALLABLE 06/15(22 Moody Rating BAA1 
P Rating AA-
06/27/12 '.12.13 
2.000.000.000 
105.5300 
LBO CAPITAL NO 1 PLC 144A 
'SINS X93473106283 8.000% 09115/88 REG 
DTD 12/15109 FOREIGN SECURITY SS P Rating BB 
12104113',3,12 
3,000,000.000 
108.2500 
Total Corporate Bonds 
Total Fixed Income 
28,800,000.000
52,840,000.000 
Security Identifier: 060505078 
2,055,000.00 
111.2800 
Original Cost Basis: $2,055,000.00 
Security Identifier: 369622SNII 
2,110,605 12 
112 3750 
Original Cost Basis 52.122,916 67 
Security Identifier: 1354338806 
3,247,500.00 
107.0000 
Original Cost Basis: $3,247,500.00 
$29,651,351.33 
531,547,521.20 
2,225,200.00 
2,247,500.00 
3,210,000.00 
930,318,375.00 
$35,910,556.57 
9168,500.00 
$98,750.00 
9395,000.00 
170,200.00 
136,894 88 
-37,50000 
34,305.56 
18.208 33 
30.666 67 
182,500.00 
7.30% 
142,500.00 
6.34% 
240,000.00 
7.47% 
$661,023.67 
9469,272.92 
91,788,875.00 
9715,964.74 
$480,950.69 
$1,788,875.00 
Page 8 of 23 
130100242CSF 30016 
re/41,C° r 
Account Number: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Go paperless 
ASK AllOUT C-DCLIVIIRY 
Rat•J Urcall•nt 
t....... vnt 
I
. ge0w 
Cvki.SA4 RATED COMMIJNICATOKS 
EXCELW4CE 
.0.•Tessarikr 
setenyr i t
....
u.a•misarnmptrore. 
* 
;vas. ate 'swam rte. ,n5{ we 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109873 
SDNY_GM_00256057 
EFTA01452689

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452690.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO Ba 1776. Baltimore NO 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS :continued) 
Date Acqu:',.0 
Quantity 
Unit Cost 
Cog Bass 
Market Price 
Weikel Value 
Unteaheed 
Gain Loss 
EVimaled 
Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
Equities 
Common Stocks 
APOLLO GLOBAL MOST LLC CL A Sii 
Security Identifier: APO 
Dividend Option:Cash 
CU SIP. 037612306 
03/29111 '.13 
263,157 000 
19.0000 
4.999,983 00 
32.4500 
8,539,444.65 
3.539.461 65 
1.039.470 15 
12.17% 
APPLE INC COM 
Security Identifier: AAPL 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSP. 037833100 
10/28/13 
2,000.000 
529.0600 
1,058,120.50 
500.8000 
1.001.200.00 
-56.920 50 
24,400 00 
2.43% 
ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS INC 
Security Identifier: ARIA 
Dividend Option:Cash 
CUSP 04033A100 
02114112'.13 
7,535.000 
15.2090 
114,597.40 
7.3900 
55,683.65 
-58,913.75 
01/24/13 %II 
9,000.000 
19.6000 
176,400.00 
7.3900 
66,510.00 
-109.890.00 
Total Nonosvered 
16,535.000 
290,997.40 
122,193.85 
-168,803.75 
Total 
16,535.000 
$290,997.40 
$122,193.65 
-$148,803.75 
$0.00 
ASCENA RETAIL GROUP INC COM 
Security Identifier: ASNA 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSP: 04351G101 
01/16101 
70,500.000 
21.2770 
1.500.000 00 
18.7600 
1,322,580.00 
•177.420.00 
BIOGEN IDEC INC COM 
Security Identifier: BIIB 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CU SIP: 09062X103 
02/14112 '•13 
2,095.000 
119.5490 
250.454 95 
312.6400 
654,980 80 
404,525 85 
FACEBOOK INC CL A 
Security Identifier: FB 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSP 3030311102 
05/17/12 %If 
17,500.000 
38.0000 
665,000.00 
62.5700 
1,094,975.00 
429.975 00 
FOUNDATION MEDICINE INC COM 
Security Identifier: FM I 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSP 350465100 
01/13114 
25,000.000 
27.5070 
687083.50 
29.9400 
748,500.00 
60,836 50 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO COM 
Security Identifier: GE 
Dividend Option: Cash 
CUSP 369604103 
04/23/13 %13 
23,000.000 
21.5700 
496,109.08 
25.1300 
577,990 00 
81,880 92 
20,240.00 
3.50% 
Page 9 of 23 
P016024PCSF1001.; 
Account Number 
Go paperiess 
Pelpd iscathwit 
Ynpat I.,R ge0w 
.0.•Tes sattr
ier
y:74
.1.4-••••
11.pilmtrawp 
SO LTI-ERN MAN [ALL 
MK &NOV. e-DIZIY•ICY 
&MAR RATED COMMtIPMCATOP6 
EXCELLCOCE 
Nary*, lie man 
'WA In Pt UM: 
Dertscle Pan. P',01,` 
Mr.r.,..00.4*(004 
p 
Dertstne 
seevrtit,irw 
tueVu1011ice 
343 Pan *now. Z60. not,
MOM 
Statement Period: 01:01:2014 - 01131:2014 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256058 
DB-SDNY-0 109874 
EFTA01452690

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452691.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Date .wired 
Ova 
Unit cot 
Equities (continued) 
Common Stocks (continued) 
GENERAL SIRS CO COM 
Dividend Option: Cash 
11118110' 
10,988.200 
36.4010 
12/09/10 ' 
86,536.800 
361160 
Total Noncovered 
97,525.000 
Total 
97,525.000 
P MORGAN CHASE 8 CO COM 
ISM/ USGS32911005 
Dividend Option: Cash 
07114105 '.3
21,753.000 
Cost Bain 
Market Pria 
Vadat Value 
Unmated 
tint Loss 
&mewed Estimated 
Annual Income 
Yield 
Security Identifier: GM 
CUSP 37045)/100 
399,978 16 
36.0800 
3,185,969 22 
0800 
3,585,947.38 
$3,585,947.38 
Security Identifier: PM 
CUSP. 46625H100 
488.4840 
10,628,002.00 
55.3800 
SAMOAN° BIOSCIENCES INC COM 
Dividend Option: Cash 
05128113 '.13 
50,000.000 
8.4440 
SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HLDOS INC COM 
Dividend Option: Cash 
01123114 
1,000.000 
24.0000 
TWITTER INC COM 
Dividend Option: Cash 
11107113 
1.500.000 
26.0000 
Total Common Stocks 
Preferred Stocks (listed by expiration date) 
ALLY FIN L INC PERP PFD FIXED( FLTG RATE 
SER A CALLABLE 
Dividend Option: Cash 
02103112'.13 
46,600.000 
02109112'.13 
80,000.000 
Total Noncovered 
126,600.000 
Total 
126,600.000 
GMAC CAP TR 107D TR PFD SECS SER 2 8 
125% MD RATE / FITG 
Dividend Option: Cash 
02122112'•13 
80,000.000 
Security Identifier: SOMO 
CUSP. 800877108 
422,214.00 
19.3400 
Security Identifier: SC 
CUSP 8028311101 
24,000.00 
25.6300 
Security Identifier: TYI TR 
CUSP. 90184L102 
39.000.00 
64.5000 
396,454.27 
3,122,247.73 
3,518,702.00 
$3,518,702.00 
1,204,246.08 
967.000 00 
25,630.00 
96.750.00 
•3,523.89 
•83,721.49 
-67,245.38 
-07,245.38 
•9,421,75592 
544,786 00 
1,630.00 
57,750.00 
13,185.84 
3.31% 
103,844.16 
3.32% 
117,030.00 
$117,030.00 
33,064.58 
214% 
PRICREETCAT"R0I 
7•Fulit.r111 
19.9140 
20.6580 
$24,845,491.81 
Security Identifier: ALLY PRB 
CUSP: 0200514308 
927,973.78 
27.0300 
1,852,500.00 
27.0300 
2,580,473.78 
$2,580,473.76 
Security Identifier: ALLY PRA 
CUSP 361860208 
23.5350 
1,882,77360 
27.3800 
$19,874,192.18 
1,259.598.01 
2,182,399.99 
3,421,996.00 
93,421,998.00 
2.190.400.00 
41,771,299.63 
331,624.25 
509,899.99 
841,524.24 
$841,524.24 
307,626.40 
$1,234,204.71 
99.025 00 
786% 
170.000.00 
7.86% 
269,025.00 
$269,025.00 
162 500 00 
741% 
Page 10 of 23 
Account Num ber. N46-023804 
SOLD-ERA FINANCIAL LIC 
m. 
Go paperles.s 
MEM LA All
Ynt In A I..... 
ASK AllOUT C-DCLIVIIRY 
['ALMA RATED COMMMICATOM 
EXCELLEOCE 
mahty . nrsav 
mot. 'Lc aman rm. in Tr sAR 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256059 
DB-SDNY-0 109875 
EFTA01452691

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452692.pdf
----------------------------------------
PC) By 1776. Baltimore MD 2120.3 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Date Ac aired 
Cost
Quanta
Unit
Equities (continued) 
Preferred Soda (continued) 
ROYAL BANK SCOTLAND GROUP PLC 
7.25% SPON ADR REPSTG SER T PFD SHIS 
CALLABLE ON OR AFTER 12131/2012 ($ 25 
Dividend Option: GM 
10124112'.13 
40,000.000 
23.7900 
951,600.00 
24.5400 
981.599.99 
29,999 99 
72,500.00 
7.38% 
01/07113 
40,000.000 
24.4400 
977,600.00 
24.5400 
981.599.99 
3.999.99 
72,500.00 
7.38% 
01114113'•' 3 
40,000.000 
24.8800 
995.200 00 
24.5400 
981.600 02 
-13.59998 
72.500.00 
7.38% 
Total Noncovered 
720,000.000 
2,924,400.00 
2,944,800.00 
20,400.00 
277,500.00 
Total 
120,000.000 
$2,924,400.00 
$2,944,800.00 
$20,400.00 
5217,500.00 
Total Preferred Stocks 
$7,387,647.36 
$8,557,198.00 
$1,169,550.64 
$649,025.00 
Options 
CALL 100 AMERICAN AIRLS GROUP INC COM 
Option Identifier: 99QADTZ.0 
EXP 01.17.150 20.000 OPTION ROOT= AAL 
Underlying Security Identifier: ML 
1.000.00 of these contracts are in your margin account 
Undedying Security Price: $33.55 
12111113' 
1,000.000 
8.0330 
803,314.50 
13.9000 
390 000 00 
586,685 50 
PUT 100 AMERICAN AIRLS GROUP INC COM 
Option Identifier: 99QADTZ(10 
RP 01.17.150 20.000 OPTION ROOT: ML 
Undedying Security Identifier: AAL 
-1.000.00 of these contrails are a short position 
Undedying Security Prim 533.55 
12/11/13 
-1.000.000 
1.9770 
-197.702.00 
0.6500 
-65.000.00 
132.70200 
Total Options 
$605,612.50 
$1,325,000.00 
$719,387.50 
$0.00 
Total Equities 
$32,638,751.87 
$29,756,390.18 
-$2,862,361.49 
$1,883,229.71 
Mumbled 
Estimated 
Estimated 
Oat. Acquired 
bolds 
Unit Cost 
Cost Basis 
market Prim 
Markel Value 
Gairti Loss 
Mnual Income 
Yield 
Exchange-Traded Products 
DEUTSCHE BK AG LONDON BRH DB AGRIC 
DOUBLE LONG TRADED NT 
Dividend Option: Cash; Capital Gains Option. Cash 
07112110'.13,73 
31,134.000 
7.0510 
Deutwie Ran. 0,naer *tali 64/..e.,414 
Ms•te% C00.4.0 CM( p 
oe.:scne Dana lewnes Int 
Cosi Baas 
Market Price 
Vadat Value 
Unrealized 
Gain Loss 
Statement Period: 01101/2014 01(31/2014 
Estimated Estimated 
Mnual Income 
Yield 
Security Identifier: RBS PRT 
CUSIP. 780097713 
Security Identifier: DAG 
CUSP. 2515411558 
219,512.76 
6.7500 
210,154.50 
-9,35826 
Page 11 of 23 
B0IC0242CSF3001F 
nntat.C11 
Account Number. N40-023804 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Lficathwit 
Go rkiperless 
RatrA 'Int 
'N''" 
Ave ASO
' 1ST t-DCLIVIIRY 
DALISAITt RATED COMMIJNICATOKS 
EXCELLEOCE 
twos. ate 'swam rte. Pc. sr we 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256060 
DB-SDNY-0 109876 
EFTA01452692

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452693.pdf
----------------------------------------
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
U.S. DOLLARS (continued) 
Date Acquired 
Overly 
Unit Cot 
Exchange-Traded Products (continued) 
WISDOM TREE TR JAPAN HEDGED EQUITY FO 
Dividend Option: Cash; Capital Gains Option: Cash 
60.00090 of these shares are in your margin account 
12111113 
60.000.000 
49.4350 
2,968.098.50 
Total Exchange-Traded Products 
$3,185,611.26 
Cost Basis 
Market Prise 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Estimated Estimated 
Gain( Loss 
Annual Income 
Yield 
Security Identifier: DXJ 
CUSP: 97717W851 
46.6100 
2,796,600.00 
-169.498.50 
37.061.40 
1.32% 
93,008,754.50 
Cost Bats 
Markel Valle 
-6178,856.76 
$37161.40 
Unrealized 
Game Loss
titers 
Accrued 
Urinated 
annual Income 
Total U.S. DOLLARS 
EURO 
oteripeon 
Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
Global Cash Balance 
389,308,283.29 
$90,610,080.41 
$2,345,253.51 
9480,950.69 
$3,709,636.95 
Quantity 
Oriel 
Balance 
291,646.67 
Closing 
Balance Currency 
291,846.67 EUR 
393.526.05 
USD 
Accrued 
Income 
30. Day 
Yield 
Total Cash, Money Funds, and Bank Deposits 
291,846.87 
291,84617 EUR 
393,528.05 
LSD 
Market Value 
Osrrency 
291,846.67 
EUR 
393.526 05 
LSD 
0.00 
0.00 
Mond 
Interest 
Total EURO 
Con Bass 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Gam Loss 
0.00 
0.00 
Accrued 
Interest 
Estimated 
Mnual Income 
Total Portfolio Holdings- U.S. 
DOLLARS 
$89,308,263.29 
691,003,606.48 
-62,345,253.51 
9480,950.69 
93,709,636.95 
Footnotes 
• Noncovered under the cost basis rules as defined below. 
Securities acquired before 2011 are generally not subject to the new cost basis reporting rubs set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (mIRC') (incorporating amendments enacted by 
P.L110-343, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008) and are, therefore, considered" noncovered." under the new cost basis reporting rules, and marked or denoted as such. Al other securities in 
this section are securities which are 'covered' under the new cost basis reporting rules. Securities which are "covered* under the new cost basis reporting rules ate defined as securities which have been acquired 
on or after their 'applicable date(s)' at which they are subject to the cost basis reporting rules and the adjusted basis will be reported to the IRS on form 1099.8 for the applicable tax year in which the security is 
disposed. 
PRAII•Ct I 
Account Number: 
SOLIFERS RNANCIAL LLC 
Go imixyless 
A. • •Co.i 
OUIV. NY 
Page 12 of 23 
Rat., Locall•nt 
Yn.uct 4,R ge0w 
Cvki.SA4 RATED COMMIJNICATOKS 
EXCELW4CE 
Amass ate 'swam rte. Pc. sr we 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109877 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256061 
EFTA01452693

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452694.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO By 1776. Baltimore MD 21203 
Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
Detisoc Dam Matt wow. ' ,Sweetest 
Warn <wrap Gwv• 
Oeslie Sink SOCIIIIetlAt 
Nay evk Office 
3411.04 *now. 2litti ;In 
Now*n. NY 10154 
(MI IWO!. Ns% 211114094 
Statement Period: 01/01/2014 • 01131/2014 
Reporting requirements generally will be phased in over a three-year period, as follows: 
• 
Stock in a corporation acquired on or after January 1. 2011 
• 
Mutual funds and dividend reinvestment plan (DRP) shares acquired on or after January 1, 2012 
• 
Other securities, principally debt securities and options, acquired on or after January 1, 2013, or later, as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. 
Cost Basis on fixed income securities is adjusted for amortization, accretion or principal paydowns. The method of calculation is based upon the type of fixed income security and certain attributes. obtained from 
sources believed to be reliable. In the event, one or more of these attributes is changed, there may be a temporary incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the portfolio system is amended to reflect this 
change. These calculations will not be performed under cedar circumstances, including those involving continuously callable bonds, foreign bonds, variable rates, bonds in default, index-linked bonds, bonds sold 
shod or bonds that have a negative yield. This information is meant as a general guide and you should consult your tax advisor in the preparation of your tax returns. 
The cost basis of this security has been provided to us by you or your introducing fpm and Pershing makes no representation as to the accuracy of this information. 
Unrealized gains and losses are not reported for securities for which cost basis or market value is not available. 
The Gwent Face value represents the outstanding principal balance of the underlying security. The Current Face value is determined by mukiplying the current factor times the original face amount of the 
security. Factors may change over time and are obtained from sources we believe to be reliable. 
Pershing has received updated cost basis information, therefore cost basis provided on previous client brokerage statements may differ from the new cost basis reported in this section. 
The cost basis of this security has been provided to us by the delivering firm or transferring agent and Pershing makes no representation as to the accuracy of this information. 
Holdings Summary by Currency 
Currency
U S DOLLARS 
EURO 
Total USD Equivalent
% of Allocation 
Case 
Fired Income 
Emmen 
Whoop- Traded 
Funds 
Total by Camay 
936.379 
35,910 556 
2930.390 
3,006.754 
90.610.080 
USD 
291.846 
291.846 
EUR 
22,329,905 
35,910,558 
29,758,390 
3,008,754 
91,003,606 USD 
24.54% 
39.46% 
32.70% 
3.30% 
100.00% 
Schedule of Realized Gains and Losses Current Period 
Disposition 
Acquisition 
Disposition 
Reared Gab' Loss 
Out 
Dale 
Transaction 
Description 
Quay 
Cosi Bads 
Proceeds 
Mialkeraea 
Short Term 
01/10/14 
05/29113' 
SELL 
GENERAL ELEC CAP COR SER C FIXED TO FLTG 5.250% 0 
1,400,000.000 
1,400,000.00 
1,316,889.00 
-83,131.00 
First In Fug Out 
8103/63 8/E 0T0 06/03113 CLB 
Security Identifier. 369822553 
Original Cost Basis: 1,400,000.00 
01/10/14 
07/09/13' 
SELL 
P MORGAN VALUE ADVA INSTITUTIONAL CLASS 
78,709.170 
2,000,000.00 
2,138,528.15 
138.528.15 
Aril In FRI Out 
Security Identifier AMIX 
Page 13 of 23 
CO 24 
F..0 OIF 
r•FlAlt.C1 I r 
Account Number: N46-023804 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Rat•J Urcail•nt 
Go paperless 
Simla Yn.uct 1. .4 ge0w 
All UT C-DCLIVIIRY 
DA LSA4 RATED COMMIJNICATIOV6 
EXCELW4CE 
;vas. ate 'swam ries.ktnsr we 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109878 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256062 
EFTA01452694

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452695.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule of Realized Gains and Losses Current Period (continued) 
Disposition 
Acquisition 
Date 
Date 
Disposition 
Transaction 
Description 
Short Term tcontawed) 
01/10/14 
12)13/13 
SELL 
.I3 MORGAN VALUE ADVA INSTITLTION AL CLASS 
First In First Out 
Security Identifier. MIX 
01/10/14 
12/13/13 
SELL 
Jo MORGAN VALUE ADVA INSTITUTIONAL CLASS 
First In First Out 
Security Identifier 'MIX 
01/10/14 
12/23/13 
SELL 
..13 MORGAN VALUE ADVA INSTITUTIONAL CLASS 
First In First Out 
Security Identifier JJAIX 
01/10/14 
07/22/13' 
SELL 
.PMORGAN CHASE 8 CO /01188 BIE OW 07/29(13 
First In First Out 
Security Identifier. 48126HAA8 
Original Cost Basis' 750.000.00 
01/24/14 
12113/13' 
RPP 
WASHINGTON M L T MTG 5 004-RA2 MTG PASSTHRU CTFCL 
C- B-1 VAR RATE 6 972% 07125133 
Security Identifier. 939336S20 
Original Cost Basis- 1,304.26 
01)27/14 
01/27/14' 
SELL 
MEACAN PESO CURRENC 
First In First Out 
Security Identifier MXN999994 
01/27/14 
01/14/14' 
SELL 
UNITED MEX STATES 7 2011-13.11.42 ISINIMX0MG00000 
First In First Out 
R8 0.000% 11/13142 REG DTD 12 
Security Identifier. P4ROC9EKS 
Original Cost Basis 3.008.030.70 
01/27714 
12113/13' 
RPP 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOA 1 CL B1 4.090% 03/25(33 B/E D 
TD 01130/03 
Security Identifier 12669DYSt 
Original Cost Basis- 3.483.79 
01/27/14 
12/13/13' 
RPP 
GLOBAL MTG SECURITIZ GLOBAL MTG SCTD. 'SIN/ LS37896 
1AV83 5250% 04/25/32 EVE 0 TD 
Security Identifier 378961AV8 
Original Cost Basis' 15,941.79 
01/27/14 
12/13/13' 
RPP 
IM PAC CM B TR 2005.2 BD CL 1-11 -2 0.893% 04/25/35 B /E 
DTD 03103/05
Security Identifier 45254NACT 
Original Cost Basis 2192.27 
Total Short Term 
Long Term 
01/10/14 
07/10/07' 
SELL 
BOMBARDIER INC CLASS 
First In First Out 
Security Identifier. BDRBF 
01/17/14 
07/12/10' 
SELL 
DEUTSCHE BK AG LONDO GRIC DOUBLE LONG TRADED NT 
First In First Out 
Security Identifier. DAG 
01/23/14 
07/12/10' 
SELL 
DEUTSCHE BK AG LONDO GRIC 00LBLE LONG TRADED NT 
First In First Out 
Security Identifier DAG 
otAII•C I, I 
Account Num berms 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Quantity 
840.719 
1.255.017 
758.267 
750.000.000 
637.723 000 
38,199,653.100 
380.000 000 
1,211,860.000 
3,078,211.000 
1.500.554.000 
Go imperless 
Ala A NO' [Ca iv.liv 
20,000.000 
13.866.000 
5.000.000 
Cost Basis 
Proceeds 
Realized Win: Loss 
Disallowance 
22.161.35 
33.082 25 
22,842 34 
34,098.81 
680.99 
1,016.56 
20.283.65 
20,602 11 
318.46 
750.000.00 
724,681 50 
-25.318.50 
1,304.26 
1.693.84 
389.58 
2.828.807.68 
2141,918 91 
13.111.23 
3,008,030.70 
2,803,970.02 
•204,06068 
3,483.79 
3.647.98 
164.19 
15.941.79 
17,329 91 
1.388.12 
2.592.27 
3.734.77 
142.50 
$10,085,687.74 
$9,929,917.34 
4155,770.40 
125.700.00 
80,818.57 
-14,851.43 
97,763.34 
93.479 70 
-4.283 64 
35.252 90 
33.843 40 
-1.409 50 
Page 11 of 23 
Raton, l000lltut 
Oetoso unmet Nene tta • motet atm! twit Sow 
tro... Yr yea MA Ito. 
Us &Aso rim Too!. No4Poneummoiottmt MINN 
DALiAR DATED COMMUNICATIONS 
Nov.' 
C rrooe. rm.,. to TA' NW. 
EXCELLENCE 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109879 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256063 
EFTA01452695

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452696.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO By 1776. &Amore NO 2120.3 
DeolsOn EM Mink Stalk lAnagena. 
Win Esesp Donn 
Ont./. Sank leannlet Inc 
Nan VAC Office 
316MEintlIn. Ent. Ike 
Plar*A. NY 10IS4 
(EDI 414/ISI. pss) MANS 
Schedule of Realized Gains and Losses Current Period (continued) 
Disposition 
Acpuisitico 
Disposition 
Date 
Date 
Transaction 
Desontion 
Total Long Term 
3250,716.24 
Nanny 
Statement Period: 01/01/2014 • 01(31/2014 
Rented Gain; Lon 
Cost BaWs 
Proceeds 
Disallowance 
$208,171.67 
-350,544.51 
Total Short Term and Long Term 
$10,344,403.98 
$10,138,089.01 
-3206,314.97 
• Noncovered under the cost basis rules as defined below. 
Securities acquired before 2011 are generally not subject to the new cost basis reporting rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended ('IRC') (incorporating amendments enacted by 
P.L.110-343, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008) and are, therefore, considered "noncovered," under the new cost basis reporting rules, and marked or denoted as such. M other securities in this 
section are securities which are *covered' under the new cost basis reporting rules. Securities which are 'covered" under the new cost basis reporting rules are defined as securities which have been acquired on 
or after their 'applicable date(s)' at which they are subject to the cost basis reporting rules and the adjusted basis will be reported to the IRS on form 1099-8 for the applicable tax year in which the security is 
disposed. 
Reporting requirements generally will be phased in over a three-year period, as follows: 
• 
Stock in a corporation acquired on or after January 1, 2011 
• 
Mutual funds and dividend reinvestment plan (DRP) shares acquired on or after January 1, 2012 
• 
Other securities, principally debt securities and options, acquired on or after January 1, 2013, or later, as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. 
This Schedule may not reflect al cost basis adjustments necessary for tax reporting purposes, especially for noncovered securities. Adjustments to cost basis may have been made for prior income received and 
subsequently reclassified by the issuer as a return of capital. In addition, corporate action events may require adjustments to your original cost basis. Return of capital information and cost basis information, as 
it relates to corporate actions, has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable. 
Adjustments to cost basis can be made after yearend, in particular, for retum of capital adjustments, but may also include adjustments for corporate action events. Therefore there may be differences in cost 
basis reflected on your monthly client brokerage statement at year end versus any subsequent reports, including your 1099-8 or online displays you may have available to you. 
When you report your cost basis on your tax return, it should be verified using all of your own records. In particular, there may be other adjustments which you need to make, but are not required to be made by 
Pershing as it relates to H.R. 1424. You should consult with your tax advisor in order to properly report your gain or loss for tax purposes. Pershing shall not be responsible for and makes no representations or 
warranties with respect to the accuracy of any information that you report to the IRS or other taxing authorities, and, accordingly, disclaims any and all liability that may arise with respect to your use and reliance 
on the information provided herein for such reporting. 
Cost Basis on fixed income securities is adjusted for amortization, accretion or principal paydowns. The method of calculation is based upon the type of fixed income security and certain attributes, obtained from 
sources believed to be reliable. In the event, one or more of these attributes is changed, there may be a temporary incorrect adjusted cost basis reflected until the portfolio system is amended to reflect this 
change. These calculations will not be performed under certain circumstances, including those involving continuously callable bands, foreign bonds, variable rates, bonds in default, index-linked bonds, bonds sold 
short or bonds that have a negative yield. This information is meant as a general guide and you should consult your tax advisor in the preparation of your tax returns. 
Please refer to the Your Account Information Section in your brokerage account statement for your accounts existing tax-lot disposition method. The disposition method is the method which you have selected to 
use in the disposal of each tax lot of the securities held in your account. If you do not select a method, your account will be defaulted to First In, First Out (FIFO). Your accounts selected tax lot method will be 
used to detemtine the cost basis for calculating gain and/or loss, unless another method was selected at the time of the security disposal, and this may be reported on the IRS Form 1099-8. 
Ann• c I 
Account Num ber: 
SO DIRK FINANCIAL LLC 
Page 15 of 23 
um-AL-di-0 
Go paiw.rless 
t—• T"nIt In A 'Ion 
Ont OAR RATED COMMIJNICATOITS 
ASIR AlICK),  cersiv.ire 
EXCEL LEOCE 
..I•Tessr......rs.ttnyr i t
....
IAA 0:7=nr 
tan 
inns, a ulnae,. ERA tnnr GAR 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109880 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256064 
EFTA01452696

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452697.pdf
----------------------------------------
M essa9es 
Although a money market mutual fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at Si per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in a money market mutual fund. Shares of a money 
market mutual fund or the balance of a bank deposit product held in your brokerage account may be liquidated upon request with the proceeds credited to your brokerage account. Please see the 
money market mutual fund's prospectus or the bank deposit product's disclosure document or contact your investment professional for additional information. 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)-Insured Bank Deposits are not protected by Securities Investor Protection Corporation.(SIPC) 
For disclosure of rates for DWS money market funds, please visit the DWS Investments website at htlps:/Ainviv.dws-investmentsconVEN/products/money-market-funds-yields jsp Please rote that all money 
market funds listed on the website may not be offered through us. 
Important Reminder for Pershing's 2013 IRS Forms 1099 (B, DIV, INT, 010 and MISC): As a reminder, by February 18, you will receive either your 1099 form on special Pending 1099 Notice. The Pending 1099 
Notice will be sent if issuers of securities you hold have not yet provided their final tax information. It will inform you of the securities that are pending final reporting, and will provide the anticipated mail date of 
your 1099 form. Your 1099 will be mailed no later than March 17, 2014. 
Activity Summary (All amounts shown are in base currency) 
Credits 
This Pence 
Year. to- Data 
Debits 
This Period 
Year- to- Date 
Securities 
Securities 
Securities Bought 
0.00 
0.00 
Secunties Bought 
.6 688 454 11 
•6.688.454.11 
Securities Sold 
204 174 33 
10.204.174.33 
Securities Sold 
0.00 
0.00 
Total Securities 
$10,204,174.33 
$10,204,174.33 
Total Securities 
46,688,454.11 
46,688,454.11 
Dividends and Interest 
$38,807.19 
$38,807.19 
Dividends and Interest 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Distributions 
$85,729.09 
$85,729.09 
Distributions 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Fees 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Fees 
-$18.00 
-$18.00 
Cash 
Cash 
Withdrawals 
0.00 
0.00 
Withdrawals 
.109 995 00 
•109,995,00 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Total Cash 
-$109,995.00 
-$109,995.00 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
$3,794,694.32 
$3,794,694.32 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
47,541,135.01 
.47,541,135.01 
Total Credits 
$14,123,404.93 
$14,123,404.93 
Total Debits 
-$14,339,602.12 
-514,339,602.12 
Transactions by Type of Activity 
Process 
Settlement 
Date 
Securities Bought and Sold 
01113114 
01110114 
SOLD 
II ORGAN VALUE ADVANTAGE FUND INSTITUTIONAL 
-81.563.173 
27.1700 
2.216,071 41 
US0 
IVAIX 
CLASS UN SOLICITED ORDER 
01115114 
01110114 
SOLD 
BOMBARDIER INC CLASS 8 AVERAGE UNIT PRICE 
-20,000.000 
4.0828 
80.848 57 
USD 
BDRBF 
TRANSACTION YOUR BROKER ACTED AS AGENT 
01115114 
01/10114 
CORRECTED SELL 
GENERAL ELEC CAP CORP PERPFC0 SER C FIXED TO FLTG 
-1.400.000.000 
94.0625 
6.12500 
1.322.994 00 
Li SD 
Trade 
Transaction 
Date 
Activity Type 
()nation 
Quantity 
Prise 
Awned !Meal 
Ann Omen 
389622511 
5.250% 06103163 BIE DTD 06103113 CLB VARIABLE RATE 
CORRECTED CONFIRM 
Account Number: N4G-023804 
SO TI- ERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Go ixiperless 
Ala A 00V• CAN% Pa NY 
Ral*JUN.ENE 
...von 
••• 
k••••• 
DALISAR DATED communicAnord 
EXCELLENCE 
Page 16 of 23 
4:1•••••• *Wyk •••••••• la- • Weft. atm/ •••••••••• 
T.t Ss. 
NaiPanaaimmais,ailit Masa 
Nap 
t: 
••-tor .1,1 • 9,. •r W. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256065 
DB-SDNY-0109881 
EFTA01452697

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452698.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO Boc 1776. Baltimore NO 2120.3 
Dpitisoc Dam Mom wenWm/pewit 
Penn <wrap Gm* 
Des*. Oak SetweileOnc 
Nee evk Office 
3411.04 *4MM. 2litti ;kW 
Now *AP. NY 10154 
(MI 4.1.1MA. Ns% 21111.409$ 
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process' 
Trade: 
Settle rent 
Transaction 
Date 
Date 
ACirit T 
Deice ion 
OuaMit 
Price 
Statement Period: 01101/2014 - 01(31 /2014 
Accrued interest 
Amoral Current 
Securities Bought and Sold (continued) 
01115/14 
01110114 
SOLD 
AA ORGAN CHASE & CO 8.000% 09101/88 BOE DTD 
-750,009.000 
6250 
20,750.00 
745,431.50 
USD 
PM 403173 
07/29/13 
01116114 
01113114 
PURCHASED 
FOUNDATION MEDICINE INC COM AVERAGEUNIT PRICE 
25,000.000 
27.4463 
-687,663.50 
USD 
Fill 
TRANSACTION YOUR BROKER ACTED AS AGENT 
01/16/14 
01/14/14 
PURCHASED 
MEXICAN PESO 
39,253,441.020 
13.0975 
-2.997,017.82 
USD 
01/16/14 
01114/14 
PURCHASED 
UNITED MEX STATES 7 3)4% BONGS 2011.13.11.42 
380,000.000 
102.6957 
-229,055.56 
-39,253,441.02 
MXN
PIRI3C9EK5 
ISIN#MX0MG00000R8 0900% 11/13142 REG DTD 12/22/11 
-17,387.86 
-2,979,772.79 
USD 
ASOF 01/14/14 YLD -.094 TO MAT 
Exchange Rate: 13.1733 
01/23/14 
01/17114 
SOLD 
DEUTSCHE BK AG LONDON BI1H DB AGRIC DOUBLE LONG 
-13.866 000 
8022 
93,479.70 
USD 
OAG 
TRADED NT UNSOL AVERAGE UNIT PRICE TRANSACTION 
YOUR BROKER ACTED AS AGENT 
01126114 
01123114 
SOLD 
DEUTSCHE BK AG LONDON BRH DB AGRIC DOUBLE LONG 
-5.000.000 
6.8100 
33,843.40 
USD 
DAG 
TRADED NT UNSOL AVERAGE UNIT PRICE IRAN SACTION 
YOUR BROKER ACTED AS AGENT 
01126114 
01123114 
PURCHASED 
SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HLDGS INC COM PROSPECTUS 
1,000 000 
244000 
-24.000.00 
USD 
SC 
UNDERSEPARATECOVER 
01/29114 
01/27/14 
SOLD 
MEXICAN PESO 
-38,199.653.100 
13.4415 
2,841,918 91 
USD 
01/29/14 
01127114 
SOLD 
UNITED MEX STATES 7 3/4% BONOS2011.13.11.42 
-380.000.000 
99.6427 
335,402.78 
38,199,653.10 
MXN 
P4ROC9B(5 
'SIN/ M X014 600000F13 0.000% 11/13/42 REG DTD 12122/11 
25,195 71 
2.869.586 84 
USD 
AS OF 01/27714 
Exchange Rate 13 3119 
Total Securities Bought and Sold 
MEXICAN PESO 
106.347.22 
-1,053,787.92 
MXN
TOTAL USD EQUIVALENT 
7.807 85 
-110,185.95 
USD 
UNITED STATES DOLLAR 
26,875.00 
3,625,906.11 
USD 
Page 17 of 23 
POI 0024 POMO 016 
*rPNbC V r 
Account Num ber. N40-023804 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
R..•1Lwc,OP•ot 
Go paperies. s 
Ynw 4
ge,w 
ASOUT canwiNY 
Cvki.SA4 RATED COMMIJNICATONS 
EXCEL LUXE 
.0.•Tessr..tas setenyra
....ght
. nrooser 
Non. ate ernware... 
snc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109882 
SDNY_GM_00256066 
EFTA01452698

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452699.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Settlement 
Date 
Dividends and Interest 
01/15114 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
DEPOSITS INTEREST 
RECEIVED 
458997996 
01/27/14 
BOND INTEREST RECEIVED 
12669DYS1 
Dade-
Tiansadion 
Date 
Adivit T 
Weal• ion 
Quanti 
Prim 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Curren 
01127/14 
01127/14 
01127114 
01128/14 
01/31/14 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
GE 
FOREIGN BOND INTEREST 
378961AV8 
BOND INTEREST RECEIVED 
939336S20 
BOND INTEREST RECEIVED 
45254NNC1 
CASH DIVIDEND RECEIVED 
PM 
INSURED DEPOSITS INTEREST CREDITED 
4500000 COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS SER 03-1 CL B1 
4.090% 03125133 B/E DTD 01130/03 RD 12/31 PD 01125114 
23000 SF RS GENERAL ELECTRIC CO COM RO 12123 PD 
01127114 
8250000 GLOBAL MTG SECLRITIZATION LTD/ GLOBAL MTG 
SCTZN IMO US378961AV83 5 250% 04/25132 BIE DTD 
04128/05 RO 12/31 PD 01125114 
1290000 WASHINGTON MUT MTG SECS CO RP 2004-RA2 
MTG PASSTHRI, CTFCL C-B-1 VAR RATE 6.972% 07125/33 
WE DID 06/01104 RD 12/31 PD 01/25/14 
10000000 IM PAC CM B TR 2005.2 ASSET BKD BD CL 1-M-2 
0.893% 04/25/35 WE DID 03/03/05 RD 01/24 PD 01/25114 
21753 SHRS 
MORGAN CHASE& CO COM 
ISINIUS466251.1005 RD 01/06 PO 01131114 
470.84 
LSO 
5)04.10 
USD 
5,060.00 
LSO 
13,260.27 
LSD 
4.851.79 
USD 
1.194.05 
USD 
8.266.14 
LSD 
Total Dividends and Interest - UNITED STATES DOLLAR 
Distributions 
01/27/14 
RETURN OF PRINCIPAL 
RECEIVED 
12669DYS1 
01/27/14 
RETURN OF PRINCIPAL 
RECEIVED 
378961AV8 
01127/14 
RETL RA OF PRINCIPAL 
RECEIVED 
939336520 
01128/14 
RETURN OF PRINCIPAL 
RECEIVED 
45254NNC7 
4500000 COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS SER 03.1 CL BI 
4.090% 03/25/33 WE DID 01130/03 RD 12/31 PD 01/25/14 
8250000 GLOBAL MTG SECLRITIZATION LTD/ GLOBAL MTG 
SCTZN ISIASUS378961AV83 5 250% 04/25/32 BIE DTD 
04128/05 RO 12/31 PD 01125114 
1290000 WASHINGTON MUT MTG SECS CO RP 2004-FtA2 
MTG PASSTHRL CTFCL C-B-1 VAR RATE 6 972% 07/25/33 
WE DTD 06/01/04 RD 12/31 PD 01/25/14 
10000000 IM PAC CM B TR 2005.2 ASSET BKD BD CL I -M -2 
0.893% 04/25/35 B/E DTD 03/03/05 RD 01124 PD 01125/14 
0.00 
38,807.19 
13.546 06 
LSD 
46.446.39 
LSD 
847.33 
LSD 
24.889 31 
LSD 
Total Distributions - UNITED STATES DOLLAR 
POICO242CSEMOIE 
r,Ltait.ct r 
Account Number: N4G-023804 
SOUTHERN flNANCIAL LLC 
0.00 
Go papertess 
RENA 1.N.LIN•E 
.....s;) tn... Yr. yea MA IN. 
DALISAR DATED communicAnord 
EXCELLENCE 
85,729.09 
Page 18 of 23 
43••••••••Nrtell 
Ia. • wart artal aim Ora 
T.t Ss. 
imerTottesionearpsomon.tit P0~0 
Nov..3.0 
Ntreor NS,. In re. W. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256067 
DB-SDNY-0 109883 
EFTA01452699

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452700.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO fla4 1775, Ballacte M3 21N3 
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
0ade 
kitlement 
transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Actiri T 
Fees 
01/02114 
12131113 
FOREIGN CUSTODY FEE 
G4S15PP48 
01102/14 
12/31/13 
FOREIGN CUSTODY FEE 
G5433BBG8 
01102/14 
12/31113 
FOREIGN CUSTODY FEE 
P7807HAF2 
Total Fees - UNITED STATES DOLLAR 
Cash Withdrawals and Deposits 
01124/14 
FEDERAL FUNDS SENT 
LS0999997 
Total Cash Withdrawals and Deposits- UNITED STATES DOLLAR 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits 
01102/14 
FDIC INSURED BANK DEPOSIT 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
USD999997 
01103114 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
WITHDRAWAL 
USD999997 
01113/14 
FDIC INSURED BANK DEPOSIT 
U S0999997 
01115/14 
FDIC INSURED BANK DEPOSIT 
U S0999997 
01115/14 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
DEPOSITS INTEREST 
REINVESTED 
458997998 
01116/14 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
WITHDRAWAL 
USD999997 
01123/14 
FDIC INSURED BANK DEPOSIT 
USD999997 
01124/14 
FDIC INSURED BANK 
WITHDRAWAL 
USD999997 
0eseCit BEM NMI* Stan lEnagenat 
Wow. twinge NNE 
0tetXthe SEA kNalet Inc 
Ne.vriONI-
3MM Agave. ifon F 
lilt. 
NY 10IS4 
Desai• ion 
Fgn Safekeeping DEC 2013 CUSIP GIS15P-P4-8 
Fgn Safekeeping DEC 2013 CliSIP. G5433B•K•8 
Fgn Safekeeping DEC 2013 CUSIP P7807F-AF-2 
QuaMi 
Statement Period: 01101/2014 • 01131/2014 
Price 
Acaued Interest 
Amount Current 
-600 
USD 
•600 
USD 
-600 
USD 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
0.00 
-18.00 
•I09 995 00 
USD 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
INSURED DEPOSITS INTEREST REINVESTED 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
Account Number: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
0.00 
Go paperless 
ASIR A ROUT C AD a r 
NY 
Pat•A 1.NLENE 
...von 
.• In A I.... 
DAL EAR DATED communicAnord 
EXCELLENCE 
,109,995.00 
-114.277.38 
USD 
18.00 
LSD 
-2,216.071.41 
USD 
•2.149.27407 
USD 
•47084 
LSD 
3.684,681 32 
USD 
-93.47910 
USD 
109.995 00 
',SD 
Page19 of 23 
Cle••••••Wwwel. Oienle
 • Weft. atm/ triaar• 
T.t Ss. 
itieloT.•Iesionensisromoisqlilit MWeti 
Novisi t:C 
In St W. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256068 
DB-SDNY-0 109884 
EFTA01452700

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452701.pdf
----------------------------------------
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process 
Bade-
Settlement 
Transaction 
Dale 
Date 
Activity Type 
Desolation 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
FDIC Insured Bank Deposits (continued) 
01128/14 
FDIC INSUR8) BANK DEPOSIT 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
49,559.34 
USD 
USD999997 
01/29/14 
FDIC INSURED BMX DEPOSIT 
INSURED DEPOSITS PROGRAM 
-2,868,002.27 
U SD 
USD999997 
Total FDIC Insured Bank Deposits - UNITED STATES DOLLAR 
0.00 
-3,745,440.69 
Taal lamed Interest 
Taal Amount 
Transactions Summary 
Total Araued Interest 
Total Amount 
DJ: 'Eng 
L150 Equivalent 
USD Equivalent 
MEXICAN PESO 
106.347 22 
-1.053.78792 
MA 
7,807.85 
-110.185.95 
UNITED STATES DOLLAR 
21875 00 
.106111.24 
LSD 
26,875.00 
-106.01124 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Cash Not Yet Received 
Security 
Interest 
KRVICEMASTER CO SR NT • CUSIP FULLY 
EXCHANGED FROM OLO 
Total Cash Not Yet Received 
Record Date 
Payable Date 
Quentity lkld 
Rate 
Dividend Option 
Amount of Payment 
Bond Maturity Schedule 
01131/14 
02115/14 
2,500,000.000 
0.040000 
Cash 
100,000 00 
Bond datunty 
Market Vabn 
of Bond Market Value 
to 12 rn onths 
5,143,300.00 
14% 
to 5 years 
2,070,000.00 
6% 
to 10 years 
9,891,375.00 
28% F7I 
Over 10 years 
18,805,881.51 
52% 
Total 
35,910,558.57 
100% 
Bond Quality 
Bona Quality 
E44 
5,380,000.00 
15% 
BAILower 
24.383.810.56 
68% 
Not Rated 
6.168.716 01 
17% 
Total 
35,910,558.57 
100% 
smut Value 
% of Bead Markel Value 
Go paperless 
ASK AllOUT C-DCLIVIIRY 
$100,000.00 
Percentages of bond market values are 
rounded to the nearest whole percentage. 
Percentages of bond market values are 
rounded to the nearest whole percentage. 
Page 20 of 23 
Account Number 
II- ERN FINANCIAL RC 
Rat•JUrcall•nt 
t....Ynt 
In/. ge0w 
Cvki.SA4 RATED COMMIJNICATOKS 
EXCELW4CE 
.0.•Tessr...v iettin
....
u.a••••••••=troose. 
twos. ate 'sweet rte. Pc. sr u+c 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109885 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256069 
EFTA01452701

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452702.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO By 1776. Baltimore MD 2120.3 
Client Service Information 
Dpitisoc Dam Mom wo Il 'blurrier 
wae. (wrap On 
Des*. Sank 1[M/IIPtIM-
Ma ifAClikr• 
3411.04 *now. VAIp0r 
PlemObt. NY 10154 
(MI IWO!. Ns% 21114O9S 
Statement Period: 01101/2014 • 01131/2014 
Your Client Advisor: MS 
TAZiA SMITh 
345 PARK MENL,E 14Tr FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 1:154 
Your Account Information 
Contact Information 
Telephone Number: 
Tax Lot Default Disposition Method 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: FIRST IN FIRST OUT 
Default Method for Stocks in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: FIRST lk FIRST OUT 
Default Method for all Other Securities: FIRST 1K FIRST OUT 
Electronic Delivery 
You have nol selected any account com m unications for electronic delivery. To register and turn off paper can m unications, log in to your account or contact your Client Advisor for m ore inform ation. 
Important Information and Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis. including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market prices have been obtained from 
sources which we believe to be reliable. Pershing may not use the closing price of the particular exchange or marketplace where your position was purchased as the 'Market Price.' Securities for which a price is 
not available are marked —N/A— and are omitted from the Total. 
The estimated annual income (SAD and estimated current yield (ECY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or guarantee of future results. 
These figures are computed using information from providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, 
and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position 
quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating therm Refer to 
war .pershing.coralbusiness_continuity.html for specific details as to formulas used to calculate the figures. Accrued interest represents interest eamed but not yet received. 
THE AS OF PRICE DATE ONLY APPEARS WHEN THE PRICE DATE DOES NOT EQUAL THE STATEMENT DATE. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions. Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities shown on your statement may have been reinvested. You will 
not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, including the time of execution and the name of the person from 
whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions. Pershing acts as your agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Options 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished to you. A summary of this 
information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining current background and financial information conceming 
your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to 
the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional information regarding this procedure is available upon written request to your introducing firm. 
Page 21 of 23 
POI CO24 POMO 016 
namt.co r 
Account Number: N46-023804 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Go 
pap
erless 
 t•—•  VI's( I„A 0v 
AlOU,  C-O11 IV. NY 
. 
Oat OAR RATED COMMIJNICATIOV6 
EXCEL 1.04CE 
.O.•Tessaynass.tenyr i t
....
lia • ...My 4ml:ran 
ryas. ate 'swam rte. k Pc. 
u+c 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109886 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256070 
EFTA01452702

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452703.pdf
----------------------------------------
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
Proxy Vole 
Securities not fully paid for in your margin account may be lent by Pershing to itself or others in accordance with the terms outlined in the Margin Agreement. The right to vote your shares held on margin may be 
reduced by the amount of shares on loan. The Proxy Voting Instruction Form sent to you may reflect a smaler number of shares entitled to vote than the number of shares in your margin account. 
Foreign Currency Transactions 
Pershing may execute foreign currency transactions as principal for your account Pershing may automatically convert foreign currency to or from U.S. dollars for dividends and similar corporate action 
transactions unless you instruct your financial organization otherwise. Pershing's currency conversion rate will not exceed the highest interbank conversion rate identified from customary banking sources on the 
conversion date or the prior business day, increased by up to 1%, unless a particular rate is required by applicable law. Your financial organization may also increase the currency conversion rate. This conversion 
rate may differ from rates in effect on the date you executed a transaction, incurred a charge. or received a credit. Transactions converted by agents (such as depositories) will be billed at the rates such agents 
use. 
Ratings 
This statement may contain credit rating information obtained from Standard & Poors. Reproducing and distributing any information received from Standard & Pools is not permitted without prior written 
authorization from Standard & Poor's. Standard & Poor's does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information. Standard & Poor's is not responsible for any errors or 
omissions, regardless of the cause, or for the results of using such content. Standard & Poor's makes no express or implied warranties including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. 
Standard & Poor's shall not be legally responsible for any fees, costs, expenses or losses in connection with the use of their content Credit ratings are opinions and not statements of facts; are not 
recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities; and do not address suitability for investment purpose. Credit ratings should not be relied upon as investment advice. 
Cash Not Yet Received 
Assets shown here are not reflected in your account. This information has been received from sources we believe to be reliable. Pershing does not guarantee the accuracy of the information. 
Bond Maturity Schedule 
Bonds that are in default are not included. 
Bond Duality 
Bond quality ratings reflect Moody's or Standard and Pools ratings. Bonds may be rated by other services. Bonds that are in default are not included. Please refer to your Portfolio Holdings section. 
The Role of Pershing 
• 
Pershing carries your account as clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with your financial institution. Pershing may accept from your financial institution without inquiry or investigation (i) orders 
for the purchase and sale of securities and other property and (I) any other instructions concerning your account Pershing is not responsible or liable for any acts or omissions of your financial institution or 
its employees and it does not supervise them. Pershing provides no investment advice nor does it assess the suitability of any transaction or order. Pershing acts as the agent of your financial institution and 
you agree that you will not hold Pershing or any person controfing or under common control with it liable for any investment losses incurred by you. 
• 
Pershing performs several key functions at the direction of your financial institution. It acts as custodian for funds and securities you may deposit with it directly or through your financial institution or that it 
receives as the result of securities transactions it processes. 
• 
Your financial institution is responsible for adherence to the securities laws, regulations and rules which apply to it regarding its aim operations and the supervision of your account, its sales representatives 
and other personnel. Your financial institution is also responsible for approving the opening of accounts and obtaining account documents; the acceptance and, in certain instances, execution of securities 
orders; the assessment of the suitability of those transactions, where applicable; the rendering of investment advice, if any, to you and in general, for the ongoing relationship that it has with you. 
• 
Inquiries conceming the positions and balances in your account may be directed to the Pershing Customer Service Department at (201)413-3333. M other inquiries regarding your account or activity should 
be directed to your financial institution. Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement 
• 
For a description of other functions performed by Pershing please consult the Disclosure Statement provided to you upon the opening of your account. This notice is not meant as a definitive enumeration of 
every possible circumstance, but as a general disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like additional copies of the Disclosure Statement, please contact your financial 
institution. 
• 
Pershing is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC°). Please note that SIPC does not protect against loss due to market fluctuation. In addition to SIPC protection, Pershing 
provides coverage in excess of SIPC limits. For more detailed information please visit: wampershing.comrstrength_stabifity.html. 
• 
This statement will be deemed conclusive. You are advised to report any inaccuracy or discrepancy (including unauthorized trading), to your financial organization and Pershing, within ten days after receipt 
of this statement. Please be advised that any oral communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your rights. including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act. 
• 
Your financial organization's contact information can be found on the first page of this statement. Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC; Legal Department; One Pershing Plaza; Jersey 
City, New Jersey 07399; (201)413-3330. Errors and Omissions excepted. 
Important Minutiae Disclosures 
• 
All parties to this agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which a claim is filed. 
• 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
Page 22 of 23 
Account Number: N46423804 
SO TI-ERN FINANCIAL BC 
Rat "..1kwawl 
GO paperless 
InA Tv 
DALSA4 RATED COMMUNICATOKS 
EXCELIXIXE 
;vas. ate men rt. r 
in 
toe. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109887 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256071 
EFTA01452703

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452704.pdf
----------------------------------------
PO By 1776. BA more MD 2120.3 
Important Information and Disclosures (continued) 
Dpitisoc sant RPM* Wolk Illinagenad 
Wan. teernip Gm* 
Oemmlw Oak leolain Inc 
Nay evk Office 
3411.04•44./t2lith ;In 
PMTS. NY 10154 
(MI 4.1.1MA. NSW 2114095 
Statement Period: 01/0112014 • 01/3112014 
Important Arbitration Disclosures (continued) 
• 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents. witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
• 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least 20 days prior to 
the first scheduled hearing date. 
• 
The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
• 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases. a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
• 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this agreement. 
Important Arbitration Agreement 
Any controversy between you and Pershing Lie shall be submitted to arbitration before the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. No person shall bring a putative or certified class action to arbitration. nor seek 
to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action, who is a member of a putative class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any 
claims encompassed by the putative class action until; (I) the class certification is denied; (II) the class is decertified; or (III) the cient is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to enforce an 
agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to the extent stated herein. The laws of the State of New York govern. 
Pershing's contact information is as follows: Pershing LLC; Legal Department; One Pershing Plaza; Jersey City, New Jersey 07399; (201)413-3330. 
Page 23 of 23 
POI CO24 POMO 016 
.-.ntil.cur 
Account Number. N4041231304 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Rat•J Urcall•nt 
Go 
paperles.s 
Ynwt 4,A ge0w 
ASK Altotri EaaWYNY 
Cvki.SA4 RATED COMMIJNICATONS 
EXCELW4CE 
.0.•Tessr..tas setenyr i t
....
lia • vaslinmtrooser 
Non. ate 'swam rte. pc. sr u+c 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109888 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256072 
EFTA01452704

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452705.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109889 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256073 
EFTA01452705

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452706.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
;  
To: 
• Amanda Kirby I 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cothron
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith I 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC as at 24 Feb 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140224_20140225_1.pdf; 182298_20140224_20140225_1.csv 
Valuations System ivaluations.system@db.comj 
2/24/2014 5:46:06 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Rank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_2309.pdf 
182298_20140224_20140225_1 
54087607 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109892 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256076 
EFTA01452706

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452707.pdf
----------------------------------------
rig" 
e an 
SOUTHERN FINAN 
Request 182298 
t, 
As of 24 Feb 14 
  ri.77-73:77-nmermin 
Feb 2014 
Pap 2 Of 2 
ONRiWw Bork AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FtEurcepl 
21-Nor-2013 
20410%42014 
25-tlov-2014 
(1.200200) 
USD 
101,000,000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
101 0003 
(40.07280 
710423459 
366364436/ 
710423461 
366364436l 
710423463 
366364436/ 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHF_RN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
FXOneBanDneT 
outhOpl 
FXOneBarOneT 
ouchOpl 
FXOnef3anDneT 
ouchOpl 
21-Nov-2013 
21-N0/.2013 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
20-Nov-2014 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.00090) 
(21,(IX CO) 
(21(A021 
USD 
USD 
USD 
JPY 
JPY 
PY 
LONG 
LONG 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
0.020 
0.0000 
1348053 
11,61661 
9,93988 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FtEuroOpl 
17-Jan-2014 
17.A4x.2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10,00000000) 
USD 
11.coosoo CO 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
'.480:11 541 
737154817 
FNANCIAL. LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarEuto 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(1020.200D) 
USD 
11,300,00000 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1,1300 
25.48405 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
CPI 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FkuroOpl 
31-Jan-2014 
01-May-2014 
07-May-2014 
(1020.20.2) 
USD 
1.025.000,000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALI. 
102 523 
t144..`,2iiilt 
745230311 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(272 1.,. -• 9(;: 
ToW: 
(272.149.95) 
Statement ID : 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is prowled subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109894 
SDNY_GM_00256078 
EFTA01452707

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452708.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/25/2014 2:13:17 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140225 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/24/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,750,617.20 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
218,959.74 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
260,699.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,193.99 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
173,270.45 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
171,720.37 
NES, LLC 
D 
276,217.27 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,975,184.27 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/24/14 
ACC-
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
PLAN D, LLC 
250,000.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109896 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256080 
EFTA01452708

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452709.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Fw: SOF III New York Client Event March 3 [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
can you get the invite so we can send to group of folks 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
rrrrr 
Forwarded by Paul Morris/db/dbcom on 02/24/2014 09:54 AM 
From: 
Andrew Gallivan/db/dbcom 
To: 
USPWM Private Banker New York, 
Date: 
02/21/2014 01:31 PM 
Subject: 
SOF III New York Client Event march 3 [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As has been discussed at our various meetings recently SOFIII is an important 
offering for DB this year. Ben Pace has also discussed its attractiveness as 
an investment especially for investors who want to invest at a point further 
along the 3 Curve for returns that exist with Private Equity Investments. 
Given all of the above it is incumbent upon all of us to identifj, clients in 
our books who should get exposure to this investment. There is a luncheon on 
Monday March 3 which is a great opportunity for clients to get a more in depth 
understanding of the fund. As of today we have no clients who are attending 
this event. Please focus on this over the next couple of days and develop a 
list of names for this event which can be approved so that invites can go out 
early next week. 
Thank you in advance for your attention to this. 
Regards, 
Andrew 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10287.gif) 
Andrew Gallivan 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17573.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109898 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256082 
EFTA01452709

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452710.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109900 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256084 
EFTA01452710

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452711.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109901 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256085 
EFTA01452711

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452712.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109902 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256086 
EFTA01452712

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452713.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: 
2/25/2014 10:31:35 AM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby [ 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: SOF Ill New York Client Event March 3 
[II 
Attachments: pic02056.gif; pic26903.gif; pic16806.git pic26926.gif; pic12712.gif; pic25334.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Approved 
Regards, 
Andrew 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02056.gif) 
Andrew Gallivan 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26903.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
To: 
Andrew Gallivan 
Cc: 
Paul Morri 
Date: 
02/25/2014 10:06 AM 
Subject: 
Fw: SOF III New York Client Event March 3 [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Andrew, 
Paul would like toe extend invitations to the below clients/prospects. Please 
approve. 
Also, will the invitation be forwarded to us so that we can send? 
Richard Simon 
Arun Alagappan 
John Halleran 
Peter Gaslow 
Budd GOldman 
sunil Jain 
Judy Kelly 
Marvin Shanker 
Charles Britton 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Chris Workman 
Dill Ayres 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109903 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256087 
EFTA01452713

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452714.pdf
----------------------------------------
As has been discussed at our various meetings recently SOFIII is an important 
offering for DB this year. Ben Pace has also discussed its attractiveness as 
an investment especially for investors who want to invest at a point further 
along the 3 Curve for returns that exist with Private Equity Investments. 
Given all of the above it is incumbent upon all of us to identify clients in 
our books who should get exposure to this investment. There is a luncheon on 
monday march 3 which is a great opportunity for clients to get a more in depth 
understanding of the fund. As of today we have no clients who are attending 
this event. Please focus on this over the next couple of days and develop a 
list of names for this event which can be approved so that invites can go out 
early next week. 
Thank you in advance for your attention to this. 
Regards, 
Andrew 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12712.gif) 
Andrew Gallivan 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic2S334.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109905 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256089 
EFTA01452714

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452715.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109910 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256094 
EFTA01452715

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452716.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
201410:51:20 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
dario and epstein [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi, when are you all available to visit him? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109912 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256096 
EFTA01452716

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452717.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vinit Sahni( 
Sent: 
2/25/2014 1
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Subject: 
Re: dario and epstein [I] 
Attachments: pic26034.gif; pic27255.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
I am in NY March 10th can see him then 
Best 
Vinit 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26034.gif) 
Vinit Sahni 
Managing Director I Global Head - Professional Client Group & Key client 
Partners capital Markets Group 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
105/108 old Broad St (Pinners Hall), 
EC2N lEN London, United Kingdom 
Tel. 
Mobil 
Emai 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAwm Key client Partners 
("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its 
affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended 
recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment 
advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by 
MiFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks associated with 
any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All 
trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals 
prior to execution. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic27255.gif) 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/. 
To: 
Date: 
25/02/2014 15:51 
Subject: 
dario and epstein [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi, when are you all available to visit him? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York 
office• 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109913 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256097 
EFTA01452717

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452718.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date: 
02/25/2014 12:58 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: MXN Spot Rate on the January Monthly Statement [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks Josie - That is a completely irrelevant number to the clients' 
transactions. why does it need to be included at all? why can't they make 
their totals in various currencies (ie USD and MXN in this case)? 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22930.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26146.gif) 
From: 
Josie Hall4IIIIIII 
To: 
zbynek Kozelsky/ 
, Tazia smith 
Cc: 
Howard s Allen 
Date: 
02/25/2014 12:03 PM 
subject: 
Fw: MXN spot Rate on the January Monthly Statement (I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Ziggy and Tazia, 
J heard back from Roy Kelly at Pershing concerning our questions on your 
customer's January Monthly Statement. Pershing uses the "end of day" price 
from the day before settlement date. For the buy trade they used EOD 1/15 and 
the sell trade they used EOD 1/28. Both of our FX Spot transactions were 
executed on the same trade date as the bonds. 
Thoughts? 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic00845.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20646.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109918 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256102 
EFTA01452718

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452719.pdf
----------------------------------------
Josie M. Hall 
vice President 
One South Street 
Baltimore MD 21202-3201 
Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown 
A Division of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Fax 
Forwarded by Josie Hall/db/dbcom on 02/25/2014 11:53 AM 
From: 
To: 
cc: 
Date: 
02/24/2014 04:27 PM 
Subject: 
MXN Spot Rate on the January Monthly Statement [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Greg, 
This is what I was calling you about. The below statement page is for account 
N4G-023804. The customer is questioning the differences in the FX rate. The 
green highlighted lines are the FX currency trade done by DB. The yellow 
highlighted lines are the non-dollar bonds executed by 06. The orange 
highlighted lines are the exchange rate provided by Pershing. 
Need to know how Pershing arrives at the exchange rate. I also attached an 
email from one of our SA showing Bloomberg screens for both trade dates. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29118.gif) 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
02/24/2014 12:39 PM 
Subject: 
MXN 
 [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Ziggy - As discussed, see averages and interday activity of the peso vs. USD 
below. I have no idea where pershing got those 13.1733 and 13.3119 numbers 
but I am absolutely focused on confirming (and reconciling, should need be) 
for Jeffrey. 
Thank You! 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19457.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14788.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109919 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256103 
EFTA01452719

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452720.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06981.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21786.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12417.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22471.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30964.gif) 
Zbynek Kozel sky 
Director I Branch Administrative Manager 
Key Client Partners - Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
MIN 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17943.gif) 
 Forwarded by Zbynek Kozelsky/db/dbcom on 02/24/2014 03:18 PM 
From: 
Tazia Smith 
To: 
zbynek Kozel sky 
Cc: 
Date: 
02/24/2014 11:56 AM 
Subject: 
Roporting Issue (I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Ziggy - 
Epstein's team is concerned by the reporting as it relates to FX denomhinated 
debt. Please see transaction summary on page 17 of the attached. Client says 
it looks as though the DB owes the client 444k. I believe the explanation is 
that Pershing is noting an MXN spot that is not accurate to precise time of 
trade, a spot price that is only there for USD summary purposes, and not 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109920 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256104 
EFTA01452720

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452721.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109923 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256107 
EFTA01452721

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452722.pdf
----------------------------------------
IUSD/MXN 02/27/2014 13.213:13.215 
Sco0tce BGN 
As of 02/25/2014 
tiSDi I IXN BGN Curnc 
95) Save As 
Actions - 
EVIRMI IMMO" IMP' 
:1:15/2014 
D 
3D 
1M 
6M 
YTD 
1Y 
SY 
Max 
Daily 
97) Edit - 
Table 
Line Chart 
Compare 
• 
,Ixgs 
ORMMr%
a 
r,s.; Security/Study 
'I Event 
• Last Price 
13.198  
± Track 1Annotate 
74: News 
C Zoom 
T High on 01/15/14 13.198 
,-'''' 
.--
-4*- Average 
13.144 
,---
Low on 01/14/14 13.090 
....-----' 
...- 
..-------- 
13.198 
0'13.180 
13.160 
► 13.140 
► 13.120 
0-13.100 
Jan 2014 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109926 
SDNY_GM_00256110 
EFTA01452722

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452723.pdf
----------------------------------------
USD/MXN 02/27/2014 13.213/13.216 Source BGN 
As of 02/25/2014 
"
95) Save As 
iC 
ID 
3D 
ill 
• Last Price 
13.2572 
' 
T High on 01/27/14 13.3660 
-4' Average 
13.3116 
.1. Low on 01/28/14 13.2572 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109927 
SDNY_GM_00256111 
EFTA01452723

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452724.pdf
----------------------------------------
• • Amp • 
~•••••••• pr... 
• 
• ••• 
Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Roan: 
Irate' 
Sertlecnrai 
Iramachan 
Statement Period. 01/01/2014 - 01/31/2014 
Cite 
fur 
444v44 4444 
Orhigann 
Gwen 
Pit 
And IMPS 
IYwA Carrian 
Securities Bought and Sold ta,var~ 
01/15/14 
0110/14 
SOW 
IMORGAN CHASE & CO 
6000%09/01/83 B/E DTD 
-750,000.000 
.6250 
20.75000 
745.431.50 
USD 
IPM403173 
0739/13 
omsna 
0113/14 
PURCHASED 
FOUNDATION MEDICINE NC COM AVERAGE UNI1 
25,000 000 
4463 
-687.66350 
USD 
FMI 
TRANSACTION YOUR BROKER ACTED AS AGENT 
01/16/14 
01/14114 
PURCHASED 
MEXICAN PESO 
39253,441 Ø 
130975 I 
-1,997,017.82 
USD 
01116114 
01/14n4 
PURCHASED 
UNITED VEX STATES 7 ail% BONOS 2011-13.11.42 
380,000.000 
1026957 
-229,055.56 
-39,253.44102 
MXN 
P4ROCRE K5 
ISIN4MMIMG00000R8 0.000% 11/13/42 REG DID 12/22/11 
-17.387.86 
-2,979,772.79 
USD 
AS Of 01/414 VW -.094 !DMA! 
01/23.14 
01/17/14 
SOLD 
DEUTSCHE BK AG LONDON BRU D8 AGRIC DOUBLE LONG 
-13.866.000 
6.8022 
93.479.70 
USD 
DAG 
TRADED NE UNSa. AVERAGE UMI PRICE TRAt4SACIION 
YOUR BROKER ACTED AS AGENT 
0112814 
01;23114 
SOLD 
DEUTSCHE BK AG LONDON BØ4 DO AGRIC DOUBLE LONG 
4000.000 
68100 
31843.40 
USD 
DAG 
TRADED NT LINSOL. AVERAGE UNIT PRICE. TRANSACTION 
TOUR BROKER ACTED AS AGENT 
01+28/14 
0123+14 
PURCHASED 
SANTANDER CONSUMER USA Ill DGS INC COM PROSPECTUS 
1,000» 
0000 
-24.000.00 
USD 
SC 
UNDER SEPARATE COVER 
01/29/4 
01(27.14 
SOLD 
MEXICAN PESO 
-38,199,653100 
13.4415 
2,841,918.91 
USD 
01/2914 
01.2714 
SOW 
UNITED MEX STATESTY416801405 2011:1111.42 
-Ø,O07000 
595427 
5.402.773 
38,199.653 10 MXN 
P4170t
E KS 
ISIN.MX0MC00000R8 0000% 11/13142 REG DM 12/22/11 
26,195.71 
2,869,586.84 
USD 
AS 04 On27/14  
Total Securities Bought and Sold 
MEXICAN PESO 
106,347.22 
-1053,787.91 ION 
TOTAL USD E OUIVAI ENT 
7,807.85 
110.185.9S 
USD 
STATES DOLLAR 
26.875.00 
3.625.906.17 
USD 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256 1 12 
DB-SDNY-0 109928 
EFTA01452724

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452725.pdf
----------------------------------------
MXN 
At 12:10 
Op 13.2719 
13.2940 
Lc 
BGN 13.2006 / 13.2023 BGN 
13.2008 
Close 13.2648 
Value 02/26/14 
MXN BGN Curnc 
98) Time Ranges 
Actions 
• 100 
- MIN 
Calculation 
eedbac 
rr 
00:00 
01/14/14 El- Price Filter 
Bloomber 
Definition 
ri! 
23:30 
01.1/14 
Vol Filter 
Amount 
@ Part% 
Bloomberg 
Cu stom 
100000 
90000 
80000 
70000 
60000 
50000 
40000 
300(X) 
20000 
10000 
_ .... 
.... 
•
• 
iontrage Price I 
Trades 
13.1007 
543,303 
13.1007 
543,303 
Bid Traits 
II Mid Trades 
Ask Trades 
■ Avg Price 
..... 
MP, 
..... 
0.013383 
0.013383 
13.0600 
13.0700 
13.0800 
0900 
13.1000 
13.1100 
13.1200 
13.1300 
13.1.4%) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109929 
SDNY_GM_00256113 
EFTA01452725

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452726.pdf
----------------------------------------
MXN 
T 13.2034 
.C614 
EGN 13.2024/13.2044 BGN 
At 12:11 Op 13.2719 
Hi 13.2940 
Lo 13.2008 
Close 13.2648 
Value 02/26/14 
ns 
Price Filter MEM - 
c alcuiation 
O 
Vol Filter 
Amount 
23:30 
ralculation 
Bloomberg 
Custom 
01'27/14 
i 
Interva 
45000  
0.005 
Top Trades (A R) 
Type Trades 
Average Pricer 
13.4222 
13.4222 
Price Chart (VAP) 
VWAP 
In 2! 
Btoomber. Definition 
rrattesr 
627,016 
627,016 
Price Table (ISM) 
SW Dew 
0.045661 
0.045661 
j;:i Part% 
Bid Trades 
II Mid Trades 
Ask Trades 
II Avg Price
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109930 
SDNY_GM_00256114 
EFTA01452726

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452727.pdf
----------------------------------------
MXN 1 1-- 
---- 
BGN 13.2033 /13.2052 BGN 
At 12:05 
2,1: 13.2719 
Hi 13.2940 
Lo 13.2012 
Close 13.2648 
Value 02/26/14 
95) Save As 
9t) Actions 
97) Edit 
- 
latra day Cha 
- EMI liEMIIIIIIIIII 
YTD 
Y 
01/14/2014 
"ar 
Tick v 
Track 
Annotate 
 News 
fl• MXN BGN Curncy 
13.0900 
T High on 01/14 07:10 13.1444 . 
-÷" Average 
13.0955 
Low on 01/14 10:36 13.0605 - --
Prey Close  
13.0851 ... 
"I Eve- 
O 
13.15 
13.1 
20:00 
00:00 
04:00 
08:00 
12:00 
16:00 
Jan 2014 
13.13 
13.12 
13.11 
13.1 
3.09C 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0109931 
SDNY_GM_00256115 
EFTA01452727

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452728.pdf
----------------------------------------
MXN 1 1:3. 7046 
' 
BGN 13.2037 /13.2056 BGN 
At 12:05 
Op 13.2719 
-I i 13.2940 
Lo 13.2012 Close 13.2648 
Value 02/26/14 
MXN BGN Curac 
95) Save As 
Actions 
idritlinir 
Ma --MI Trade 
ill :1 compare 
MXN 
:,, 
,—: 
'3*( 
Tick T 
.. 
4.: 
.x:: ,- N;ST 
v 
"I Event -r"""1:, 
: 
Track 
/ Annotate 
!-, News 
D., Zoom 
01/25/2014 
<WV/ 20 14 
Il
II MXN BGN Curncy 
13.3660 
T High on 01/27 05:25 13.5249 
-4-Average 
13.4331 
Low on 01/27 15:17 13.3443 
II Prey Close  
13.4600 
20:00 
00:00 
04:00 
08:00 
12:00 
Jan 2014 
13.4500 
13.4000 
13.3660 
13.3500 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109932 
SDNY_GM_00256116 
EFTA01452728

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452729.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109934 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256118 
EFTA01452729

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452730.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
;  
To: 
; Amanda Kirby ( 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cothron
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith I 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL U.0 as at 25 Feb 2014 • Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140225_20140226_1.pdf; 182298_20140225_20140226_1.csv 
Valuations System 
2/25/2014 5:09:44 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Bank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. 
Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.con/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_MOrch_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.con/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140225_20140226_1 
54154924 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256123 
DB-SDNY-0 109939 
EFTA01452730

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452731.pdf
----------------------------------------
Feb 2014 
Page 
Of 2 
Deutsche Barn AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
DI • Options 
Settlement 
Not. Ccy 
Not Coy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long) Short 
Option Style 
Put/ Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
SOUTHERN 
FxEurcCpl 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(LOCO COD 03: 
USD 
101.030.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
Ix:YR 1-.1: 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
FXOneBanDneT 
otchOpt 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUICPEAN 
0.0003 
13.98986 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
FXOneSarOneT 
ouchOpt 
21-No/-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21,M0 00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
12.072 91 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
FXOneganOneT 
ouchOpt 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000 WI 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EURCPEAN 
0.0000 
10.341 53 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuroOpt 
17-Jan-2014 
17-A4x-2014 
21-A4x-2014 
(10.CCO.CO3 CO) 
USD 
momCO 
CAD 
SHORT 
El-RCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
,1f0.5' 4 87) 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
EXOneBarEuto 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-*-2014 
(10.COD.00O OD) 
USD 
11.300,000 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.13e0 
24.523 74 
F INANCIAL, LLC 
OPI 
SOUTHERN 
FkutoOpt 
31-Jan-2014 
01-May-2014 
07-May-2014 
?KIP:0.320.03j 
USD 
1.025.000,000 
,FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1025000 
(I A443 25) 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(258 ,:i8? 02: 
1.4101; 
(258.887.02) 
Statement ID : 
The valuation Information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109941 
SDNY_GM_00256125 
EFTA01452731

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452732.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Tazia Smith 
2/25/2014 8:59:16 PM 
Vahe Stepanian 
Paul Morris 
Classification: For internal use only 
FYI only....WOR and Pannasonic were both on our Buy list for JE....energy 
renaissance and japan basket, respectively. 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith 
on 02/25/2014 08:58 PM  
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
StreetAccount 
Tazia Smith 
02/25/2014 08:49 PM 
SA: [Japanese, Australian, South Korean mid-morning stocks trading higher/lower] 
20:48 ET 2/25/14 [StreetAccount] StreetAccount Summary - Japanese, Australian, 
South Korean mid-morning stocks trading higher/lower 
Nikkei (0.3%), S&P ASX 200 +0.1%, 
Trading Higher: 
+6.8% WOR.AU (worleyParsons Ltd.) -- earnings (link) 
+5.8% 6752.JP (Panasonic) -- in talks with Tesla Motors 
build lithium-ion-battery facility in U.S 
+4.7% QBE.AU (QBE Insurance Group Ltd.) 
+4.3% RHC.AU (Ramsay Health Care Ltd.) 
+3.3% WHC.AU (whitehaven Coal Ltd.) --
+3.3% 7936.JP (ASKS Corp.) 
+3.0% 9613.7P (NTT Data) 
+2.9% LEI.AU (Leighton Holdings) 
+2.6% 6268.3P (Nabtesco Corp.) 
+2.2% QAN.Au (Qantas) 
Trading Lower: 
-3.9% LLC.AU (Lend Lease Group) -- earnings (link) 
-3.8% RRL.AU (Regis Resources Ltd.) -- COO resigns (link) 
-3.8% 004020.KS (Hyundai Steel Co.) -- profitability outlook 
-3.4% 2371.3P (Kakaku.com, Inc.) 
-2.7% 3632.JP (GREE, Inc.) 
-2.7% FMG.AU (Fortescue Metals) 
-2.5% RMD.AU (ResMed) 
-2.1% MTU.AU (M2 Telecommunications 
we're told 
-2.0% 7453.3P (Ryohin 
told 
-1.7% 
KOSPI (0.2%) 
earnings (link) 
(TSLA) to 
(link 
Group Ltd.) -- CLSA downgrade, 
Keikaku Co., Ltd.) -- Daiwa downgrade, we're 
9697.3P (CAPCOM Co., Ltd.) -- Jefferies downgrade 
StreetAccount alert for portfolio(s): 
• 
Epstein Energy (TSLA, WOR.AU) 
• 
Epstein Japan (6752.JP)contact us: re l to this email with questions, 
comments, or corrections, or call us at 
website: www.streetaccount.com I Download StreetAccount for ios from the App 
Store 
copyright (C) 2014 streetAccount LLC I POB 13453, Jackson wv 83002 I 
1445248.635284998961328 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256127 
DB-SDNY-0 109943 
EFTA01452732

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452733.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109944 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256128 
EFTA01452733

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452734.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/25/2014 9:35:11 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein [jeevatation@gmail.com] 
Subject: 
lb loan follow-up [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, let me know how you want to manage, the items I'll need were listed 
in term sheet but happy to resend but a personal financial statement is good 
place to start, tax returns, list of potential collateral, let me know good 
time to talk, we should think about a mtg with our ceo, you and leon, i want 
to get you proper exposure 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109945 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256129 
EFTA01452734

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452735.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140226 
2/26/2014 2:13:36 AM 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/25/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,739,466.36 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
192,511.24 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
218,959.74 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
260,699.94 
JEGE, LLC 
286,193.99 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
173,270.45 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
171,720.37 
NES, LLC 
275,850.18 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,975,184.27 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/25/14 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
ACCT # 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
100,067.00 INCOMING MONEY TRN 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109946 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256130 
EFTA01452735

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452736.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/26/2014 2:53:50 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Rmbs color [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Rich, I tried je , let's connect on these. Thx 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109947 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256131 
EFTA01452736

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452737.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
;  
To: 
; Amanda Kirby ( 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cothron
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith l 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL It.0 as at 26 Feb 2014 • Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140226_20140227_1.pdf; 182298_20140226_20140227_1.csv 
Valuations System I. 
2/26/2014 6:24:59 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. 
Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_statement_-_EmiR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140226_20140227_1 
54222484 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256132 
DB-SDNY-0 109948 
EFTA01452737

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452738.pdf
----------------------------------------
st? 
e an 
SOUTHERN FINAN 
Request 182298 
t, 
As of 26 Feb 14 
17—  CIFL: 
rn! 
Fth 2014 
Page 
Of 2 
Osubchs SankAO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FtEurcepl 
21-Nov-2013 
2040%42014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1.003003 00) 
USD 
101.030.000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
:i.e,cl -<,: Ii 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBanDneT 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000(0) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUICPEAN 
0.0000 
823 83 
710423461 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
outhOpl 
366364436l 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarOneT 
21-Nw.2013 
2011ov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21,(IX 00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
1191641 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOnef3aeOneT 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25.Nov.2014 
(21.000 WI 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EtRCPEAN 
0.0000 
191 31 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
377817895i 
SOUTHERN 
FtEuroOpl 
17-Jan-2014 
17.A4x.2014 
21.4r-2014 
(10,0000(0 00) 
USD 
town oo 
CAD 
SHORT 
El-RCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
(162641 08i 
737154817 
FINANCIAL LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarEuro 
17-lan.2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(100000(000) 
USD 
11,300,00000 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1,1300 
24.670 50 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
Cpl 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FkuroOpl 
31-Jan-2014 
01-May-2014 
07-May-2014 
(10.0:0.320.R 
USD 
1.025.000,000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALI. 
1025000 
(132:25007) 
745230311 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
Subtotal: 
(273.25081) 
Tow: 
(273.250.81) 
Statement ID : 1822,98_20140226_20140227_1 
The valuation Information set forth in this statement is prowled subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109950 
SDNY_GM_00256134 
EFTA01452738

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452739.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 2:33:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140227 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/26/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,646,866.12 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
192,511.24 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
218,959.74 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
260,699.94 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,193.99 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
173,557.73 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
171,646.24 
NES, LLC 
274,361.02 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,975,188.85 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109952 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256136 
EFTA01452739

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452740.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 8. : 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Vinit Sahni 
Vahe Stepanian (DEUTSCHE BANK SECURI) 
Subject: 
Epstein [C] 
classification: Confidential 
Do we have any trade ideas for him? Thx 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109953 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256137 
EFTA01452740

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452741.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vinit Sahni 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 8:33:46 AM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Tazia Smith 
Vahe Stepanian (DEUTSCHE BANK SECURI} 
Nay Gupta 
Subject: 
Re: Epstein (C) 
We'll send u some soon 
vi nit 
> On 27 Feb 2014, at 13:20, "Paul Norris" 
wrote: 
> 
> Classification: Confidential 
> 
• Do we have any trade ideas for him? Thx 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109954 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00258138 
EFTA01452741

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452742.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 8:50:37 AM 
To: 
Vinit Sahni I 
; Paul Morris 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian (DEUTSCHE BANK SECURI) 
Subject: 
Re: Epstein (CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Team! 
Nay Gupta 
vinit - so you know, 7E does have a bunch of our favorite Global KCP Cap Mkts 
ideas in front of him. would love him to come back to us on those, great if we 
reiterate 
Paul - Did he pass on all 5 pages and highlights that we showed him Friday? 
Loved those ideas - that energy basket is a rockstar right now, have you seen 
shares of Pannasonic on the back of TSLA news? There was such a great window 
for that Eurostoxx/Russell note, and the Asset manager structure is so 
compelling. would love to hear feedback if you have additional color from 
him. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
 original message  
From: vinit Sahni 
sent: 02/27/2014 01:33 PM GMT 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Tazia Smith; "Vah
ialai
r
K SECURI)" 
Subject: Re: Epstein [C] 
Well send u some soon 
vinit 
> On 27 Feb 2014, at 13:20, "Paul Morris" 
wrote: 
> 
• Classification: Confidential 
> 
• Do we have any trade ideas for him? Thx 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109955 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256139 
EFTA01452742

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452743.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 9:03:45 AM 
To: 
Tazia Smith [
Vinit Sahni 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian (DEUTSCHE BANK SECURI) [ 
Subject: 
Re: Epstein (CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Thx did not get any color from him but will call this am 
 Original Message  
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 02/27/2014 08:50 AM EST 
To: vinit Sahni; Paul Morris 
Cc: "vahe Stepanian (DEUTSCHE BANK SECURI)" 
Gupta 
Subject: Re: Epstein [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Team! 
Nay Gupta [ 
; may 
Vinit - So you know, )E does have a bunch of our favorite Global KCP Cap Mkts 
ideas in front of him, would love him to come back to us on those, great if we 
reiterate 
Paul - Did he pass on all S pages and highlights that we showed him Friday? 
Loved those ideas - that energy basket is a rockstar right now, have you seen 
shares of Pannasonic on the back of TSLA news? There was such a great window 
for that Eurostoxx/Russell note, and the Asset Manager structure is so 
compelling. would love to hear feedback if you have additional color from 
him. 
Tazia smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
34S Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
 Original Message  
From: Vinit Sahni 
Sent: 02/27/2014 01:33 PM GMT 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Tazia Smith; "Vahe Stepanian (DEUTSCHE BANK SECURI)" 
; Nam Gupta 
Su Ject: Re: Epstein [C] 
we'll send u some soon 
vinit 
> on 27 Feb 2014, at 13:20, "Paul Morris" 
wrote: 
> 
• classification: confidential 
> Do we have any trade ideas for him? Thx 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109956 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256140 
EFTA01452743

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452744.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109957 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256141 
EFTA01452744

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452745.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 9:36:54 AM 
To: 
Vinit Sahni 
CC: 
Nay Gupta 
Tazia Smith 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Re: Epstein ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
i left him a message to do a call later today or tomorrow am 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
vinit Sahni 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Cc: 
Tazia Smith 
Nay Gupta 
Date: 
02/27/2014 08:33 AM 
subject: 
Re: Epstein [c] 
we'll send u some soon 
Vinit 
> on 27 Feb 2014, at 13:20, "Paul Morris" 
> 
• Classification: Confidential 
> 
• Do we have any trade ideas for him? Thx 
"vahe Stepanian (DEUTSCHE BANK SECURI)" 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109958 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256142 
EFTA01452745

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452746.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vinit Sahni 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 10:15:32 AM 
To: 
Paul Morn 
CC: 
Nay Gupta 
Subject: 
Re: Epstein 
Attachments: pic10107.gif; pic24716.gif 
classification: confidential 
Tazia Smith 
ahe Stepanian 
cool...Tazia, Nay and I are talking all the time, ready for the call. we have 
one more idea which looks good, Tazia sending to Jeffrey. 
Best 
Vinit 
(Embedded image moved to file: pi c10107. g i f) 
vinit sahni 
managing Di rector I Global Head - Professional client Group & Key client 
Partners capital markets Group 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
105/108 O1d Broad St (Pinners Hall), 
EC2N lEN London, united Kingdom 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the peAtum Key client Partners 
("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its 
affiliates ("08"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended 
recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment 
advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by 
miFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks associated with 
any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All 
trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals 
prior to execution. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24716.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109959 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256143 
EFTA01452746

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452747.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109961 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256145 
EFTA01452747

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452748.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11851.gif) 
From: 
Paul Morris 
To: 
Date: 
25/02/2014 15:51 
subject: 
dario and epstein [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi, when are you all available to visit him? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109963 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256147 
EFTA01452748

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452749.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109964 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256148 
EFTA01452749

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452750.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Moms: 
To: 
Date: 
25,02,2014 15:51 
Subject: 
dado and epstein (I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi, when are you all available to visit him? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109967 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256151 
EFTA01452750

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452751.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 5:07:53 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Classification: Public 
thanks, no prob 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
From. 
Lesley Groff 
To. 
Paul Morris/dbiS 
Date 
02/27i201405:02 PM 
Subject 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Paul...unfortunately, I never heard back from Jeffrey today regarding a call with you, 
Tazia and Vinet...I will follow up again with him tomorrow. 
Lesley 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109968 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256152 
EFTA01452751

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452752.pdf
----------------------------------------
Office: 
Cell: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109973 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256157 
EFTA01452752

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452753.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris
Sent: 
2/27/2014 5:39:26 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: follow-up call [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
ill confirm with Lesley, 10 should work, we tried today, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New Y 
Offic 
Cell: 
From: 
To. 
Date: 
Subµrt: 
Jeffrey Epstein -rjeevacatioregmall.coms 
Paul MoirisidlsedbcomODBAMERICAS, 
02/27/2014 05:10 PM 
Re: follow-up call (C) 
Yes 
On Thursday, February 27, 2014, Paul Morris < 
Classification: Confidential 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, do you have a little time in the morning to get on phone with us? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109974 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256158 
EFTA01452753

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452754.pdf
----------------------------------------
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109975 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00258159 
EFTA01452754

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452755.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 5:51:43 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian 
; Vinit Sahni I 
Nav Gupta 
Subject: 
Re: follow-up call [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
how about 10 tomorrow? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NV 10154 
From: 
Tazia Smith 
To: 
Paul Morris 
cc: 
Vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom@OSAmericas 
Date: 
02/27/2014 05:29 PM 
Subject: 
Re: follow-up call [C] 
classification: confidential 
9.30-12 ET 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
From: Paul Morris 
sent: 02/27/2014 05:12 PM EST 
To: Vinit Sahni; Tazia Smith 
cc: Vahe stepanian 
subject: Fw: follow-up call (c] 
, Vinit Sahni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109976 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256160 
EFTA01452755

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452756.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: Confidential 
what works with you all? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com] 
sent: 02/27/2014 06:10 PM AST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: follow-up call (C] 
Yes 
on Thursday, February 27, 2014, Paul Morris 
Classification: Confidential 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, do you have a little time in the morning to get on phone with us? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office 
Cell: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
flirOAOfregRfete*IviVilefleftiviv************tafeti*itaft*****ftkVitiiroftltiffrtikofttr 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109977 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256161 
EFTA01452756

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452757.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/27/2014 51/1 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Je rey Epstein 
Classification: Public 
hi i connected with je, looking to do a call in the a.m., targeting 10 and will confirm with you in the a.m., thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
To. 
Paul Morris/d 
Dale: 
02/27/2014 05bil
ia
linall
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Paul—unfortunately, I never heard back from Jeffrey today regarding a call with you, 
Tazia and Vinet...I will follow up again with him tomorrow. 
Lesley 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109978 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256162 
EFTA01452757

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452758.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
; Joseph Cothron 
Paul Morris 
Smith 
1; Vahe Stepanian I 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL lit as at 27 Feb 2014 • Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140227_20140228_1.pdf; 182298_20140227_20140228_1.csv 
Valuations System [ 
2/27/2014 6:49:01 PM 
Amanda Kirby 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
; Tazia 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. 
Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_statement_-_EmiR_Language_2309.pdf 
182298_20140227_20140228_1 
54291120 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109979 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256163 
EFTA01452758

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452759.pdf
----------------------------------------
e an 
raup 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LL 
Request 
As of 27 Feb 14 
Deutsche Bank AG 
For Sales Ingukles Contact 
Tazia Smith (Tell 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY (TerJ 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
To: 
Jabwcpa Gmail (Email 
T,11, creak ID,,,k1) 
Fx Rates: 
USD/EUR = 7308872972 
Tr17ffirrzr.":77: -
Harrybeller Gina' (Email) 
ID, I Linn, 
(Crn,P1) 
Gedeon Pinedo (Email) 
Vahe Stepanian (Email) Joseph 
Cothron (Email) 
A IVI•IMA 
Ifirky (Cm,' 
Feb 2014 
Page 1 Of 2 
Note:-All Values are shown from the DE1 Group's point of view. A negative Value therefore expresses an amount which is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in 0B Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
Deutsche Bank Group ("DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instrument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model prices, external sources, market prices and/or DB's internal books and records prices. Valuations may be adjusted to take into account market, liquidity. credit. 
operational or other risks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally 
always decline over time, as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including those containing Premium Adjustments, may not 
represent the 'elms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with DB. DB may change its valuation methodology and the related 
adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different assumptions or calculated using other 
methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. My subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuation. This difference can be less favourable to 
you, and due to the volatility of market conditions. the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors. the differential could be substantial. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in calculating or disseminating valuations, or 
for any inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies, adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that are either used or relied upon by you or any 
other party for any reason including, without limitation, your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109980 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256164 
EFTA01452759

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452760.pdf
----------------------------------------
T 
e an 
SOUTHERN FINAN 
Request 182298 
t, 
As of 27 Feb 14 
P7777:5777.7 
Feb 2014 
Pape 2 O(2 
O•utedle Bork AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
3663644D5r 
SOUTHERN 
FxEurral 
21-Nor-2013 
20.Nov.2014 
25-tlov-2014 
(1,000.000.00) 
USD 
101,000,000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
101 0003 
(3829662) 
710423459 
3663644361 
710423461 
366364436l 
710423463 
3663644361 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
FXOneBarOneT 
ouchOpl 
FXOne8arOneT 
ouchOpl 
FXOnel3mOneT 
ouchOpl 
21-Nov-2013 
21-No/.2013 
21-No,-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
26Nov.2014 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.00060) 
(21.0)0 00) 
(21.000 Cel 
USD 
USD 
USD 
JPY 
JPY 
JPY 
LONG 
LONG 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
0.0000 
0.0000 
1427281 
12.346 44 
10,593 69 
377817895r 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuroOpl 
17-Jan-2014 
17.A4x.2014 
21.A4x-2014 
(10.000.003 OD) 
USD 
11,000,000 .00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
(+.80.192 64) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarEuro 
17-lan.2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.CCO.00O OD) 
USD 
11.300,000 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
.13C0 
29.779 76 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
CPI 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FkuroOpl 
31-Jan-2014 
01-May-2014 
07-May-2014 
t 10.0:0.320.0.1) 
USD 
1.025600,000 
SY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALI. 
1025000 
024.74251! 
745230311 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
1282 239 23] 
Tow: 
(282,239.28) 
Statement ID : 
The valuation Information set forth in this statement is prowled subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 109981 
SDNY_GM_00256165 
EFTA01452760

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452761.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 02/27/2014 05:12 PM EST 
To: vinit Sahni; Tazia Smith 
Cc: vahe Stepanian 
Subject: Fw: follow-up call (C] 
Classification: Confidential 
what works with you all? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: 02/27/2014 06:10 PM AST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: follow-up call [C] 
Yes 
on Thursday, February 27, 2014, Paul Morris <paul.morris@db.com> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, do you have a little time in the morning to get on phone with us? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
*****Ithil*********************************************4444h* 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109984 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256168 
EFTA01452761

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452762.pdf
----------------------------------------
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109985 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256169 
EFTA01452762

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452763.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/ MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
2/28/2014 2:33:27 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140228 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/27/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,622,985.02 
DOMINI UE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
S LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
192,511.24 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
218,959.74 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
260,699.94 
JEGE, LLC 
286,096.97 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
173,557.73 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
171,646.24 
NES, LLC 
D 
274,361.02 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,975,188.85 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,233.16 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109986 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256170 
EFTA01452763

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452764.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/28/2014 6:07:56 AM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Re: follow-up call [C] 
; Paul Morris 
; Vinit Sahni [ 
; Nay Gupta 
Classification: Confidential 
No, vinit are u available this morning? 
 Original Message  
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 02/27/2014 10:57 PM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Vinit Sahni ; Nay Gupta 
Subject: Re: follow-up call [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Is this call confirmed? 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
 original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
sent: 02/27/2014 05:51 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: vahe Stepanian; Vinit Sahni; NOV Gupta 
Subject: Re: follow-up call [C] 
Classification: confidential 
how about 10 tomorrow? 
Paul Morris 
managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
From: 
Tazia Smith 
To: 
Paul Morris, 
cc: 
vahe stepania 
Date: 
02/27/2014 05:29 PM 
Subject: 
Re: follow-up call [c] 
vinit Sahni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109987 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256171 
EFTA01452764

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452765.pdf
----------------------------------------
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
frPfitt*VefritHfreffeleOfeH**Iretr***********0414.********trich*feir*lehh**irfeleft* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109989 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256173 
EFTA01452765

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452766.pdf
----------------------------------------
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0109991 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256175 
EFTA01452766

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452767.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2/28/2014 9:19:17 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein IC] 
Classification: Confidential 
ok we will sort something out, perhaps we will need to move to Monday a,m as couple of the folks are in London right 
now, let's talk later, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
From.
To.
Date: 
Subject: 
Lesley Groff 
Paul Morris 
02/28/2014 08:40 AM 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein (CI 
Paul, Jeffrey says no to 10am but maybe this afternoon. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 28, 2014, at 6:18 AM, Paul Morris <a 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Can we confirm 10 am this morning for call. Thx 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: 02/27/2014 06:02 PM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
excellent! thank you so much for letting me know. 
On Feb 27, 2014, at 5:58 PM, Paul Morris 
Classification: Public 
> wrote: 
hi i connected with je, looking to do a call in the a.m., targeting 10 and will confirm with you in the a.m., thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109992 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256176 
EFTA01452767

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452768.pdf
----------------------------------------
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office: 212-454-0701 
Cell: 917-971-2507 
From 
Lesley Groff < 
> 
To 
Paul Mar( 
Date: 
02/27/2014 05:02 PM 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Pauflunfortunately, I never heard back from Jeffrey today regarding a call with you, 
Tazia and Vinet...I will follow up again with him tomorrow. 
Lesley 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109993 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256177 
EFTA01452768

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452769.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Plan D wt to )EE 
Please confirm the attached wire transfer, 
Thank you, 
Bella 
[attachment "SKMBT_C25314022815310.pdf" deleted b Aracel Sanchez-
On Feb 28, 2014, at 3:03 PM, vahe Stepanian 
> wrote: 
Classification: confidential 
Thank you, 
vahe 
<mail Attachment.gif> 
vahe Stepanian 
Associate I wealth Investment Coverage 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 109996 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256180 
EFTA01452769

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452770.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard
Sent: 
2/28/2014 4:36:20 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Private Deutsche Bank Luncheon Featuring the SOFIll Offering 
thank you for invite however i will be unable to attend on monday 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Feb 25, 2014, at 12:40 PM, Amanda Kirby < 
vrote: 
Classification: Public 
Dear Rich, 
Please join us on Monday, March 3 for a luncheon presentation with Adam Graev, Managing Director and Head of 
Secondaries, America. Please RSVP by clicking on the link below. 
<Mail Attachment.gif,
Blackberry Text 
Please join DB Private Equity and Private Markets for a luncheon presentationSOFIII: About the Offering 
The Secondary Opportunities Fund III provides access to the private equity secondary market, 
leveraging Deutsche Bank's experienced secondary team. 
Monday, March 3, 2014 
12:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. 
Lunch will be served 
The Modern 
West 53rd Street 
New York, New York 
Presented by 
Adam Graev, Managing Director and Head of Secondaries, America. 
Please click here to RSVP 
https://registration.db.com/SOFIII2014NY
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110001 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256185 
EFTA01452770

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452771.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gif,
Amanda Kirby 
Assodate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset tlt Weed) Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0304 New York. NY, USA 
<Mail Attachment.gif,
Securd,es offered through Deutsche Sal* Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such.<New York SOFIllInyite.pdf> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110002 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00293188 
EFTA01452771

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452772.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn I 
Sent: 
2/28/2014 5:07:11 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Amanda Kirby 
Subject: 
Re: Private Deutsche Bank Luncheon Featuring the SOFIII Offering 
i would like to attend in future just a bit overwhelmed with work 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Feb 28, 2014, at 5:05 PM, Paul Morris 
wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Thx. jc doesn't do man) funds but sent it for you to get sonic Intel on the pc space 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: 02/28/2014 04:36 PM EST 
To: Amanda Kliby 
Cc: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Private Deutsche Bank Luncheon Featuring the SOFIII Offering 
thank you for invite however i will be unable to attend on monday 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Feb 25, 2014, at 12:40 PM, Amanda Kirby < 
wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Dear Rich, 
Please join us on Monday, March 3 for a luncheon presentation with Adam Graev, Managing Director and Head of 
Secondaries, America. Please RSVP by clicking on the link below. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110005 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256189 
EFTA01452772

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452773.pdf
----------------------------------------
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110007 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256191 
EFTA01452773

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452774.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
2./28/2014 5:09:42 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: Private Deutsche Bank Luncheon Featuring the SOFIII Offering 
Classification: Public 
Understood we will show u things in the future no worries 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: 02/28/2014 05:07 PM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Amanda Kirby 
Subject: Re: Private Deutsche Bank Luncheon Featuring the SOFIII Offering 
i would like to attend in future just a bit overwhelmed with work 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Feb 28, 2014, at 5:05 PM, Paul Morris <
> wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Thx, jc docsn't do man) funds but sou it for you to get somc hocd on the pc spacc 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: 02/28/2014 04:36 PM EST 
To: Amanda Kirby 
Cc: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Private Deutsche Bank Luncheon Featuring the SOFIII Offering 
thank you for invite however i will be unable to attend on monday 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Feb 25, 2014, at 12:40 PM, Amanda Kirby <I
IMINEMI> 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110008 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00258192 
EFTA01452774

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452775.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: Public 
Dear Rich, 
Please join us on Monday, March 3 for a luncheon presentation with Adam Graev, Managing Director and Head of 
Secondaries, America. Please RSVP by clicking on the link below. 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Blackberry Text 
Please join DB Private Equity and Private Markets for a luncheon presentationSOFIII: About the Offering 
The Secondary Opportunities Fund III provides access to the private equity secondary market, 
leveraging Deutsche Bank's experienced secondary team. 
Monday, March 3, 2014 
12:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m. 
Lunch will be served 
The Modern 
West 53rd Street 
New York, New York 
Presented by 
Adam Graev, Managing Director and Head of Secondaries, America. 
Please click here to RSVP 
https://registration.db.com/SOFIII2014NY 
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gir> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Securities offered through Deutsche Sank Securties Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110009 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256193 
EFTA01452775

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452776.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Valuations System 
2/28/2014 5:42:50 PM 
Joseph Cothron 
Smith 
Vahe Stepan ian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL liC as at 28 Feb 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140228_20140303_1.pdf; 182298_20140228_20140303_1.csv 
Amanda Kirby 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Paul Morris 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
l;Tazia 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Bank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. 
Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_march_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_statement_-_EmiR_Language_2309.pdf 
182298_20140228_20140303_1 
54358243 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110011 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256195 
EFTA01452776

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452777.pdf
----------------------------------------
i ,n .
e an 
SOUTHERN FINAN 
Request 182298 
t, 
As of 28 Feb 14 
rirrrir...3.... 77751 
23Feb 2014 
Pap 2 Of 2 
Deutsch* Berk AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FxEurcepl 
21-Nor-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Noy-2014 
(1.0130033 00) 
USD 
101.030.000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
: it( 2:'2 15( 
710423459 
366364436/ 
710423461 
366364436I 
710423463 
366364436/ 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
FXOneBanDneT 
owhOpl 
FXOne8arOneT 
ouchOpl 
FXOneemOneT 
ouchOpl 
21-Np2013 
21-Np2013 
21-Np2013 
20-Nov-2014 
20-Nov2014 
20-Noy-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
25-Np2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
(21,M0001 
(21.000 061 
USD 
USD 
USD 
JPY 
JPY 
JPY 
LONG 
LONG 
LONG 
EUICIREAN 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
00000 
0.0000 
1437356 
12.447 48 
10.69238 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuroOpl 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Ap-2014 
21-Arx-2014 
(10.603.0O3 0:0 
USD 
town CO 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
(139.940 A 
737154817 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarEuro 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Ap2014 
00930.0(00D) 
USD 
11300,00000 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
,13C0 
17.68285 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
CPI 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FkutoOpl 
31-Jan-2014 
01-May-2014 
07-May-2014 
('0,0:0.0236x) 
USD 
1.025.000,000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1025003 
(123.C419, P33) 
745230311 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(245.715 91) 
Total: 
(245.715.91) 
Statement ID : 
The valuation Information set forth in this statement is prowled subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 110013 
SDNY_GM_00256197 
EFTA01452777

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452778.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
3/1/2014 2:33:14 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140301 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/28/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,884,088.34 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
192,511.24 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
400,562.00 
JEGE, INC 
D 
218,959.74 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,096.97 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
173,557.73 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
171,646.24 
NES, LLC 
D 
254,007.93 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,980,891.71 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,259.94 
RM CODE 
81851 
02/28/14 
ACCT./ 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
PLAN D, LLC 
250,000.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110015 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256199 
EFTA01452778

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452779.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
3/3/2014 9:20:12 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Fw: Jeffrey Epstein [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
hi, if you can't get him, let lesley know and she help arrange, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
Forwarded by Paul Morrisrdbcdbcom on 03/0312014 09:19 AM — 
From. 
Lesley Groff 
To. 
Paul Morris/ 
Date 
02/28:201d 06:08 PM 
9Litt.-A 
Re- Jeffrey Epstein (C) 
Will do 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 28, 2014, at 5:13 PM, Paul Morris 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
When his schedule firms up for monday pis let me know we would to get a little time with him. I can chat with him am time of the 
weekend, thx Lesley 
From: Leslej Groff 
Sent: 02/28/2014 09:21 AM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein ICI 
ok, let me know...thanks 
On Feb 28, 2014, at 9:19 AM, Paul Morris • 
wrote:
Classification: Confidential 
ok we will sort something out, perhaps we will need to move to Monday a,m as couple of the folks are in London right 
now, let's talk later, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110016 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256200 
EFTA01452779

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452780.pdf
----------------------------------------
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Officeia.. 
Cell: 
From- 
Lesley Groff 
To 
Dato: 
0228/2014 08:40 AM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein (C) 
Paul, Jeffrey says no to 10am but maybe this afternoon. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 28, 2014, at 6:18 AM, Paul Morris e
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Can we confirm 10 a.m this morning for call. Thx 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: 02/27/2014 06:02 PM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
excellent! thank you so much for letting me know. 
On Feb 27, 2014, at 5:58 PM, Paul Morris e
> wrote 
Classification: Public 
hi i connected with je, looking to do a call in the a.m., targeting 10 and will confirm with you in the a.m., thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office:
Cell: 
From-
To.
Date 
Subject: 
Lesley Groff 
02/272014 05:02 PM 
Jeffrey Epstein 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DEt-SDNY-0110017 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00256201 
EFTA01452780

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452781.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Paul...unfortunately, I never heard back from Jeffrey today regarding a call with you, 
Tazia and Vinet...I will follow up again with him tomorrow. 
Lesley 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110018 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256202 
EFTA01452781

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452782.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
3/3/201410:59:40 AM 
To: 
bellaklein 
CC: 
Richard Kahn 
paul.morris@db.com 
Subject: 
Re: JEE Nato AD 
Attachments: Untitled attachment 05611.htm 
]; Damn Indyke 
Classification: External Conununication 
Hi Bella. 
Unfortunately my flight yesterday and today has been cancelled and I'm stuck in Nashville. I've copied Who on this and he can help. 
From: bellaklein Ibkkin575@gmail.coml 
Sent: 03/03/2014 10:06 AM EST 
To: Amanda Kirby 
Cc: Richard Kahn Se: 
Damn Indyke 
Subject: JEE WT to AD 
Please confirm receiving email as call back is not required. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: March 3 2014 9 28 34 AM EST 
To 
Reply-To: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-WW-0110019 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256203 
EFTA01452782

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452783.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256204 
EFTA01452783

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452784.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/3/201411:
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Lesley Gro 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Just connected with Jeffrey. I had called him and left a vm, he called me back and we discussed, thank you! he said we 
can patch in Vinit tmw. 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bar* Sautes Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Pagiritrwitr12erfinst. 
From. 
Paul aaarria
l 
To. 
"Lesley Groff* 
Cc: 
"Tata Smith' 
Date. 
03(03/2014 11:46 AM 
Sublect 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi, no, I believe Tazia and Vinit were trying to reach him the a.m, but if they have not 
a call would be helpful. Thanks 
 Original Mess 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: 03/03/2014 11:34 AM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Paul...did you ever hear from Jeffrey? Shall I ask him again re a conference call 
with you Tazia and Vinet? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110021 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256205 
EFTA01452784

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452785.pdf
----------------------------------------
Lesley 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110022 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256206 
EFTA01452785

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452786.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/3/2014 11:52:15 AM 
To: 
Paul Morris [ 
CC: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Re:Jeffrey Epstein (C) 
Attachments: pic14195.gif; pic09065.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Just connected with Jeffrey. I had called him and left a vm, he called me 
back and we discussed, thank you! he said we can patch in vinit tmw. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14195.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
I
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
34S Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic09065.gif) 
From: 
Paul Morris 
To: 
"Lesley Groff" 
Cc: 
"Tazia Smith" 
Date: 
03/03/2014 11:46 AM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi, no, I believe Tazia and Vinit were trying to reach him the a.m, but if 
they have not a call would be helpful. Thanks 
 Original Messa e  
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: 03/03/2014 11: 
AM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Paul...did you ever hear from Jeffrey? shall I ask him again re a 
conference call with you Tazia and Vinet? 
Lesley 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110023 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256207 
EFTA01452786

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452787.pdf
----------------------------------------
1) vanilla 107 put offered @52.70/bbl 
2) KI Put 
107 put. Knocks in only if 7u114 settles above 4114 on any day in the next 1 
month. offered @S0.85/bbl 
For KI Barrier 113, offered I3151.35 
For KI Barrier 115, offered @50.60 
Prices are indicative and will need to be refreshed before trading. 
Brent Jul14 price history over last 1 month -
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05214.gif) 
Thanks 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10914.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Moja 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02363.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110027 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256211 
EFTA01452787

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452788.pdf
----------------------------------------
HL 8:48 
U VUI 21832 
up 
e'`As 
LUPet 1110. 61 
+2.65 
110.56 110.59 
1U0.15 
ni ilu.yi 
2x 9 
h"LeV 1U/.70 
LU 1U0.15 
UptHICIL /Ott, 
20:00 
1D 
3D 
1M 
t.'Ll 
-- D 
17:59 
Last Price 
110.61 
T High on 03/03 07:30 110.76 
-9- Average 
107.50 
Low on 02/04 07:00 103.71 
■ Prey Ctose  
104.10 
I 
I 
I 
I 
Actions 
971 Edit   
Last Price 
n3). 30 ILr 
9$ Table 
ri moms! 11) CompareMn.., Pi 
Line Chart 
Event 
t 
Ho
0- 110.00 
9-109.00 
9-108.00 
9.107.00 
9-106.00 
9- 105.00 
9-104.00 
No Lower Chart 
Feb 2014 
Mar 201 
Australia 61 2 9777 8600 Brazil 5511 3048 4500 Europe 44 20 7330 7500 Germany 49 69 9204 1210 Hong Kong 852 2977 6000 
Japan 81 3 3201 8900 
Singapore 65 6212 1000 
U.S. 1 212 318 2000 
Copyright 2014 Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
SN 105613 EST GMT-5:00 G990-317-0 Oa-Mar-2014 08:59:15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110030 
SDNY_GM_00256214 
EFTA01452788

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452789.pdf
----------------------------------------
Equity 
Energy Renaisance Theme 
GE 
$ 
1.00 
Hannan Armstrong (MASI) 
$ 
0.50 
Casella Waste (CWST) 
S 
0.25 
Won (ROM) 
$ 
1.00 
Kinder Morgan Inc (KM I) 
S 
0.50 
Semgroup (SEMG) 
$ 
0.50 
Spectra ISE) 
$ 
0.50 
Cheniere (LNG) 
$ 
0.25 
Approach Resources (AREK) 
$ 
0.50 
Haliburton (HAL) 
0.50 
China Gas (384 HK, non-US) 
$ 
0.50 
American Water Works (AWE) 5 
0.50 
IHS OHS) 
$ 
0.50 
CREE INC (CREE) 
$ 
0.50 
Lyondell Basal! (LYB) 
0.25 
Dupont (DD) 
$ 
0.25 
Worley Parsons eNOR.AU, nor $ 
0.25 
[Sunadlson (SUNE)] 
Pain City (SKY)] 
resin OSLAll 
EquitySubTotal 
$ 
8.25 
Commodities/OTC Brent Crude 13mo Twin wig,
$ 
2.00 
OTCShort BrentOption' 
S 
1.00 
2yr WTI Call • 
$ 
1.00 
Short AUD (hedge)* 
$ 
0.25 
Energy RannaisanceSubTotal 
$ 
12.50 
ARE( US 
— 
22.25 22.28 
2 
. At 13:39 
309.716 
22.09. 
-1.17 
21.87.. 
1.0. :13.28:51 
Save As 
Adler s 
I' rut 
It Tr
Line Chart 
^ BCC 
- - - 
111111111111 Width t 
"Ear 
' , A, 
• T. i 
• 
,F Track 
.." Annulate 
News 
, Zoom 
32.00 
A  V  nil Last Price 
22.25 
V 
' 
! T High on 10/18/13 31.08 
• Average 
24.1602 
Law on 01/13114 18.46 
IDS Pl _a 
in 
lw dl 
Y'11 
Iv 
Volume 
0.81011 
I  • SMAVG (15) 1.030M 
Mar 
sm,..146ImmilisitilyI IlliaLl1ININestiellalls.601t 
Jun 
Sep 
2013 
30.00 
28.00 
26.00 
24.00 
20.00 
18.00 
5M 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110034 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256218 
EFTA01452789

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452790.pdf
----------------------------------------
Source: Bloomberg 3/3/14 
Forwarded by Tazia SmithIcItoklbcom on 03103/2014 01:05 PM —
From. 
Jatin Binda 
To. 
ICG Commodirjeis, 
Cc: 
Ricardo Ctrha 
Tazia Smt 
Commodity Structurim_Assets. CCRT Corr 
Date: 
03O3/2014 09:04 AM 
Subject 
Trade idea: Brent puts ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
Trade idea: Brent KI put 
Underlying: Jul14 Brent (CON4) 
Jul14 Ref: 110.6 
Rationale: near term spike due to events in Ukraine followed by decline 
1) Vanilla 107 put offered @$2.70/bbl 
2) KI Put 
107 put. Knocks in only if Jul14 settles above $114 on any day in the next 1 month. Offered @$0.85/bbl 
For KI Barrier 113, offered @$1.35 
For KI Barrier 115, offered @$0.60 
Prices are indicative and will need to be refreshed before trading. 
Brent Jul14 price history over last 1 month - 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110035 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256219 
EFTA01452790

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452791.pdf
----------------------------------------
LW& 1110.61 
+2.65 
-It  
110. 56 /110.59 
x 9 
',rev LUF.Y0 
en 8:48 
u vul 21832 
LIP 
11)0.13 
ni 
111J.V1 
LO 
11/0.1.3 
Upeillill 
/ °rt.) 
is ni Save AS 
9V ACtfons - 
In Edit - 
9. Table 
( 0114 ,:cinicit. 
20:00 
Yin 
17:69 InErir Line Pi 111CUnn 
" 
lY 
SY 
Max 30 rum 
;;;°: Security/Study 
Last Price 
110.61 
T High on 03/03 07:30 110.76 
Average 
107.50 
Low on 02/04 07:00 103.71 
Prey Close  
104.10 
iNpotrivm 
Line Chart 
No Lower Chart 
III Even: 
PO 
0-111 no 
• 110.00 
• 109.00 
*108.00 
• 107.00 
• 106.00 
• 105.00 
*104.00 
12 
1= 
:. 
103 
Feb 2014 
Mar 201 
Australia 61 2 9777 8600 Brazil 5511 3048 4500 Europe 44 20 7330 7500 Germany 49 69 9204 1210 Hong Kong 852 2977 6000 
Japan 81 3 3201 8900 
Singapore 65 6212 1000 
U.S. 1 212 318 2000 
Copyright 2014 Bloomberg Finance L.P.
SH 105613 EST 
GHT-5, 00 6990-317-0 03-Mor-2014 08,59,15 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bart Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
Now York. NY 10154 
Pedzitth,lo- Report", 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110036 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256220 
EFTA01452791

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452792.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir PeepYrnt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110041 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256225 
EFTA01452792

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452793.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/3/2014 2:17:56 PM 
To: 
CC: 
Vinit Sahni 
; Nay Gupta 
Paul Morris 
Vahe 
Stepanian 
Subject: 
Healthcare (Foundation Medical update + Basket) ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
* * Prepared exclusively for Jeffrey Epstein - KCP US * • 
Jeffrey - 
Your Foundation Medical (FMI) is down —6% (bigger than expected 4Q loss last week, but inline forward 
guidance); recall you're long 25k shares at $27.50, stock is presently $33.58 (chart below). Consider adding on weakness 
(or take your —$150k gain if you're view has has changed). 
The rest of your Healthcare basket is down an average of —1.5%. We know you're bullish on the group and its recent 
positive momentum - your basket below, consider adding a leg here: 
Healthcare 
Original 
Modified 
Current 
Total 
Equity 
Bristol Myers IBMT) 
$ 
2.50 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Pfizer (PFE) 
$ 
2.50 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Merck (MRK) 
2.50 
2.00 
2.00 
Valeant MIX} 
$ 
1.50 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Accavis (ACT) 
1.50 
1.00 
1.00 
Gilead (GILD) 
1.50 
1.10 $ 
0.40 $ 
1.50 
Mylan (MYL) 
S 
1.00 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Endo Health (ENDP) 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
HCA Holdings (HCA) 
S 
0.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Rite Aid (RAD) 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
Foundation Medical IFMI) 
$ 
0.70 $ 
0.70 
Ariad (ARIA) 
0.10 $ 
0.10 
Sangarno Biosciences (SGMO) 
$ 
1.00 $ 
1.00 
Biogen (BNB) 
$ 
0.50 5 
0.60 $ 
1.10 
Agerion(AEGR} 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
CIS Caremark (CYS) 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Healthcare Sub Total 
$ 
15.00 
$ 
14.60 $ 
2.80 5 
17.40 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110042 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256226 
EFTA01452793

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452794.pdf
----------------------------------------
7, StSre As 
Ad 
• 
ithiS 
TA tklit • 
Table 
Line Ctvart 
Lag 
ISSN 
: ece"" 
t 
h..— IIIIIIIIIIIII 005111.111111 PI Vai PI
1Y 
SY 
Max Daily • 
se Ct Security/Study 
even 
+ Track 
e Annotate :7,5 News O, Zoom 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset di Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th floc/ 
Newyork. NY 10154 
Pouni0-1,4tr iPe*nn. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110043 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256227 
EFTA01452794

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452795.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners • US 
Deutsche Bark Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
Pcsnio-frclu Peectint 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110045 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256229 
EFTA01452795

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452796.pdf
----------------------------------------
Technology MUM 
Equity 
Apple I.AAFL; 
Facebook (FS) 
Twitter (TWTR) 
Samsung Electronics (non-US) 
$ 
1.00 ADR listed in London, USD denom 
Comcast (CMCSA; 
0.50 
Criteo (CRTO 
S 
0.50 
Yelp !YELP) 
$ 
0.25 
Amazon (AMZN) 
0.25 
Mastercard (MA) 
$ 
0.25 Consider ITM Risk Reversal 
VOCI a fo n e (Voe) 
$ 
0.25 Just went ex-Verizon Wireless 
Juniper (APR) 
$ 
0.25 
Cisco (CSCO) 
0.25 
Adobe (ADBE) 
0.50 
laualcom (QCOM)) 
$ 
- 
[Ayaga (AVG0)] 
$ 
-
(FS Networks (FFIV)1 
$ 
- 
XLKJan15 ITM Risk Reversal 
$ 
1.00 
Technology Sub Total $ 
5.00 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110047 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256231 
EFTA01452796

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452797.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110048 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256232 
EFTA01452797

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452798.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: Confidential 
• • Prepared exclusively for Jeffrey Epstein - KCP US •
Jeffrey - 
For Energy, consider these percentages below (modification from within the proposed Energy Renaissance 
basket). Note, Sunedison (SUNE) rallied 28% over the back half of last month, believe the bulk of the steam is out of 
that one, but you may disagree and want to play that momentum. Hannon Armstrong (HASI) looks compelling on 
weakness (just macro backdrop) here; this company is effectively a publically traded energy retrofit finance co., or, as the 
company calls itself "sustainable infrastructure capital", with a —6.3% current yield with the shares at -$14. Approach 
Resources (AREX) also reported a strong quarter (see chart below, still interesting); this is a small-cap (5879mm market 
cap) US nat gas/crude E&P name. 
Also below is a short play on Brent (depending on your view): 
It's a 107 strike put on Jul14 Brent crude (thus expires in June, —3mos). Spot ref for Jul14 crude is 110.6 (thus in-the-
money strike), but the put Knocks-In, only if crude trades above 114 over the next 1-month, 50.85/bbl offer (compared to 
$2.70/bbl vanilla). 113 and 115 KI are also provided below from our Commods team. Indicative levels only, subject to 
market movement, source: DB ICG Commodities, 3/3/14. 
Equity 
Energy Rena isa nos Theme 
GE 
S 
1.00 
Hannon Armstrong (HAS') 
0.50 
Casella Waste (CWST) 
0.25 
Won NOM) 
$ 
1.00 
Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) 
0.50 
Serngroup (SEtrtG) 
$ 
0.50 
Spectra 15E) 
0.50 
Cheniere (LNG) 
0.25 
Approach Resources (ARE%) 
0.50 
Haliburton (HAL) 
$ 
0.50 
China Gas (384 HK, non-US) 
$ 
0.50 
American. Water Work] (AWK $ 
0.50
IHSfIHS) 
$ 
0.50 
CREE INC (CREE) 
$ 
0.50 
Lyondell Basel! ILYB) 
0.25 
Dupont (DO) 
$ 
0.25 
Worley Parsons (WOR.AU, nor 5 
0.25 
(Sunedison 'SONE)) 
(kolas City (STCY): 
(Tesla (ISLA)) 
Equity Sub Total 
8.25 
Commodities/OTC 
Brent Crude limo Twin Win 
S 
2.00 
OTC Short Brent Option• 
1.00 
2yr WTI Call • 
1.00 
Short AUD (hedge)• 
$ 
0.25 
Energy Rennaisance Sub Total 
$ 
12.50 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110051 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256235 
EFTA01452798

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452799.pdf
----------------------------------------
ARE X US 
13:39 
Zola 
""` 
t122.25.122.2131:1 
a 
809.7:6 
22.09.: 
t. 23.176 
t 21.87 
19.2801 
t5 Save 4'1 
- if reW1.11-5-
--
inarrif
iraW 
''' 
rt
-  - 
ear 
"gar 
:r 
' 
■ Volume 
0.81041 
SMUG (15) 1.030M 
Mar 
Jul 
Sep 
2013 
C 
!
W
.
.
.
-
t re: 
Mast Price 
22.25 
T High on 10/18/13 31.08 
40- Average 
24.1602 
low on 01/13114 18.46 
32.00 
30.00 
28.00 
26.00 
24.00 
5$ 
0,81014 
Source: Bloomberg 3/3/14 
— Forwarded by Tazia Smith;d0a1bcom on 03032014 01.05 PM ---
From 
Jalin Elinclaedb 
To. 
ICG Commodities. 
Cc. 
Ricardo Curthardb
. Tazia Smieroo ■ 
Date. 
03/03/2014 0904 AM 
Subject Trade Idea: Brent puts (Cl 
Classification: Confidential 
Trade idea: Brent KI put 
Underlying: Jul14 Brent (CON4) 
Jul14 Ref: 110.6 
Rationale: near term spike due to events in Ukraine followed by decline 
1) Vanilla 107 put offered @$2.70/bbl 
Commodity Strusturing_Assets. CCRT Corr 
2) KI Put 
107 put. Knocks in only if Jul14 settles above $114 on any day in the next 1 month. Offered @$0.85/bbl 
For KI Barrier 113, offered @$1.35 
For KI Barrier 115, offered @$0.60 
Prices are indicative and will need to be refreshed before trading. 
Brent Jul14 price history over last 1 month - 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110052 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00255236 
EFTA01452799

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452800.pdf
----------------------------------------
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110054 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256238 
EFTA01452800

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452801.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey -
For Energy, consider these percentages below (modification from within the 
proposed Energy Renaissance basket). Note, Sunedison (SUNE) rallied 28% over 
the back half of last month, believe the bulk of the steam is out of that one, 
but you may disagree and want to play that momentum. Hannon Armstrong (HASI) 
looks compelling on weakness (just macro backdrop) here; this company is 
effectively a publically traded energy retrofit finance co., or, as the 
company calls itself "sustainable infrastructure capital", with a -6.3% 
current yield with the shares at -414. Approach Resources (AREX) also 
reported a strong quarter (see chart below, still interesting); this is a 
small-cap ($879mm market cap) US nat gas/crude E&P name. 
Also below is a short play on Brent (depending on your view): 
It's a 107 strike put on Jul14 Brent crude (thus expires in June, —3mos). 
spot ref for Jul14 crude is 110.6 (thus in-the-money strike), but the put 
Knocks-In, only if crude trades above 114 over the next 1-month, 50.85/bbl 
offer (compared to 52.70/bbl vanilla). 113 and 115 KI are also provided below 
from our commods team. Indicative levels only, subject to market movement, 
source: 08 ICG Commodities, 3/3/14. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10394.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05702.jpg) 
Source: Bloomberg 3/3/14 
Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 03/03/2014 01:05 PM 
From: Jatin Bindal/db/dbcom@OBCOEX 
To: 
ICG Commodities, 
cc: 
Ricardo Cunha/db/ 
, Tazia smith/db
, 
Commodity Structuring_Assets, CCRT Corr 
Date: 03/03/2014 09:04 AM 
subje Trade idea: Brent puts (c] 
ct: 
Classification: confidential 
Trade idea: Brent KI put 
Underlying: Jul14 Brent (CON4) 
Jul14 Ref: 110.6 
Rationale: near term spike due to events in Ukraine followed by decline 
1) vanilla 107 put offered @S2.70/bbl 
2) KI Put 
107 put. Knocks in only if Ju114 settles above $114 on any day in the next 1 
month. Offered @S0.85/bbl 
For KI Barrier 113, offered @S1.35 
For KI Barrier 115, offered @50.60 
Prices are indicative and will need to be refreshed before trading. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110056 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256240 
EFTA01452801

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452802.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110058 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256242 
EFTA01452802

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452803.pdf
----------------------------------------
AREX US s 
' .2:, 
.... 
,..--- 
022.25 /22.280 
5x2 
At 13:39 
. -, 1 809.716 
C 22.090 
H 23.17D 
I 21.870 
peal 18.288M 
Etkajmji4,r."! 
Save As 
tine Chart'" 
CE52,11B1 IlIZICI=5/ IrrlivM" =IV 
compar# 
"'l '-'; IIIIIIIIIIIIIIII L=IIIIIIIIW Din 
Annotate ' 
News 
Zoom 
32.00 
":•;• Last Price 
22.25 
T High on 10/18/13 31.08 
(eVvi 
Average 
24.1602 
JAI 
, 
I Low on 01/13/14 18.46 
J
Dec 
• Volume 
0.810M, 
SMAVG (15) 1.030M 
Mar 
Jun 
Sep 
2013 
2014 
30.00 
28.00 
26.00 
24.00 
20.00 
18.00 
SM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110061 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256245 
EFTA01452803

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452804.pdf
----------------------------------------
HL 8:48 
U VUI 21832 
up 
e'`As 
LUPet 1110. 61 
+2.65 
110.56 110.59 
1U0.15 
ni ilu.yi 
2x 9 
h"LeV 1U/.70 
LU 1U0.15 
UptHICIL /Ott, 
20:00 
1D 
3D 
1M 
t.'Ll 
-- D 
17:59 
Last Price 
110.61 
T High on 03/03 07:30 110.76 
-9- Average 
107.50 
Low on 02/04 07:00 103.71 
■ Prey Ctose  
104.10 
I 
I 
I 
I 
Actions 
971 Edit   
Last Price 
n3). 30 ILr 
9$ Table 
ri moms! 11) CompareMn.., Pi 
Line Chart 
Event 
t 
Ho
0- 110.00 
9-109.00 
9-108.00 
9.107.00 
9-106.00 
9- 105.00 
9-104.00 
No Lower Chart 
Feb 2014 
Mar 201 
Australia 61 2 9777 8600 Brazil 5511 3048 4500 Europe 44 20 7330 7500 Germany 49 69 9204 1210 Hong Kong 852 2977 6000 
Japan 81 3 3201 8900 
Singapore 65 6212 1000 
U.S. 1 212 318 2000 
Copyright 2014 Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
SN 105613 EST GMT-5:00 G990-317-0 Oa-Mar-2014 08:59:15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 110062 
SDNY_GM_00256246 
EFTA01452804

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452805.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110063 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256247 
EFTA01452805

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452806.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Fw: Healthcare Foun ation M ical update + Basket) [C) 
Tazia Smith 
3/3/2014 2:33:23 PM 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Rich - 2 of 3 here 
--- Forwarded by Tazia Smktv 
n 03:032014 02.33 PM ---
From. 
Tata Snit 
To. 
jeevacationftmailecm. 
Cc 
=Mi.e. 
Nay CmiPl
i 
Date. 
03/032014 02:17 PM 
But/lett- Healthcare (Foundation Medical update + Basket) (C) 
Paul Morris 
Classification: Confidential 
"* Prepared exclusively for Jeffrey Epstein - KCP US ** 
Jeffrey - 
Your Foundation Medical (FMI) is down —6% (bigger than expected 4O loss last week, but inline forward 
guidance); recall you're long 25k shares at $27.50, stock is presently $33.58 (chart below). Consider adding on weakness 
(or take your —$150k gain if you're view has has changed). 
The rest of your Healthcare basket is down an average of -1.5%. We know you're bullish on the group and its recent 
positive momentum • your basket below, consider adding a leg here: 
Healthcare 
Original 
Modified 
Current 
Total 
Equity 
Bristol Myers (BM1) 
$ 
2.50 
2.00 
2.00 
Pfizer (PFE) 
2.50 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Merck (MRK) 
$ 
2.50 
$ 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Valera (atx) 
$ 
1.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Actayis (ACT) 
$ 
1.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Gilead (GILD) 
$ 
1.50 
$ 
1.10 
$ 
0.✓0 $ 
1.50 
Mylan IMYL) 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
Endo Health (ENDF) 
1.00 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
HCAHoldings (HCA) 
0.50 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Rite Aid (RAD) 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
Foundation Medical IFMI) 
$ 
0.70 
$ 
0.70 
Ariad IARI4) 
0.10 
$ 
0.10 
Sangarric Bicsciences (SGMO) 
1.00 $ 
1.00 
Biogen (Bile) 
3.50 $ 
0.60 $ 
1.10 
Agerion IAEGR) 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
CVS Caremark (CVS) 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Healthcare Sub Total 
S 
15.00 
$ 
14.60 $ 
2.80 
17.40 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110065 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256249 
EFTA01452806

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452807.pdf
----------------------------------------
Healthcare 
Original 
Modified 
Current 
Total 
Equity 
Bristol Myers [GMT) 
2.50 
2:00 
$ 
2.00 
Pfizer [PPE) 
2.50 
2.00 
2.00 
Merck (MRK) 
$ 
2.50 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Valeant (VRX) 
$ 
1.50 
1.00 
1.00 
Actayis (ACT) 
S 
1.50 
1.03 
$ 
1.00 
Gilead [GILD) 
$ 
1.50 
1.10 5 
0.40 $ 
1.50 
Myl a n [MVO 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
Endo Health (ENDP) 
$ 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
HCA Holdings (MCA) 
0.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Rite Aid 'RAD) 
$ 
0.50 
0.50 
0.50 
Foundation Medical [FMI) 
0.70 5 
0.70 
Ariad [ARIA) 
0.10 $ 
0.10 
Sangamo Biosciences (56M0 
1.00 $ 
1.00 
Biogen IBIlB) 
0.50 
$ 
0.60 $ 
1.10 
Agerion [AEGR) 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
WS Carernark [DA) 
1.00 
1.00 
Healthcare Sub Total 
$ 
15.00 
$ 
14.60 5 
2.80 $ 
17.40 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110069 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256253 
EFTA01452807

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452808.pdf
----------------------------------------
9$ Save As 
9$ Actions - 
Amu 
n a " 
2Y 5Y Max Daily • 
+ Track 
8' Armotate 
TI Volume 
0.196M  
• 
SMAVG (15) 0.196M 
133.41/33.50K 
2x25 
H 35.48Y 
L 33.10D 
Val 6.719M 
97) Edit - 
9$ Table 
line Chart 
Ell Pi 
t 
Security/Study 
M Event 
ZOOM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110070 
SDNY_GM_00256254 
EFTA01452808

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452809.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
34S Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New 
Tel 
Fax 
Mob 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic18747.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110074 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256258 
EFTA01452809

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452810.pdf
----------------------------------------
Technology MUM 
Equity 
Apple I.AAFL; 
Facebook (FS) 
Twitter (TWTR) 
Samsung Electronics (non-US) 
$ 
1.00 ADR listed in London, USD denom 
Comcast (CMCSA; 
0.50 
Criteo (CRTO 
S 
0.50 
Yelp !YELP) 
$ 
0.25 
Amazon (AMZN) 
0.25 
Mastercard (MA) 
$ 
0.25 Consider ITM Risk Reversal 
VOCI a fo n e (Voe) 
$ 
0.25 Just went ex-Verizon Wireless 
Juniper (APR) 
$ 
0.25 
Cisco (CSCO) 
0.25 
Adobe (ADBE) 
0.50 
laualcom (QCOM)) 
$ 
- 
[Ayaga (AVG0)] 
$ 
-
(FS Networks (FFIV)1 
$ 
- 
XLKJan15 ITM Risk Reversal 
$ 
1.00 
Technology Sub Total $ 
5.00 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110075 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256259 
EFTA01452810

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452811.pdf
----------------------------------------
Technology (TNIT) 
Equity 
Apple (AAK) 
Fscebook (FB) 
Twitter (W M) 
Samsung Electronics (non-US) 
$ 
1.00 ADR listed in London. USD denom 
Comcast (CMCSA) 
$ 
0.50 
Criteo (CRTC) 
S 
0.50 
Yelp (YELP) 
0.25 
Amazon (AMZN) 
$ 
0.25 
Mastercard (MA) 
$ 
0.25 Consider iTM Risk Reversal 
Vectecone (VOD) 
$ 
0.25 Just went ex-Verizon Wireless 
Juniper ((NPR) 
$ 
0.25 
axe (CSCO) 
$ 
0.25 
Adobe LADBE) 
$ 
0.50 
(Qualcom pacomn 
$ 
- 
(Avago (AVG0)) 
$ 
-
[FS Networks (FFI141 
$ 
- 
kik J an15 ITM Risk Reversal 
$ 
1.00 
Technology Sub Total $ 
5.00 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Possion4r grnott. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110079 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256263 
EFTA01452811

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452812.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
;  
To: 
Joseph Cothron 
; Amanda Kirby I 
; Gedeon Pinedo 
; Paul Morris 
; Tazia 
Smith I 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC as at 3 Mar 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140303_20140304_1.pdf; 182298_20140303_20140304_1.csv 
Valuations System • 
3/3/2014 6:04:14 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. 
Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_2309.pdf 
182298_20140303_20140304_1 
54452704 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110081 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256265 
EFTA01452812

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452813.pdf
----------------------------------------
rig" 
e an 
SOUTHERN FINAN 
Request 182298 
t, 
As of 03 Mar 14 
  ri.77-73:77-nmermin 
co me 2014 
Pap 2 Of 2 
Deutsch* Berk AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FxEurcepl 
21-Nov-2013 
20Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1.0120003 00) 
USD 
101.030.000 
FY 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
: '35 236 1,...b 
710423459 
FiNANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHF_RN 
FXOneBarOneT 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
15.65025 
710423461 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
owhOpl 
366364436l 
SOUTHERN 
FXOnef3arOneT 
21-Nor.2013 
20Nov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21,MO 00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
13.637 59 
710423463 
FiNANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneemOneT 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov.2014 
25.Nov.2014 
(21.000 Cel 
USD 
Fr 
LONG 
ElRCPEAN 
0.0000 
11,778 58 
710423465 
F INANCIAL • U-C 
ouchOpl 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuroOpl 
17-Jan-2014 
17A4x.2014 
21A4x-2014 
(10,000000 00) 
USD 
town 
CO 
CAD 
SHORT 
El-RCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
(140.581 20) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarEuro 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
00020.D:00D; 
USD 
11.300,000 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
.13C0 
16.131 04 
737154818 
F INANCIAL, LLC 
OPl 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FkutoOpl 
31-Jan-2014 
01-May-2014 
07-May-2014 
t10.0:0.020.0.1; 
USD 
1.025.000,000 
..PY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1025003 
l l 1.0 "4'8 % 
745230:111 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
Subtotal: 
(21925 186) 
1.4.101; 
(219.280.86) 
Statement ID: 1822,98_20140303201403041 
The valuation Information set forth in this statement is prowled subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110083 
SDNY_GM_00256267 
EFTA01452813

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452814.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
SeM: 
3/4/2014 2:33:27 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140304 
RM CODE 
81851 
03/03/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMDUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,781,306.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
500,629.96 
JEGE, INC 
D 
218,959.74 
3EGE, LLC 
D 
286,096.97 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
173,557.73 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
164,598.51 
NES, LLC 
D 
254,007.93 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,980,891.71 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
166,259.94 
PM CODE 
81851 
03/03/14 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
ACCT N 
NAME 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
100,067.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
100,067.00 TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256269 
DB-SDNY-0 110085 
EFTA01452814

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452815.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/4/2014 10:01:27 AM 
To: 
jeffrey epsteinijeeyacation@gmail.comj 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
ii; Vinit Sahni I_I;
 Vahe Stepanian 
classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - Vinit and I just tried to catch you. when's a good time to 
connect? 
Tazia Smith 
Di rector 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York 
NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mai : 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110086 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256270 
EFTA01452815

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452816.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
3/4/2014 12:00:13 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Reg E Disclosure [II 
Attachments: pic26960.gif; pic30903.gif; pic19320.gif; pic10310.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
A little confused by his question. The rate quoted yesterday looks like its 
on par with current currency rates. Just checked Bloomberg and XE.com and both 
quote USD-EUR as of today at .73. And our rate yesterday was .718 
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26960.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30903.gif) 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db 
Date: 
03/04/2014 11:47 AM 
Subject: 
Fw: Reg E Disclosure (I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
Forwarded by Paul Morris/db/dbcom on 03/04/2014 11:46 AM 
From: 
Richard Kahn ‹
> 
To: 
Paul morris/dba, 
Date: 
03/04/2014 11:27 AM 
Subject: 
Fwd: Reg E Disclosure 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110087 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256271 
EFTA01452816

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452817.pdf
----------------------------------------
please take at look at this euro purchase from yesterday 
want to understand spreads better however seems like when this was completed 
pricing was approx. 85-125 beeps over euro 
is that normal? 
lets discuss 
Richard Kahn 
HERS Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Aracely Sanchez 
Subject: Re: Reg E Disc osure 
Date: March 3, 2014 2:10:45 PM EST 
TO: 
Cc: "Darren In y 
amanda.kirby@db.com 
Please see attached. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19320.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10310.gif) 
From: 
Richard Kahn ‹
> 
TO: 
Aracely Sanchez/db
, 
Date: 
03/03/2014 01:17 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Reg E Disclosure 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110088 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256272 
EFTA01452817

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452818.pdf
----------------------------------------
cell 
On Mar 3, 2014, at 1:16 PM, Aracely Sanchez a> 
wrote: 
I will send that to you as soon as I receive it. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From Richard Kahn a 
To: Aracely Sanchez 
Cc: bellaklein Klein 
, "Darren Ind ke 
>bellaklein" 
, Amanda Kirby 
Date 03/03/2014 12:59 PM 
Subj Re: Reg E Disclosure 
ect: 
attached is reg e disclosure however i do not see conversion rate that 
amanda usually attaches 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Mar 3, 2014, at 11:38 AM, Aracely Sanchez a> 
wrote: 
Reg E Disclosure for today's wires. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110089 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256273 
EFTA01452818

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452819.pdf
----------------------------------------
<mail Attachment.gif> 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
10154-0004 New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
<mail Attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such.<REG E 
Disclosure.pdf> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as 
such.[attachment "RegE Disclosure for Remittance Transfer-100k.pdf" 
deleted by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] [attachment "Reg E Disclosure for 
Remittance Transfer 2000.pdf" deleted by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110090 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256274 
EFTA01452819

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452820.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452820.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110092 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256276 
EFTA01452820

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452821.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bar* Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Mans ement 
Securities offered through Deutsche Sank Securities Inc 
PAnierfe‘
tiT Pei &yin 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
To. 
Date. 
03(032014 01:17 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Reg E Disclosure 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Mar 3, 2014, at 1:16 PM, Aracely Sanchez 
I will send that to you as soon as I receive it. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assonant Vice Presidert 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Mena ement 
> wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110096 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256280 
EFTA01452821

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452822.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
To' 
Aracoly Sanchez 
Cc. 
bellaklein Klein 
"Darren Indyke 
Amanda 
Kirby/db/ 
Date' 
03(03/201412:59 PM 
Subject. Re: Reg E Disclosure 
attached is reg e disclosure however i do not see conversion rate that atnanda usually attaches 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
On Mar 3, 2014, at 11:38 AM, Aracely Sanchez 
Reg E Disclosure for todays wires. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset S Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
<Mail Attachment.git> 
wrote: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110097 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256281 
EFTA01452822

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452823.pdf
----------------------------------------
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
10154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03399.gif) 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez 
Date: 
03/03/2014 01:17 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Reg E Disclosure 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Mar 3, 2014, at 1:16 PM, Aracely Sanchez 
wrote: 
I will send that to you as soon as I receive it. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
1015 
NY, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From Richard Kahn 
To: Aracely Sanchez 
Cc: bellaklein Klein 
"Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110100 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256284 
EFTA01452823

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452824.pdf
----------------------------------------
>bellaklein" 
Amanda Kirby 
Date 03/03/2014 12:59 PM 
Subj Re: Reg E Disclosure 
ect: 
attached is reg e disclosure however i do not see conversion rate that 
amanda usually attaches 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Mar 3, 2014, at 11:38 AM, Aracely Sanchez 
wrote: 
Reg E Disclosure for today's wires. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
<mail Attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such.<REG E 
Disclosure. pdf> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110101 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256285 
EFTA01452824

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452825.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morr' 
Sent: 
3/4/2014 4:37:25 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Subject: 
Re: III 
Classification: For internal use only 
did u all connect? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
From. 
Tazia Smithdb 
To. 
"Jeffrey es/stein lefreacationGgrnailcom>. 
Cc: 
'Paul Morris" 
Date. 
03/04201410:01 AM 
Sublect 
'Wit Salve 
Classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - Vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good time to connect? 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Valro Stepanian 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110105 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256289 
EFTA01452825

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452826.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/4/2014 5:49:44 PM 
To: 
Paul Morrill
CC: 
Vinit Sahni 
Subject: 
Re:III 
Classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mai : 
 original message  
From: Paul Morris 
sent: 03/04/2014 04:37 PM EST 
To: Tazia smith 
Cc: vinit Sahni 
subject: Re: 
(I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
did u all connect? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
Tazia Smith 
To: 
"jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Cc: 
, "Paul Morris" 
, "vinit Sahni" 
, Va e Stepanian" 
Date: 
03/04/2014 10:01 AM 
Subject: 
Classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good time to 
connect? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110106 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256290 
EFTA01452826

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452827.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New Y 
Tel: 
Mobil 
Fax: 
E-mail-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110107 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256291 
EFTA01452827

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452828.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
3/4/2014 5:50:56 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Vinit Sahni 
Subject 
Re: III 
Classification: For internal use only 
thx i guess try again tomorrow or call lesley, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Officea 
Cell: 
From: 
Tazia Smith 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Cc: 
Vinit Sahni 
Date: 
03/04/2014 05:49 PM 
Subject: 
Re: [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - uS 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New Y 
Tel: 
Mobil 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
 Original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 04:37 PM EST 
To: Tazia smith 
Cc: Vinit Sahni 
subject: Re: 
[I] 
classification: For internal use only 
did u all connect? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110108 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256292 
EFTA01452828

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452829.pdf
----------------------------------------
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Offic • 
Cell: 
From: 
Tazia Smith/ 
To: 
"jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Cc: 
"Paul Morris" 
Va e Stepanian" 
Date: 
03/04/2014 10:01 AM 
Subject: 
Classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good time to 
connect? 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New Y 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
"vinit sahni" 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110109 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256293 
EFTA01452829

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452830.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
3/4/2014 6:00:32 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Vinit Sahni 
Subject 
Re: Ill 
Classification: For internal use only 
just spoke with him, "he just landed on the island" he said call in the 
morning 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
Tazia smi th/dbil 
To: 
Paul Morris/db 
Cc: 
vinit Sahni/db/ 
Date: 
03/04/2014 05:49 PM 
subject: 
Re: [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mai : 
 Original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
sent: 03/04/2014 04:37 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
cc: vinit sahni 
subject: Re: 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
did u all connect? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110110 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256294 
EFTA01452830

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452831.pdf
----------------------------------------
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Offic • 
Cell: 
From: 
Tazia smith 
To: 
"jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Cc: 
"Paul Morris" 
Va e Stepanian" 
Date: 
03/04/2014 10:01 AM 
Subject: 
Classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - Vinit and I just tried to catch you. when's a good time to 
connect? 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New Y 
Tel: 
Mobil 
Fax: 
E-mai : 
"Vinit Sahni" 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110111 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256295 
EFTA01452831

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452832.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/4/2014 6:23:40 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Vinit Sahni 
• Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Re:III 
Classification: For internal use only 
Perfect, will do. Thank you. 
vinit - patch you in at 9am ET, if that works? (before US open, but close 
enough to have sense of direction/levels) 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
mew York NY 10154 
 original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 06:00 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: vinit sahni 
Subject: Re: (I] 
classification: For internal use only 
just spoke with him, "he just landed on the island" he said call in the 
morning 
Paul morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
From: 
Tazia Smith 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Cc: 
Vinit sahni 
Date: 
03/04/2014 05:49 PM 
Subject: 
Re: [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110112 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256296 
EFTA01452832

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452833.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
 original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 04:37 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: vinit Sahni 
Subject: Re: 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
did u all connect? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS 
To: 
Date: 
subject: 
"jeffrey epstein" cjeevacation@gmail.com>, 
"Paul Morris" 
sahni" 
"vahe Stepanian" 
03/04/2014 10:01 AM 
Classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - vinit and I just tried to catch you. when's a good time to 
connect? 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110113 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256297 
EFTA01452833

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452834.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mobile 
Fax: 
E-mail : 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110114 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00258298 
EFTA01452834

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452835.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
3/4/2014 6:33:12 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Subject: 
Re: Ill 
classification: For internal use only 
my guess he was traveling all day 
 original message  
From: Tazia smith 
Sent: 03/04/2014 06:23 PM EST 
To: Paul Morris 
cc: vinit sahni; va e Stepan an 
Subject: Re: [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Perfect, will do. Thank you. 
Vinit - patch you in at 9am ET, if that works? (before US open, but close 
enough to have sense of direction/levels) 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
mew York. NY 10154 
 original message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 06:00 PM EST 
To: Tazia smith 
cc: vinit sahni 
Subject: Re: [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
just spoke with him, "he just landed on the island" he said call in the 
morning 
Paul morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
From: 
Tazia Smith/ 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Cc: 
Vinit sahni 
Date: 
03/04/2014 05:49 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110115 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256299 
EFTA01452835

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452836.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Re: [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
Tazia smith 
Director 
Key client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
 original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 04:37 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: vinit Sahni 
Subject: Re: 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
did u all connect? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
From: 
To: 
"jeffrey epstein" <jeevacationOgmail.com›, 
cc: 
"Paul Morris" 
, "vinit Sahni" 
, "vahe Stepanian" 
Date: 
03/04/2014 10:01 AM 
Subject: 
Classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - Vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good time to 
connect? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110116 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256300 
EFTA01452836

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452837.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Valuations System rvaluations.system@db.coml 
3/4/2014 7:08:02 PM 
Joseph Cothron 
Smith 
I; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL 11.0 as at 4 Mar 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140304_20140305_1.pdf; 182298_20140304_20140305_1.csv 
Amanda Kirby 
Paul Morris 
lI 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Gedeon Pinedo 
;Tazia 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Valuation_Statement_-_EMIR_Language_1309.pdf 
182298_20140304_20140305_1 
54523225 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110118 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256302 
EFTA01452837

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452838.pdf
----------------------------------------
nor 
e an 
SOUTHERN FINAN 
Request 18 
As of 04 Mar.
P7777:5777.7 
Mar 2014 
Page 2 Of 2 
Deutsche BeekAO 
SOUTHERN MAMMAL, LLC 
Nage 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FtEurcepl 
21-No/-2013 
20.10%42014 
25.11ov.2014 
(1.030003 00) 
USD 
101.030.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
ELFtOPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
5. 19/.12.1a 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHF_RN 
FXOneBanDneT 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.00000) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
14065 48 
710423461 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
366364436l 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarOneT 
21-Nov-2013 
201Iov.2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21,(IX CO) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
12,11537 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
36,3364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBanDneT 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25.Nov.2014 
(21.000 WI 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EtPCPEAN 
0.0000 
10.357 45 
710423465 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
ouchOpl 
377817895i 
SOUTHERN 
FtEuroOpl 
17-Jan-2014 
17,44x.2014 
21.*-2014 
(10.000.00 031 
USD 
neon oo 
CAD 
SHORT 
EIPCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
,I% 882 42) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarEuro 
17-len.2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(100090:00D) 
USD 
11.300,000 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
18.278 60 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
OPI 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FkuroOpl 
31-Jan-2014 
01-May-2014 
07-May-2014 
(10.0:0.020.03) 
USD 
1.025.000,000 
2? 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALI. 
1025000 
1120.478 23) 
745230311 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
Subtotal: 
(260.510 Ca 
Total: 
(260.510.00) 
Statement ID : 182288_20140304_20140305_1 
The valuation Information set forth in this statement is prowled subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110120 
SDNY_GM_00256304 
EFTA01452838

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452839.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vinit Sahni 
Sent: 
3/5/2014 1:21:44 AM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Ili 
Vahe Stepanian 
Am travelling today paul will probably be on a flight then my flight lands in Zurich around 4pm Zurich time 
10am nyt 
Vinit 
On 4 Mar 2014, at 23:23, "Tazia Smith" 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Perfect, will do. Thank you. 
Vinit - patch you in at 9am ET, if that works? (before US open, but close enough to have sense 
of direction/levels) 
Min 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Paul Moms 
— Original Message ---
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 06:00 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Co: Vinit Sahni 
Subject: Re: (I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
just spoke with him, "he just landed on the island" he said call in the morning 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110122 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256306 
EFTA01452839

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452840.pdf
----------------------------------------
Office
Cell: 
Tazia Smith--03/04/2014 05:49:50 PM—Classification: For internal use only Have not reached 
him, despite our efforts 
from: 
Tazia Smi 
To: 
Paul Morri 
Cc: 
Vinit Salmi/ 
Date: 
03/04/2014 05:49 PM 
Subject: Re: II) 
Classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Paul Morris 
-- Original Message ---
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 04:37 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: Vinit Sahni 
Subject: Re: 
(II 
Classification: For internal use only 
did u all connect? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110123 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00258307 
EFTA01452840

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452841.pdf
----------------------------------------
Office:
Cell: 
Tazia Smith--03/04/2014 10:01:33 AM--Classification: External Communication Eli Jeffrey -
Vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good time to connect? 
From: 
Tazia Smith/
To: 
weffrev 
ein" <*eevacationit mail.com> 
Cc: 
"Paul Morris" 
>, Wink Saha' 
."Vahe 
Stepanian" 
Date: 
Subject: 
03/04/2014 10:01 AM 
Classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - Vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good time to connect? 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110124 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00293308 
EFTA01452841

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452842.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vinit Sahni 
Sent: 
3/5/2014 1:23:53 AM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: [I] 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Sony Tazia meant u :-) 
Vinit 
On 5 Mar 2014, at 06:21, "Vinit Sahni" ‹
> wrote: 
Am travelling today paul will probably be on a flight then my flight lands in Zurich around 4pm 
Zurich time 10am nyt 
Vinit 
On 4 Mar 2014, at 23:23, "Tazia Smith" ‹
> wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Perfect, will do. Thank you. 
Vinit - patch you in at 9am ET, if that works? (before US open, but close enough 
to have sense of direction/levels) 
!MI 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Paul Morns 
---- Original Message ---
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 06:00 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: Vinit Sahni 
Subject: Re: [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
just spoke with him, "he just landed on the island" he said call in the morning 
Paul Morris 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110125 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256309 
EFTA01452842

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452843.pdf
----------------------------------------
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
Tazia Smith---03/04/2014 05:49:50 PM--Classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
From: 
Tazia Smitb/db/dbcom 
To: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
Cc: 
Vinit Sahni/db/dbcom 
Date: 
03/04/2014 05:49 PM 
Subject: Re: III 
Classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Paul Morris 
--- Original Message --
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 04:37 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: Vinit Sahni 
Subject: Re: 
(II 
Classification: For internal use only 
did u all connect? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110126 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256310 
EFTA01452843

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452844.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tazia Smith---03/04/2014 10:01:33 AM—Classification: External 
Communication Hi Jeffrey - Vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good 
time to connect? 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcomlilDBAMERICAS 
To: 
Jeffrey epstein" <jeevacationAgnutil.com>.
Cc: 
"Paul Morris" <a 
Winit Salmi" ~, 
Walt
Stepanian" < 
Date: 
03/04/2014 11,11
'
Subject: 
Classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - Vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good time to connect? 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110127 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256311 
EFTA01452844

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452845.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 [misetl.appwmpl.us.db.com@discard.mail.db.coml 
Sent: 
3/5/2014 2:33:21 AM 
To: 
RM0081851@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140305 
RM CODE 
81851 
03/04/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT K 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,638,593.01 
DOMINI UE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMET EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
500,629.96 
3EGE, INC 
D 
218,959.74 
3EGE, LLC 
D 
286,096.97 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
173,557.73 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
164,598.51 
NES, LLC 
D 
253,790.17 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,980,891.71 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,259.94 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110128 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256312 
EFTA01452845

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452846.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/5/2014 8:48:53 AM 
To: 
Vinit Sahni 
CC: 
Paul Morri 
Vahe Stepanian 
Nav Gupta 
Subject: 
Re: II] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Okay - 10.30am nyt then. Given the futures and the conversation we want to have around entry-point orders, that timing's just fine as 
far as our trades go. I'll coordinate w JE/Lcsky so we arc sum to connect this time. Safe travels 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
From: Vinit Sahni 
Sent: 03/05/2014 06:23 AM GMT 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: Paul Morris; 
Subject: Re: III 
Sony Tazia meant u :-) 
Vinit 
On 5 Mar 2014, at 06:21, "Vinit Sahni" a 
wrote: 
Am travelling today paul will probably be on a flight then my flight lands in Zurich around 4pm 
Zurich time 10am nyt 
Vinit 
On 4 Mar 2014, at 23:23, "Tazia Smith" a 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Perfect, will do. Thank you. 
Vinit - patch you in at 9am ET, if that works? (before US open, but close enough 
to have sense of direction/levels) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110129 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00256313 
EFTA01452846

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452847.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
Paul Morris 
Original Message --
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 06:00 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: Vinit Sahni 
Subject: Re: [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
just spoke with him, "he just landed on the island" he said call in the morning 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue 27th Floor 
Tazia Smith---03/04/2014 05:49:50 PM--Classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
Front 
Tazia Smith/ 
To: 
Paul Morris/db 
Cc: 
Vinit Saluti/db/ 
Date: 
03/04/2014 05:49 PM 
Subject: Re: (I) 
Classification: For internal use only 
Have not reached him, despite our efforts 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110130 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256314 
EFTA01452847

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452848.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Paul Morris 
— Original Message — 
Prom: Paul Morris 
Sent: 03/04/2014 04:37 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: Vinit Sahni 
Subject: Re: 
(11 
Classification: For internal use only 
did u all connect? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Floor 
Tazia Smith---03/04/2014 10:01:33 AM—Classification: External 
Communication Hi Jeffrey - Vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good 
time to connect? 
From: 
Tazia Smit 
To: 
"jeffrey epstein" <ieevacationdagmail.com>.
Cc: 
"Paul Morris' 
"Vinit Sahni" 
"Vahe
Stepanian" < 
Dale: 
03/04/2014 10:01 AM 
Subject: 
Classification: External Communication 
Hi Jeffrey - Vinit and I just tried to catch you. When's a good time to connect? 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110131 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00293315 
EFTA01452848

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452849.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110132 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256316 
EFTA01452849

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452850.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
105/108 Old Broad St (Pinners Hall), EC2N lEN London, United Kingdom 
Tel. 
Mobi 
Emai 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAwm Key Client Partners 
("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its 
affiliates ("Ds"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended 
recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment 
advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by 
MiFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks associated with 
any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All 
trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals 
prior to execution. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28156.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110134 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256318 
EFTA01452850

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452851.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01452851

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452852.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Tazia Smith; paul.norri 
Vinit Sahni 
Subject: usdcad update for )E I 
Classification: For internal use only 
three points 
1. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
2. CAD 2y swap rate higher (not lower as i had expected) vs US rates compared 
to 2mths ago - bullish cad 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21364.gif) 
canada still has v vulnerable housing sector and several high profile clients 
have been exiting canadian risk (pimco ed devlin in ft last week) but 
nevertheless given 1 and 2 above im less bearish cad vs usd than 2mths ago 
when JE entered the trade. 
so given 1 and 2 im surprised usdcad hasnt moved lower - i dont have a view on 
usdcad here and therefore dont like the trade anymore 
Nay 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic32223.gif) 
Nay Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
105/108 Old Broad St (Pinners Hall), EC2N lEN London, United Kingdom 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners 
("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its 
affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended 
recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment 
advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by 
MiFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks associated with 
any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All 
trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals 
prior to execution. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30056.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110139 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256323 
EFTA01452852

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452853.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01452853

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452854.pdf
----------------------------------------
Consider unwinding your cad trade. See may's comments below, but essentially 
higher energy prices and outflows of short CAD are expected to provide 
support/remove downward pressure on the currency. 
You paid 1109k for your reverse knock-in call spread. Indicative unwind level 
today is 5136k (source: DB WM FX Tading, 3/5/14). Consider taking the 127k 
gain. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth mana ement 
 Original Message  
From: Nay Gupta 
Sent: 03/05/2014 01:02 PM GMT 
To: Tazia Smith; 
Subject: usdcad update for )E [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
three points 
vinit Sahni 
1. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
2. CAD 2y swap rate higher (not lower as i had expected) vs uS rates compared 
to 2mths ago - bullish cad 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic08004.gif) 
canada still has v vulnerable housing sector and several high profile clients 
have been exiting canadian risk (pimco ed devlin in ft last week) but 
nevertheless given 1 and 2 above im less bearish cad vs usd than 2mths ago 
when JE entered the trade. 
so given 1 and 2 im surprised usdcad hasnt moved lower - i dont have a view on 
usdcad here and therefore dont like the trade anymore 
Nay 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30411.gif) 
Nay Gupta 
managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
Deutsche Asset & wealth mana•ement 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the neAwm Key client Partners 
("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its 
affiliates ("08"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended 
recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment 
advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by 
MiFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks associated with 
any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110144 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256328 
EFTA01452854

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452855.pdf
----------------------------------------
trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals 
prior to execution. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22001.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110145 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00258329 
EFTA01452855

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452856.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01452856

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452857.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110147 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00258331 
EFTA01452857

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452858.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110148 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256332 
EFTA01452858

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452859.pdf
----------------------------------------
Notional2 
-11,300,000 
Strike 
1.13 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDat Mon 21 April 2014 
e 
Barrier 
1.17 
FixingReferen SPOT 
ce 
Premium 
20,000 
PremiumTerms USD 
Premiumpate 
Thu 06 March 2014 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30367.gif) 
Vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Wealth Investment Coverage 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobil 
Email 
From: 
To: 
"Jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
• 
" 
stepanian" 
, "Nav Gupta 
Date: 
03/05/2014 10:05 AM 
Subject: 
Re: Unwind your CAD [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
, "Paul Morris" < 
"vinit sahni" 
Jeffrey- that's done. sold the structure at 5115k v 5109k cost, will send 
detail of each leg. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - uS 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110150 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256334 
EFTA01452859

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452860.pdf
----------------------------------------
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
 original message  
From: Tazia Smith 
sent: 03/05/2014 09:54 AM EST 
To: "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
subject: Re: unwind your CAD [c] 
classification: confidential 
Jeffrey - As discussed, taking the trade. speak with you at 1pm! 
Best, 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
 original Message  
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 03/05/2014 09:51 AM EST 
To: "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
subject: unwind your CAD [c] 
classification: confidential 
Jeffrey -
consider unwinding your cad trade. See Nav's comments below, but essentially 
higher energy prices and outflows of short CAD are expected to provide 
support/remove downward pressure on the currency. 
You paid 5109k for your reverse knock-in call spread. Indicative unwind level 
today is S136k (source: DB WM FX Tading, 3/5/14). consider taking the S27k 
gain. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110151 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256335 
EFTA01452860

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452861.pdf
----------------------------------------
 Original Message  
From: Nav Gupta 
Sent: 03/05/2014 01:02 PM GMT 
To: Tazia Smith; 
Subject: usdcad u ate or JE I 
Classification: For internal use only 
three points 
; Vinit Sahni 
1. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
2. CAD 2y swap rate higher (not lower as i had expected) vs us rates compared 
to 2mths ago - bullish cad 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01426.gif) 
canada still has v vulnerable housing sector and several high profile clients 
have been exiting canadian risk (pimco ed devlin in ft last week) but 
nevertheless given 1 and 2 above im less bearish cad vs usd than 2mths ago 
when JE entered the trade. 
so given 1 and 2 im surprised usdcad hasnt moved lower - i dont have a view on 
usdcad here and therefore dont like the trade anymore 
Nay 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic0714S.gif) 
Nam Gupta 
managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
10S/108 Old Broad St (Pinners Hall), EC2N lEN London, United Kingdom 
Tel. 
mobile 
Email 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the peAwm Key Client Partners 
("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its 
affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended 
recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment 
advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by 
MiFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks associated with 
any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All 
trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals 
prior to execution. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20994.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110152 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256336 
EFTA01452861

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452862.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110153 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00258337 
EFTA01452862

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452863.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01452863

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452864.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Wealth Investment Coverage 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wean') Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154-0004 
From. 
Tazia Smith 
To. 
Jeffrey epstein" 
Cc: 
iralaagara
>. "Paul Morris' -
 "VIM Sahni" 
Da 
0310542014 10:05 AKA 
Subject: Re: Unwind your CAD (C) 
>, "Nav Gupta" 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey- that's done. Sold the structure at $115k v $109k cost, will send detail of each leg. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
---- Original Message ----
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 03/05/2014 09:54 AM EST 
To: "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Unwind your CAD (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110158 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256342 
EFTA01452864

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452865.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey - As discussed, taking the trade. Speak with you at 1pm! 
Best, 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
---- Original Message ---
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 03/05/2014 09:51 AM EST 
To: "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
Subject: Unwind your CAD (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Consider unwinding your cad trade. See Nays comments below, but essentially higher energy prices and outflows of 
short CAD are expected to provide support/remove downward pressure on the currency. 
You paid $109k for your reverse knock-in call spread. Indicative unwind level today is $136k (source: DB WM FX Tading, 
3/5/14). Consider taking the 527k gain. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
Original Message — 
From: Nav Gupta 
Sent: 03/05/2014 01:02 PM GMT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110159 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256343 
EFTA01452865

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452866.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Tazia Smith; 
Subject: usdcad update for JE (IJ 
Classification: For internal use only 
three points 
1. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
2. CAD 2 swa rate tit her not lower as i had ex 
• 
1.&165 
Last Price 
cl 
CDSW2 Curncy 1.3460 
USSW2 Curncy 0.4705 
• - 
Low: 1.2460 
CDSW2 Curncy - USSW2 Curncy 0.8755 
CDSW2 Cun,
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
2013 
(CAD NAP 
Dec 
Mar 
Jan 
Feb 
2014 
YR) Daily CSSEP2013-05MAR2014 
Copyright @ 2014 Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
cte 
Vinit Sahni 
vs US rates coin • ared to 2mths a o - bullish cad 
1.6000 Last 
0.8755
Mean 
0.932 
-17.95 1.3460 
Off Avg 
ttedlan 
-0.0565 
0.9566 
1.2000 5tDey
St0ev from mean 
0.0796 
-0.7098 
Percentile 
28.4615 
1.0000 
huh 09/18/13 
1.0675 
Low 01/23/14 
0.754 
0.8000 
0.6000 
 ; • 
0.4705 
U.94.S.X./ 
LOS 
1.00 
0.95 
.8755 
0.85 
0.80 
0.75 
OS-Mar-2014 12:56:14 
canada still has v vulnerable housing sector and several high profile clients have been exiting canadian risk (pimco ed 
devlin in ft last week) but nevertheless given 1 and 2 above im less bearish cad vs usd than 2mths ago when JE entered 
the trade. 
so given 1 and 2 im surprised usdcad hasnt moved lower - i dont have a view on usdcad here and therefore dont like the 
trade anymore 
Nav 
Nav Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG, Male London 
Deutsche Asset a Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110160 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256344 
EFTA01452866

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452867.pdf
----------------------------------------
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners (KCP") London desk for discussion purposes oNy. and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its affliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail 
only. The KCP London desk does not provide invesbnent advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiFID). who understand the 
strategy. characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be 
subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
Pescierk.-hr Petro-rm. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110161 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256345 
EFTA01452867

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452868.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
3/5/2014 12:58:25 PM 
To: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Fw: II] 
Classification: For internal use only 
fyi, once you're all on the call, can u conf je in? 
Paul Morris 
managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Forwarded by Paul Morris/db/dbcom on 03/05/2014 12:58 PM 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbci
l 
Cc: 
Paul Morris/db 
Date: 
03/05/2014 12:26 PM 
Subject: 
Re: [I] 
Please call Jeffrey at 
Thanks 
sent from my iPhone 
a'
on mar 5, 2014, at 12:24 PM, Tazia Smith < 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Understood - thank you! 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
Newyork NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110162 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256346 
EFTA01452868

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452869.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: 03/05/2014 12:16 PM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
Subject: Re: [I] 
Ni
I
Tazia. I have asked Jeffrey again to please advise the best number to 
reach him on at 1:00 and am awaiting answer. If we don't hear back, I 
would try his cell first. And if he wants you to call him on another 
number he can tell you at that time. 
sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 5, 2014, at 10:05 AM, Tazia Smith <tazia.smith@db.com> wrote: 
classification: For internal use only 
Thank you! 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New vork NY 10154 
From: Lesley Groff 
sent: 03/05/2014 09:56 AM EST 
To: Tazia Smith 
cc: Paul Morris; vahe stepanian 
subject: Re: 
I 
Tazia! Jeffrey says 1pm will work! I will get you a number to 
call him on directly. 
Sent from my iPhone 
on Mar 5, 2014, at 8:52 AM, Tazia smith <tazia.smith@db.com> 
wrote: 
Classification: External Communication 
Good Morning Lesley! would 10.30 ET or 1pm ET work in 
Jeffrey's schedule today? I can also call him now 
(unfortunately vinit can't make that time, but I do want to 
be sure to connect with Jeffrey today). 
Thank you for your help! 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110163 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256347 
EFTA01452869

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452870.pdf
----------------------------------------
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
From: Lesley Groff 
sent: 03/04/2014 10: 
AM EsT 
To: Tazia Smith 
Subject: Re: 
good deal...let me know if he doesn't answer and I am happy 
to try to help out! 
On Mar 4, 2014, at 10:01 AM, Tazia Smith 
> wrote: 
Classification: External Communication 
Ni Jeffrey - vinit and I just tried to catch you. 
When's a good time to connect? 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have 
received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or 
distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and 
the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded 
as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110164 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256348 
EFTA01452870

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452871.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Valuations System 
Sent: 
3/5/2014 5:50:42 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
Gedeon Pinedo 
Joseph Cothron I 
); Paul Morris 
Tazia Smith 
I; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC as at S Mar 2014 - Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140305_20140306_1.pdf; 182298_20140305_20140306_1xsv 
Dear Si r/Madam, 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the •rovi si on of valuations for dail marks: 
In reference to the .rovision of •ortfolio data and dis.ute resolution under EMIR: 
182298_20140305_20140306_1 
54593464 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110166 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256350 
EFTA01452871

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452872.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank AG 
For Sales Inquiries Contact 
Tazia Smith (Tell 
/Email) 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY (Tel) 
(Email 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
To: 
Jabwcpa Gmail (Email 
Harrybeller Gmail (Email) 
ichard Kahn12 (Email) 
Gedeon Pinedo (Email) 
Vahe Stepanian (Email) 
Fx Rates: 
USD/EUR = .7279079924 
Note:-All Values are shown from the DB Group's point of view. A negative Value therefore expresses an amount which is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in 08 Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
Deutsche Bank Group ("DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instrument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model prices, external sources, market prices and/or 0B's internal books and records prices. Valuations may be adjusted to take into account market. liquidity. credit. 
operational or other risks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally 
always decline over time, as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including those containing Premium Adjustments, may not 
represent the terms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with DB. DB may change its valuation methodology and the related 
adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different assumptions or calculated using other 
methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. My subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuation. This difference can be less favourable to 
you, and due to the volatility of market conditions, the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors. the differential could be substantial. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in calculating or disseminating valuations, or 
for any inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies, adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that are either used or relied upon by you or any 
other party for any reason including, without limitation, your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256351 
DB-SDNY-0110167 
EFTA01452872

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452873.pdf
----------------------------------------
T 
e an 
SOUTHERN FINAN 
Request 182298 
t, 
As of 05 Mar 14 
P77,77:5777.77 
AIMS 
0514w 2014 
Papa 
Of 2 
O•utudip Bork AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FtEurolOpI 
21-Nor-2013 
20Nov2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1.0130000 00) 
USD 
101,000,000 
FY 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
:id 93' 1(.1 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHF_RN 
FXOneBatOneT 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov2014 
25-Nov2014 
(21.000.00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
13.670 13 
710423461 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
outhOpl 
366364436r 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarOneT 
21-N4:m2013 
20tiov2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.030 00) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
11.762 26 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
FXOnef3a0OneT 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov2014 
25.Nov.2014 
(21.000 CC
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0000 
10.04036 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
ouchOpl 
377817895i 
SOUTHERN 
FxEuroOpl 
17-Jan-2014 
17.A/x.2014 
2144x-2014 
(10.000.0(0 00) 
USD 
11,003,000.00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EIPICPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
('31086783 
737154817 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3778178W 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarEuro 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.CCO.00O OD) 
USD 
11,300,00000 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
14.501 00 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
OPI 
381388504/ 
SOUTHERN 
FiEuroOpl 
31-Jan-2014 
01-May-2014 
07-May-2014 
/10B:0.320.00) 
USD 
1025.000000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALI. 
1025000 
1128237 49) 
745230311 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
Subtotal: 
(24,3 282 64; 
Total: 
(248.283.64) 
Statement ID : 182298_20140305_20140306_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is prowled subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
 a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110168 
SDNY_GM_00256352 
EFTA01452873

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452874.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
3/6/2014 2:28:29 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140306 
RM CODE 
81851 
03/05/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,572,737.10 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
500,629.96 
JEGE, INC 
D 
218,959.74 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,096.97 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
152,214.13 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
147,826.91 
NES, LLC 
D 
232,962.58 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,980,891.71 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,259.94 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110170 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256354 
EFTA01452874

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452875.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Fw: Incoming as • ert 
Attachments: pic21746.gif; pic12148.gif 
Amanda Kirby 
3/6/2014 10:38:50 AM 
au 
orr 
Classification: Public 
Vahe Stepanian 
Rich - FYI, 1115,000 came into the Southern Financial brokerage account today. 
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21746.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12148.gif) 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 03/06/2014 10:38 AM 
From: 
Vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom 
To: 
Amanda 
Kirby/db/.
Date: 
03/06/2014 10:33 AM 
Subject: 
Fw: Incoming Cash Alert [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Fyi... 
Forwarded by vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom on 03/06/2014 10:33 AM 
From: 
To: 
vahe stepanian/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, 
Date: 
03/06/2014 10:01 AM 
Subject: 
Incoming Cash Alert 
A deposit of 115,000.00 US S was received for account: 
via Incoming 
wire. Amount exceeds 1.00 US S. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110172 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256356 
EFTA01452875

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452876.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian [ 
Sent: 
3/6/2014 10:41:11 AM 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
CC: 
Paul MorrisimMINIMill 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Incoming Cash Alert 
Classification: Public 
Rich - note that the $115k represents the proceeds from yesterday's CAD option unwind. 
Please give me a call should you have questions. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Wealth Investment Coverage 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 28th Floor 
New York, NY 10154-WU 
From 
Amanda Krbytdbfdbcom 
Cc' 
Paul Morrisidb/SMIONSIS Vahe Steparian/dIMME 
Date. 
03/08,2014 10:38 AM 
Subject 
Fw. Incoming Cash Alert 
Classification: Public 
Rich - FYI, $115,000 came into the Southern Financial brokerage account today. 
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0304 New York. NY. USA 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110175 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256359 
EFTA01452876

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452877.pdf
----------------------------------------
Email 
PASCO-P.-117 Pedirtrin 
Securities offered through 
unties Inc. 
Forwarded by Amanda 1
Drbycialie, 
0346/2014 10:38 AM —
Front. 
Vahe Stepaniary 
To. 
Amanda Kirby 
Date 
03/06/2014 10:33 AM 
Substat 
Fw. Incoming Cash Alen (II 
Classification: For internal use only 
Fyi... 
- 
For warded by Vahe StepaniaNdbldbcom on 03:06,2014 10:33 AM --
Fran,. 
NetExchart 
To. 
Vahe Stepanian 
Date. 
03106201410':01 AM 
Incoming Cash Alert 
A deposit of 115,000.00 US $ was received for account:N4G023804 via Incoming wire. Amount 
exceeds 1.00 US $. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110176 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256360 
EFTA01452877

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452878.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic04360.gif) 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 03/06/2014 10:38 AM 
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
Date: 
03/06/2014 10:33 AM 
Subject: 
Fw: Incoming Cash Alert [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Fyi... 
Forwarded by Vahe Stepanian 
on 03/06/2014 10:33 AM 
From: 
NetExchange0Financialalerts.net 
TO: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Date: 
03/06/2014 10:01 AM 
Subject: 
Incoming Cash Alert 
A deposit of 115.000.00 US S was received for account:N4G023804 via Incoming 
wire. Amount exceeds 1.00 US S. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110178 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256362 
EFTA01452878

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452879.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
3/6/2014 12:24:37 PM 
To: 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Fw: Incoming Cash Alert 
Attachments: pic00561.gif; pic02559.gif 
Classification: Public 
Rich. Received from Citi into Jeepers 
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
Paul Morris 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic00561.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Sank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. + 
Fax + 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02559.gif) 
securities offered through Deuts 
Securities Inc. 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby 
on 03/06/2014 12:23 PM 
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
Date: 
03/06/2014 12:22 PM 
Subject: 
Fw: Incoming Cash Alert [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Rec'd from Citibank. 
 Forwarded by vahe Stepanianillillillon 
03/06/2014 12:22 PM 
From: 
NetExchange@Financialalerts.net 
To: 
vahe stepanian 
Date: 
03/06/2014 12:20 PM 
Subject: 
Incoming Cash Alert 
A deposit of 417,960.10 US S was received for account 
via Incoming 
wire. Amount exceeds 1.00 us S. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110183 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256367 
EFTA01452879

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452880.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110184 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256368 
EFTA01452880

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452881.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby [ 
Sent: 
3/6/2014 3:13:59 PM 
To: 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Fw: Incoming Cash Alert 
Attachments: pic02380.gif; pic04658.gif; pic22478.gif 
Classification: Public 
Rich -- Incoming from Citi into Jeepers 
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02380.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic04658.gif) 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 03/06/2014 03:13 PM 
From: 
Vahe stepanian/db/dbcom 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db 
Date: 
03/06/2014 03:08 PM 
Subject: 
Fw: Incoming Cash Alert [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Fyi for Jeepers. Again from Citibank. 
Working on wire as we speak.(Embedded image moved to file: pic22478.gif) 
Forwarded by Vahe stepanian/db/dbcom on 03/06/2014 03:08 PM 
From: 
To: 
vahe Stepanian/db/lIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
Date: 
03/06/2014 03:07 PM 
subject: 
Incoming Cash Alert 
A deposit of 278,186.55 us S was received for account 
wire. Amount exceeds 1.00 uS S. 
via Incoming 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110187 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256371 
EFTA01452881

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452882.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110189 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256373 
EFTA01452882

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452883.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110191 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256375 
EFTA01452883

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452884.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank AG 
For Sales Inquiries Contact 
Tazia Smith (Tell 
(Email) 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY (Tel) 
(Email) 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
To: 
Jabwcpa Gmail (Email) 
Harrybeller Gmail (Email) 
Richard Kahn12 (Email) 
Gedeon Pinedo (Email) 
Vahe Stepanian (Email) 
Fx Rates: 
USD/EUR = 7225172501 
Note:-All Values are shown from the DB Group's point of view. A negative Value therefore expresses an amount which Is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in 09 Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
Deutsche Bank Group ("DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instrument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model prices, external sources, market prices and/or DB's internal books and records prices. Valuations may be adjusted to take into account market, liquidity, credit, 
operational or other risks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally 
always decline over time, as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including those containing Premium Adjustments, may not 
represent the terms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with DB. DB may change its valuation methodology and the related 
adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different assumptions or calculated using other 
methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. My subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuation. This difference can be less favourable to 
you, and due to the volatility of market conditions. the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors. the differential could be substantial. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in calculating or disseminating valuations, or 
for any inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies, adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that are either used or relied upon by you or any 
other party for any reason including, without limitation, your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID: 18229820140306_201403071 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110193 
SDNY_GM_00256377 
EFTA01452884

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452885.pdf
----------------------------------------
e an 
raup 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
Request 
M of 06 Mar 14 
Mar 2014 
Page 
Of 2 
Deutsche BSc AO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
91-Oploas 
Settlement 
Not.Ccy 
Not.Ccy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Amt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USO) 
SOUTHERN 
ExEurcepl 
21-Nor-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
254lov..2014 
(1.0:0 CO3 00; 
USD 
101.030.000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1010000 
:-Ii 983 e7( 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
FXOneBatOneT 
ouchOpt 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.00000) 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.0003 
12.25254 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
FXOnef3arOneT 
ouchOpt 
21-Nor-2013 
20.Nov2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21ff COI 
USD 
JPY 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
0.000D 
10.475 23 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
EXOnef3anOneT 
ouchOpt 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov2014 
254404014 
(21.000 WI 
USD 
FY 
LONG 
EtRCPEAN 
0.0000 
8,890 13 
SOUTHERN 
ExEuroOpl 
17-Jan-2014 
17-A4x-2014 
21-Arx.2014 
(10.CCO.0030:4 
USD 
11.000.000 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
;81.72180) 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
SOUTHERN 
EXOneBarEuro 
17-Jan-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.COD.00O OD) 
USD 
11,300,00003 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1303 
7,360 41 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
OPI 
SOUTHERN 
FkuroOpt 
31-Jan-2014 
01-May-2014 
07-May-2014 
(10.0:0.020.03j 
USD 
1.025.000,000 
JPY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
102 5003 
,:53237821
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
F)EurcOpl 
C6-aka-2014 
17.44'4014 
Apf.2014 
10,000,00000 
USD 
i 110000k03) 
CAD 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
81.721 80 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBatEuro 
C6-Wer,2014 
174ex-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10,0 Al CO; 
USD 
11,300,003 00 
CAD 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
(7.360 41j 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
OP1
Subbtal: 
(1746"33801 
Bat 
(174,603.80) 
Statement ID : 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 110194 
SDNY_GM_00256378 
EFTA01452885

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452886.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
3/7/2014 2:23:15 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20140307 
RM CODE 
81851 
03/06/14 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,335,701.73 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
AND 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
589,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
394,793.42 
HYPERION AIR, INC 
D 
500,629.96 
JEGE, INC 
D 
218,959.74 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
286,096.97 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
152,214.13 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
143,384.37 
NES, LLC 
D 
232,781.85 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
38,980,891.71 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
166,259.94 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110196 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256380 
EFTA01452886

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452887.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/7/2014 12:33:50 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris..: 
Va he Stepanian 
Vinit Sahni 
Nay Gupta 
Subject: 
USDCAD RKI Call Spread Valuation History • CHART ill 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - 
Chart of your USDCAD Reverse Knock In (RKI) Call Spread Valuation history below. Trade dates 1/17 and 3/5 (trade 
details below). 
USDCAD RKI Call Spread Valuation History 
180,000 
160,000 
140,000 
120,000 
100,000  
80,000 
60,000  
40,000 
20,000 
■ 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
a 
• • 
■ -.Net Value 
• 
■ 
a 
• 
■ 
■ 
ge"e 
cre,_ 
t?,
„, 
,e 
-.Jo 
• ?o, 
cl) 
"0o 
O4 
"Poir 
"4? 
"%, 
-3
/4
"..47 
".% 
•
•
•
• 
•1 
Trade dates 1/17 and 3/5, represent actual bid/ask levels. All other valuations are mid-levels valuation directly from DB 
Valuation Statements. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110197 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256381 
EFTA01452887

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452888.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dates 
Net Value 
03/05/2014
03/04/2014 
03/03/2014 
C2C.-
115,000
138,600 
124,450 
121,260 
156,410 
137,970
CZCS, 
126,090 
C2
201:- 
122,520 
C2/: : 2014 
145,990 
C2/20/2014 
121,860 
02/18/2014 
83,620
02/14/2014 
92,170 
02/13/2014 
97,920 
02/11/2014 
117,670 
02/10/2014 
119,700 
02/06/2014 
124,600 
02/05/2014 
136,470 
148,360 
C1 
151,990 
2014 
119,700 
138,460 
C:'::: :: 
97,350 
01/17/2014 
109,995 
USDCAD Spot Price History 1/17114 through 3/15/14 
Table 
Etna Chart 
en: 
--- Forwarded by Vahe Stepanian. 
n03107/201412:17 PM — 
Rom' 
Vahe Steparva 
To 
"Jeffrey epstein' <Jecvacatton@gmail coop., 
Cc 
"Nay Gupta" 
. "Paul Moms" 
'Wet Sahnr 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110198 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256382 
EFTA01452888

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452889.pdf
----------------------------------------
DMc 
03,05(2014 10:18 AM 
Subject. Re. Unwind your CAD [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Jeffrey, 
Details of your CAD unwind are below. We will be following up with the chart you've requested. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
BuySell 
Client Sells 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
-10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
135,000 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 March 2014 
BuySell 
Client Buys 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,300,000 
Strike 
1.13 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
Barrier 
1.17 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
20,000 
PremiumTerrns 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 March 2014 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110199 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256383 
EFTA01452889

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452890.pdf
----------------------------------------
--- Forwarded by Tazia Smith -on 
0307,2014 12.18 PM ----
From. 
Tazia Smrtha 
To. 
J <jeevacabon@gmarl.com>@DEUBAINT. 
Cc 
P 
Moms. Vines Sahn 
Gupta 
ahe Stepania 
Date 
01/17/201412:05 PM 
Subiort 
Trade Report 1/17/14 III 
Nay 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - 
Today you bought a USDCAD 1.10/1.13, 1.17 knock-in call spread at 1.1% on 510mm USD notional ($109,995 premium 
paid). Complete details below. 
Speak with you soon, 
Tazia 
TradeType 
EUR 
CP 
Call 
BuySell 
Client Buys 
Currencyl 
USD 
Notional' 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
147,945 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Tue 21 January 2014 
DatabaselD 
TradeType 
RKI 
BuySell 
Client Sells 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
-10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
11,300,000 
Strike 
1.13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110200 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256384 
EFTA01452890

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452891.pdf
----------------------------------------
ZoneCut 
ExpiryDate 
SettlementDate 
Barrier 
FixingReference 
Premium 
PremiumTerms 
PremiumDate 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
Thu 17 April 2014 
Mon 21 April 2014 
1.17 
SPOT 
37,950 
USD 
Tue 21 January 2014 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Panners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
Newa
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
P c-icr .-/o Pee/cryp. 
From. 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
Ok 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jan 17, 2014, at 12:32 PM, Tazia Smith 
Classification: For internal use only 
10mm notional? 
J 
Tazia Smit 
01/17/201411:48 AM 
Re: Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Call Spread - 1.10 with a 1.13 sold 
call knocking-in only if USDCAD trades to 1.1711) 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256385 
DB-SDNY-0 110201 
EFTA01452891

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452892.pdf
----------------------------------------
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th ROW 
New York, NY 10154 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
From. 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationegmail.com>
To' 
Tazia &mita 
Date 
01/17/2014 11:15AM 
Subject 
Re: Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Cal Spread -1.10 with a 1.13 sold call knocking-in only it USDCAD trades to 1.17 III 
i like it 
size? 
On Fri, Jan 17, 2014 at 11:48 AM, Tazia Smith <a 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
Our US FX traders agree/like Nav's call here. The 3-month 1.10/1.13 USDCAD, 1.17 knock-in call 
spread (where that 1.13 short call only exists if USDCAD goes to 1.17 during the life of the trade) 
described below is currently offered -1.1% (Source: DB FX Sales, 1/17/14). Please see the 
investment thesis below and let us know your thoughts. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Indicative levels only. Subject to market movement. Source: DB Key Client Partners London, as of 
1/17/14. 
--- Forwarded by Tazia Smith,a 
01117,2014 10'35 AM ---
From. 
Nay Gupta 
To. 
Date 
01/17/2014 07:35 AM 
Subject 
I like buying USDCAD calls to position for further weakness in CAD. 
Spot FX c currertty 1.095. [I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110202 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256386 
EFTA01452892

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452893.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal use only 
I like USDCAD call options to position for further weakness in CAD. Spot FX is currently 1.095. 
Over the course of the past week the interest rate curve has started pricing in a small amount of rate 
cuts - this development is significant and clearly a beginning of a pain trade. I believe it can go 
further. Lower CAD rates from here will drive USD CAD higher. 
<mime-atlachment.gic> 
The limited downside play I like best in USDCAD is buying a 3month expiry 1.10 / 1.13 call spread on 
USDCAD but where the short 1.13 call position only  exists (knocks-in) if USD trades at 1.17 trades in 
the market before the option expires, otherwise the option payoff is the same as a 1.10 call option. 
It costs 1% of USD notional. I believe the buyer is well compensated for the knock-in component. 
If USDCAD rises to 1.15 the option payout is 5 big figures. If 1.17 trades before expiry the payout is 
limited to 3 big figures. 
Max loss is premium paid. 
We can price other structures to fit the risk tolerance (higher or lower) of clients - let us know 
Key Macro Highlights 
• 
The economy clearly lags the US. Dec13 unemployment unexpectedly rose last Friday to T2% 
• 
South of the border demand for USDCAD is declining as the US heads towards energy 
independence 
• 
Low inflation and weak exports are likely to preclude any rate hikes in 2014 
<mime-attachment.git,
Best, 
Nay 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Nav Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG. Fdiale London 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
105/108 Okl Broad St (Pinners Hall). EC2N lEN London. United Kingdom 
Tel. 
Mob 
Erna 
My proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners PKCP") London desk for discussion purposes onty, and do not create any 
legally balding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and r or its affiliates (Dr). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail 
only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiF1D), who understand the 
strategy. characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. M trades on proposed ideas shall be 
subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
<mime-allachment.gif> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110203 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256387 
EFTA01452893

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452894.pdf
----------------------------------------
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-
mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu disclosures.htm for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
DirectorlkeyClientkMmm-US 
Deutsche Sank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
Net
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
****************************************************** 
***** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110204 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256388 
EFTA01452894

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452895.pdf
----------------------------------------
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNIY-0110205 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250389 
EFTA01452895

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452896.pdf
----------------------------------------
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
-10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
Expi ryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
135,000 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 March 2014 
Client Buys 
BuySell 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,300,000 
Strike 
1.13 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
Expi ryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
Barrier 
1.17 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
20,000 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 march 2014 
Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 03/07/2014 12:18 PM 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
To: 
) <jeevacation@gmail.comAIDEUBAINT, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110207 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256391 
EFTA01452896

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452897.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: 
vahe 
Paul Morris, Vinit Sahni, 
Nav Gupta 
Stepanian 
Date: 
01/17/2014 12:05 PM 
Subject: 
Trade Report 1/17/14 [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
Today you bought a USDCAD 1.10/1.13, 1.17 knock-in call spread at 1.1% on 
S10mm USD notional ($109,995 premium paid). complete details below. 
Speak with you soon, 
Tazia 
TradeType 
EUR 
CP 
call 
BuySell 
Client Buys 
Currencyl 
USD 
Notionall 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDat Mon 21 April 2014 
e 
FixingReferen SPOT 
ce 
Premium 
147,945 
PremiumTerms USD 
PremiumDate 
Tue 21 January 2014 
DatabaseID 
TradeType 
RKI 
BuySell 
Client Sells 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
-10,000,000 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110208 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256392 
EFTA01452897

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452898.pdf
----------------------------------------
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
11,300,000 
Strike 
1.13 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDat Mon 21 April 2014 
e 
Barrier 
1.17 
FixingReferen SPOT 
ce 
Premium 
37,950 
PremiumTerms USD 
PremiumDate 
Tue 21 January 2014 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21428.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29437.gif) 
From: 
To: 
J <jeevacationMgmail.conm 
Tazia Smith 
Date: 
01/17/2014 11:48 AM 
Subject: 
Re: Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Call Spread - 1.10 with a 1.13 sold call knocking-in 
only if USDCAD 
trades to 1.17 (I] 
ok 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jan 17, 2014, at 12:32 PM, Tazia Smith 
Classification: For internal use only 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110209 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256393 
EFTA01452898

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452899.pdf
----------------------------------------
10mm notional? 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Date: 01/17/2014 11:15 AM 
Subje Re: Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Call Spread - 1.10 with a 1.13 
ct: 
sold call knocking-in only if USDCAD trades to 1.17 [I] 
i like it 
.. size ? 
On Fri, Jan 17, 2014 at 11:48 AM, Tazia Smith 
wrote: 
classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
our us Fx traders agree/like Nav's call here. The 3-month 1.10/1.13 
USDCAD, 1.17 knock-in call spread (where that 1.13 short call only 
exists if USDCAD goes to 1.17 during the life of the trade) described 
below is currently offered —1.1% (source: DB FX sales, 1/17/14). Please 
see the investment thesis below and let us know your thoughts. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Indicative levels only. Subject to market movement. Source: DB Key 
Client Partners London, as of 1/17/14. 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 01/17/2014 10:35 AM 
From: Nay Gupta 
To: 
Date: 01/17/2014 07:35 AM 
subjec I like buying USDCAD calls to position for further weakness in CAD. 
t: 
Spot FX is currently 1.095. [I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110210 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256394 
EFTA01452899

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452900.pdf
----------------------------------------
classification: For internal use only 
I like USDCAD call options to position for further weakness in CAD. Spot 
FX is currently 1.095. 
over the course of the past week the interest rate curve has started 
pricing in a small amount of rate cuts - this development is significant 
and clearly a beginning of a pain trade. I believe it can go further. 
Lower CAD rates from here will drive USD CAD higher. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
The limited downside play I like best in USDCAD is buying a 3month 
expiry 1.10 / 1.13 call spread on USDCAD but where the short 1.13 call 
position only exists (knocks-in) if USD trades at 1.17 trades in the 
market before the option expires, otherwise the option payoff is the 
same as a 1.10 call option. 
It costs 1% of USD notional. I believe the buyer is well compensated for 
the knock-in component. 
If USDCAD rises to 1.15 the option payout is S big figures. If 1.17 
trades before expiry the payout is limited to 3 big figures. 
Max loss is premium paid. 
We can price other structures to fit the risk tolerance (higher or 
lower) of clients - let us know 
Key Macro Highlights 
The economy clearly lags the US. Dec13 unemployment 
unexpectedly rose last Friday to 7.2% 
South of the border demand for USDCAD is declining as the uS 
heads towards energy independence 
Low inflation and weak exports are likely to preclude any rate 
hikes in 2014 
cmime-attachment.gif> 
Best, 
Nay 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Nav Gupta 
managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
1d Broad
(Pinners Hall), Ec2N lEN London, United Kingdom 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client 
Partners ("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not 
create any legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG 
and / or its affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of 
the intended recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not 
provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional 
investors (as defined by MiFID), who understand the strategy, 
characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and 
will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110211 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256395 
EFTA01452900

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452901.pdf
----------------------------------------
shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If 
you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in 
error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
44444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110212 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256396 
EFTA01452901

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452902.pdf
----------------------------------------
USDCAD RKI Call Spread Valuation History 
180,000 
160,000 
--IF- Net Value 
140,000 
120,000 
100,000 
— 
20,000 
60,000 
40,000 
20,000 
- 
r o 
i 
151...?..) 
t e ao
....?0 
'..i 4 )
02., 
, 
, 
. 
te
eii:.,?6.....1/4 
Oi....?,....", 
Cleo?  ...‘ 
r 0 
V o 
r t9 
V O 
lit 
, es, 
eir ),  ....ks  
ei1/2:)......1
V C,  
VC, 
Tq 4 
. es, 
I 
I 
I 
T—' 
"1 
0, ..s  
0‘..!..4...s  
0,  ,› ....ed,.... 
?Ise ..s  
0.4
r). . .5  
0% 
s,  
0%
,  
4), ...s
r Cr 
' • 0 
V O 
'CO 
V O 
VO 
Ire 
r 0 
rs, 
. /4, „ 
"„ 
.4 
. 'Pi, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110214 
SDNY_GM_00256398 
EFTA01452902

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452903.pdf
----------------------------------------
Edit
. 
triable 
(brace 
419S giimmin 
  e 
+ Track 
/ Annotate 
News 
Zoom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256400 
DB-SDNY-0 110216 
EFTA01452903

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452904.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/7/2014 2:10:16 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: USDCAD RKI Call Spread Valuation History - CHART (II 
Attachments: pic28245.gif; pic27285.gif; pic10988.gif; pic00850.gif; pic17354.gif; pic09109.gif; pic26126.gif; pic26826.gif; 
pic29455.gif; pic02564.gif; pic07241.gif; pic14010.gif; pic12188.gif; pic30854.gif; pic07816.gif; pic06131.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
replying to your email: "so we had two ooportunites since inception to have 
SOk profit. and waited until almost none.? 
please explain the low bids on 
todays mortage bond." 
with regard to CAD: view change. 
our original call was for 1.15 on usdcad, view stimulated by cad forwards 
starting to price in rate cuts and extended by weaker canadian economy (esp 
relative to us), energy independence in the us. Russian military action in 
Ukraine this week and sustained elevated energy prices catalyzed the change in 
view and our fear was the momentum of outflows/unwinding of short cad 
positions would continue -- entering in more downside than upside risk in this 
position, wanted to get you out. (details on original, and the change, in our 
investment thesis/outlook below. 
on the RM8S: 
db's bid was 62.5, was just letting you know. we are open architecture, 
don't need to trade with db. I'm working 74 or better level. i spoke with JP, 
understand they have a potential buyer there, and we are working to cross. be 
back. 
Forwarded by Tazia smith/db/dbcom on 03/07/2014 01:15 PM 
From: 
Nay otipta/ 
To: 
Tazia smith 
pate: 
03/05/2014 08:02 AM 
subject: 
usdcad update for JE (I] 
classification: For internal use only 
three points 
vinit 
1. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
2. CAD 2y swap rate higher (not lower as i had expected) vs VS rates compared 
to 2mths ago - bullish cad 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28245.gif) 
canada still has v vulnerable housing sector and several high profile clients 
have been exiting canadian risk (pimco ed devlin in ft last week) but 
nevertheless given 1 and 2 above im less bearish cad vs usd than 2mths ago 
when JE entered the trade. 
so given 1 and 2 im surprised usdcad hasnt moved lower - i dont have a view on 
usdcad here and therefore dont like the trade anymore 
Nay 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110219 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256403 
EFTA01452904

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452905.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic27285.gif) 
Nam Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
105/108 old Broad st (Pinners Hall), Ec2N lEN London, united Kingdom 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners 
("KcP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its 
affiliates ("OS"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended 
recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment 
advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by 
MiFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks associated with 
any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All 
trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant internal approvals 
prior to execution. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10988.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 03/07/2014 01:18 PM  
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.como 
To: 
Tazia Smith/ 
Date: 
01/17/2014 11:15 AM 
Subject: 
Re: Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Call Spread - 1.10 with a 1.13 sold call knocking-in 
only if USDCAD 
trades to 1.17 [I] 
i like it 
.. size ? 
On Fri, Jan 17, 2014 at 11:48 AM, Tazia Smith <tazia.smith@db.com> wrote: 
classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
Our US FX traders agree/like Nav's call here. The 3-month 1.10/1.13 USDCAD, 
1.17 knock-in call spread (where that 1.13 short call only exists if USDCAD 
goes to 1.17 during the life of the trade) described below is currently 
offered —1.1% (Source: DB FX sales, 1/17/14). Please see the investment 
thesis below and let us know your thoughts. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Indicative levels only. subject to market movement. Source: DB Key Client 
Partners London, as of 1/17/14. 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith 
on 01/17/2014 10:35 AM 
From: Nav Gupta 
To: 
Date: 01/17/2014 07:35 AM 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110220 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256404 
EFTA01452905

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452906.pdf
----------------------------------------
defined by MiFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks 
associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it 
independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant 
internal approvals prior to execution. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26126.gif) 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you 
are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26826.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29455.gif) 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02564.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07241.gif) 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110222 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256406 
EFTA01452906

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452907.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date: 
03/07/2014 01:12 PM 
Subject: 
Re: USDCAD RKI Call Spread Valuation History - CHART [I] 
so we had two ooportunites since inception to have 50k profit. and waited 
until almost none.? 
please explain the low bids on todays mortage bond 
On Fri, Mar 7, 2014 at 1:33 PM, Tazia Smith < 
wrote: 
classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - 
Chart of your USDCAD Reverse Knock In (RKI) Call Spread valuation history 
below. Trade dates 1/17 and 3/5 (trade details below). 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14010.gif) 
Trade dates 1/17 and 3/5, represent actual bid/ask levels. All other 
valuations are mid-levels valuation directly from DB Valuation Statements. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12188.gif) 
USDCAD Spot Price History 1/17/14 through 3/15/14 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic308S4.gif) 
 Forwarded by vahe Stepanian 
on 03/07/2014 12:17 PM 
From vahe Stepanian/ 
To: "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
cc: "may Gupta" 
, "Paul Morris" 
"Vinit Sahni" < 
Date 03/05/2014 10:18 AM 
Subj Re: Unwind your CAD [c] 
ect: 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Jeffrey, 
Details of your CAD unwind are below. We will be following up with the chart 
you've requested. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
BuySell 
Client Sells 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110223 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256407 
EFTA01452907

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452908.pdf
----------------------------------------
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
-10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
Zonetut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
Expi ryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
135,000 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 March 2014 
Client Buys 
BuySell 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,300,000 
strike 
1.13 
Zonefut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
Barrier 
1.17 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
20,000 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 march 2014 
Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 03/07/2014 12:18 PM 
From Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110224 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256408 
EFTA01452908

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452909.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: J <jeevacation@gmail.com>810EUBAINT, 
Cc: harrybelle 
, Paul Morris, Vinit Sahni 
, Nav 
Gupta 
, vahe Stepanian 
Date 01/17/2014 12:05 PM 
Subj Trade Report 1/17/14 [I] 
ect: 
classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
Today you bought a USDCAD 1.10/1.13, 1.17 knock-in call spread at 1.1% on 
SlOmm USD notional ($109,995 premium paid). complete details below. 
speak with you soon, 
Tazia 
TradeType 
EUR 
CP 
Call 
BuySell 
Client Buys 
Currencyl 
USD 
Notionall 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
Expi ryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
147,945 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Tue 21 January 2014 
DatabaselD 
737154817 
TradeType 
RKI 
BuySell 
Client Sells 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110225 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256409 
EFTA01452909

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452910.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal use only 
lOmm notional? 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Emai 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Date: 01/17/2014 11:15 AM 
Subje Re: Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Call Spread - 1.10 with a 1.13 
ct: 
sold call knocking-in only if USDCAD trades to 1.17 [I] 
i like it 
.. size ? 
on Fri, Jan 17, 2014 at 11:48 AM, Tazia smith <tazia.smith@db.com> wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
our us FX traders agree/like Nav's call here. The 3-month 1.10/1.13 USDCAD, 
1.17 knock-in call spread (where that 1.13 short call only exists if USDCAD 
goes to 1.17 during the life of the trade) described below is currently 
offered —1.1% (source: DB FX sales, 1/17/14). Please see the investment 
thesis below and let us know your thoughts. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Indicative levels only. Subject to market movement. Source: DB Key Client 
Partners London, as of 1/17/14. 
Forwarded by "
on 01/17/2014 10:35 AM  
From: 
To: 
Date: 01/17/2014 07:35 AM 
subjec I like buying USDCAD calls to position for further weakness in CAD. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110227 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256411 
EFTA01452910

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452911.pdf
----------------------------------------
t: 
Spot FX is currently 1.095. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
I like USDCAD call options to position for further weakness in CAD. Spot FX 
is currently 1.095. 
Over the course of the past week the interest rate curve has started pricing 
in a small amount of rate cuts - this development is significant and clearly 
a beginning of a pain trade. I believe it can go further. Lower CAD rates 
from here will drive USD CAD higher. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
The limited downside play I like best in USDCAD is buying a 3month expiry 
1.10 / 1.13 call spread on USDCAD but where the short 1.13 call position 
only exists (knocks-in) if USD trades at 1.17 trades in the market before 
the option expires, otherwise the option payoff is the same as a 1.10 call 
option. 
It costs 1% of USD notional. I believe the buyer is well compensated for the 
knock-in component. 
If USDCAD rises to 1.15 the option payout is S big figures. If 1.17 trades 
before expiry the payout is limited to 3 big figures. 
Max loss is premium paid. 
We can price other structures to fit the risk tolerance (higher or lower) of 
clients - let us know 
Key Macro Highlights 
The economy clearly lags the US. Dec13 unemployment unexpectedly 
rose last Friday to 7.2% 
South of the border demand for USDCAD is declining as the uS heads 
towards energy independence 
Low inflation and weak exports are likely to preclude any rate 
hikes in 2014 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Best, 
Nav 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Nav Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
105/108 Old Broad St (Pinners Hall), EC2N lEN London, United Kingdom 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAwm Key Client 
Partners ("KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create 
any legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its 
affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended 
recipients of this mail only. The KCP London desk does not provide 
investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as 
defined by MiFID), who understand the strategy, characteristics and risks 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110228 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256412 
EFTA01452911

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452912.pdf
----------------------------------------
associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it 
independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the relevant 
internal approvals prior to execution. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you 
are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu_disclosures.htm for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
<mime-attachment. gi f> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
AtrittrfellktrirfelltrfektetelltrfaidA*4414.4dAttrfeteetittettedAteukte004**********0 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
7effrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110229 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256413 
EFTA01452912

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452913.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01452913

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452914.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110233 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256417 
EFTA01452914

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452915.pdf
----------------------------------------
2.000 
1.800 -I 
1.600 -I 
1.400 
1.200
1.000 
0.800 
0.600 -I 
0.400 1 
0.200 - 
0.000 
Term Structure of Forward 
swap rates (OIS) in CAD and 
USD 
3 
9 12 15 18 21 24 27 30 33 36 
- 
USD 
-CAD 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110234 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256418 
EFTA01452915

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452916.pdf
----------------------------------------
2009 
2010 
j 
2011 
1.3000 
1.2500 
1.2000 
1.1700 
1SIX) 
1.1300 
1.1000 
1.0500 
1.0000 
0.9500 
USOCAD Curncy (USD-CAD X-RATE) Daily 18JAN2009-173Ak2014 
2012 
2013 
Copyrig.Pa 2014 Slcorrberg Finance L.P. 
17-3an-2014 15:42:55 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110235 
SDNY_GM_00256419 
EFTA01452916

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452917.pdf
----------------------------------------
Net Value 
03/05/2014 
115,000 
03/04/2014 
138,600 
03/03/2014 
124,450 
02/28/2014 
121,260 
02/27/2014 
156,410 
02/26/2014 
137,970 
02/25/2014 
126,090 
02/24/2014 
122,520 
02/21/2014 
145,990 
02/20/2014 
121,860 
02/18/2014 
83,620 
02/14/2014 
92,170 
02/13/2014 
97,920 
02/11/2014 
117,670 
02/10/2014 
119,700 
02/06/2014 
124,600 
02/05/2014 
136,470 
01/31/2014 
148,360 
01/28/2014 
151,990 
01/27/2014 
119,700 
01/23/2014 
138,460 
01/21/2014 
97,350 
01/17/2014 
109,995 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIN. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110243 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256427 
EFTA01452917

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452918.pdf
----------------------------------------
Edit
. 
triable 
(brace 
419S giimmin 
  e 
+ Track 
/ Annotate 
News 
Zoom 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256428 
DB-SDNY-0110244 
EFTA01452918

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452919.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
3/7/2014 2:10:17 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: USDCAD RKI Call Spread Valuation History - CHART (I) 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - 
replying to your email: "so we had two ooportunites since inception to have 50k profit and waited until almost 
none.? please explain the low bids on todays mortage bond." 
with regard to CAD: view change. 
our original call was for 1.15 on usdcad, view stimulated by cad forwards starting to price in rate cuts and extended by 
weaker Canadian economy (esp relative to US), energy independence in the US. Russian military action in Ukraine this 
week and sustained elevated energy prices catalyzed the change in view and our fear was the momentum of 
outflows/unwinding of short cad positions would continue -- entering in more downside than upside risk in this position, 
wanted to get you out. (details on original, and the change, in our investment thesis/outlook below. 
on the RMBS: 
db's bid was 62.5, was just letting you know. we are open architecture, don't need to trade with db. i'm working 74 or 
better level. i spoke with JP, understand they have a potential buyer there, and we are working to cross. be back. 
Forwarded by Tana Smit 
From 
To. 
Date. 
03O512014 08.02 AM 
Subject. 
usdcad update for JE (I) 
on 03'0712014 01.15 PM ---
Classification: For internal use only 
three points 
1. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
2. CAD 2y swap rate higher (not lower as i had expected) vs US rates compared to 2mths ago - bullish cad 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110247 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256431 
EFTA01452919

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452920.pdf
----------------------------------------
Parscd1:03,-* Perfirevit. 
--- Forwarded Ity
n 03'07201401'18 PM ---
From. 
Jeffrey Epstein <reeriacabon@gmail.com> 
To. 
Date. 
01/17/2014 11:15 AM 
Sterrett 
Re. Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Call Spread -1.10 'Arra 1.13 sold call knocking-in only if USDCAD trades to 1.17 LIJ 
i like it 
size? 
On Fri, Jan 17, 2014 at 11:48 AM, Tazia Smith <
•> wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
Our US FX traders agree/like Nay's call here. The 3-month 1.10/1.13 USDCAD, 1.17 knock-in call 
spread (where that 1.13 short call only exists if USDCAD goes to 1.17 during the life of the trade) 
described below is currently offered -1.1% (Source: DB FX Sales, 1/17/14). Please see the 
investment thesis below and let us know your thoughts. 
Best, 
Tazia 
Indicative levels only. Subject to market movement. Source: DB Key Client Partners London, as of 
1/17/14. 
— Forwarded b 
on 011712014 10 35AM -- 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
01/17/2014 07:35 AM 
Subject 
I like buying USDCAD calls to position for further weakness in CAD. 
Spot FX is eurrerty 1.085. pj 
Classification: For internal use only 
I like USDCAD call options to position for further weakness in CAD. Spot FX is currently 1.095 
Over the course of the past week the interest rate curve has started pricing in a small amount of rate 
cuts - this development is significant and clearly a beginning of a pain trade. I believe it can go 
further. Lower CAD rates from here will drive USD CAD higher. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110249 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256433 
EFTA01452920

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452921.pdf
----------------------------------------
[2.000 
0.000 
Term Structure of Forward 
swap rates (OIS) in CAD and 
USD 
3 
9 12 15 18 21 24 27 30 33 36 
—USD 
—CAD 
The limited downside play I like best in USDCAD is buying a 3month expiry 1.10 / 1.13 call spread on 
USDCAD but where the short 1.13 call position only exists (knocks-in) if USD trades at 1.17 trades in 
the market before the option expires, otherwise the option payoff is the same as a 1.10 call option. 
It costs 1% of USD notional. I believe the buyer is well compensated for the knock-in component. 
If USDCAD rises to 1.15 the option payout is 5 big figures. If 1.17 trades before expiry the payout is 
limited to 3 big figures. 
Max loss is premium paid. 
We can price other structures to fit the risk tolerance (higher or lower) of clients - let us know 
Key Macro Highlights 
• 
The economy clearly lags the US. Dec13 unemployment unexpectedly rose last Friday to 7.2% 
• 
South of the border demand for USDCAD is declining as the US heads towards energy 
independence 
• 
Low inflation and weak exports are likely to preclude any rate hikes in 2014 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110250 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256434 
EFTA01452921

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452922.pdf
----------------------------------------
0. Last Price 
1.0949 
T High on 03/09/09 1.3012 
-4- Average 
1.0367 
Low on 07/21/11 0.9433 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
USDOW Curncy CUSD-CAD X-RATE) Daily 153AN2009-17JAN2014 
Copyrighd 2014 Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
17-Jan-201415:42:56 
1.3000 
1.2000 
1.1700 
1. iht1O 
1.1300 
. 1.1000 
1.0500 
1.0000 
0.9500 
Best, 
Nav 
Nav Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG. Filial° London 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
105'108O1d Broad St (Pinners Hall). EC2N 1EN London. United Kingdom 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners (KCP) London desk for discussion purposes only. and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the pad or Deutsche Bank AG and i or its afNiates ("DEC). These ideas aro for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail 
only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiF1D). who understand the 
strategy. characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate i independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be 
subject to the relevant internal approvals anti to execution. 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-
mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu disclosures.htm for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110251 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256435 
EFTA01452922

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452923.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners • US 
Deutsche Bank Secunties Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New Y rk NY 1 1 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi e 
Emai 
PassiOa..i17 Peeforin 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
14. 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bark Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Passim," Per
From. 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail corn> 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Date- 
03/07201401:12 PM 
Subject. 
Re: USDCAD RKI Call Spread Valuation History - CHART (I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110252 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256436 
EFTA01452923

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452924.pdf
----------------------------------------
so we had two ooportunites since inception to have 50k profit. and waited until almost none.? please explain 
the low bids on todays mortage bond 
On Fri, Mar 7, 2014 at 1:33 PM, Tazia Smith CIMa> 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - 
Chart of your USDCAD Reverse Knock In (RKI) Call Spread Valuation history below. Trade dates 
1/17 and 3/5 (trade details below). 
USDCAD RKI Call Spread Valuation History 
180,000 
160,000 
140,000 
120,000 
100,000 
80,000 
----
60,000 
- 
40,000  
20,000 
—ID— Net Value 
o 
'Sgp 
-1)1 
-13.1 
<to 
C>s 
elf,
->0 
"}0 
--?0,7 
"Jo 
<b
y 
-20 
-"?o 
Trade dates 1/17 and 3/5, represent actual bid/ask levels. All other valuations are mid-levels valuation 
directly from DB Valuation Statements. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110253 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256437 
EFTA01452924

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452925.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dates 
Net Value 
03/05/2014 
115,000 
03/04/2014 
138.600 
03/03/2014 
124,450 
C:.' : 
: 
121,260 
C2C.- :1'1.L. 
156,410 
137.970 
COILS 
• 
126,090 
‘: 201-4- 
122,520 
C2/.: 12014 
145,990 
C2/23/2014 
121,860 
02/18/2014 
83,620 
02/14/2014 
92,170 
02/13/2014 
97,920 
02/11/2014 
117,670 
02/10/2014 
119,700 
02/06/2014 
124,600 
02/05/2014 
136,470 
▪ 
148,360 
• 
151,990 
C 
2014 
119,700 
138,460 
C:-1 1 
97,350 
01/17/2014 
109,995 
USDCAD S. ot Price Histo 
1/17/14 through 3/15/14 
rnIMII
it Save As 
ti Actions 
• 
fa Edit • 
i1 Table 
Unit Chart 
sass sir 
 61:3133l 
ME MI Ell 
Fir
e r' Mil  119 
Track 
/ 
Annotate 
1- News 
Zoom 
v 
\L-1-‘ 
• Last Price 
1.1029 
T High on 01/29/14 1.1171 
\\ de 
Average 
1.1063 
-I Low on 02/18/14 1.0947 
Jan 22.
Jan 31 
reb 7 
reb 14 
reb 21 
Eeb 26 
1.1150 
1.1100 
1.1050 
1.1029 
1. 1 in 
.')91,0 
--- Forwarded by Vaho Sicparuarildbidbcom on 03107/20141217 PM —
From 
Vahe Steparmartfavdbcom 
To. 
"Jeffrey costae 
Cc 
"Nay Gupta" 
"Paul Mon*" 
 Viral Satin-
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110254 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256438 
EFTA01452925

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452926.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date 
03(05,2014 10:18 AM 
Subject: Ro: Urovind your CAD [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Jeffrey, 
Details of your CAD unwind are below. We will be following up with the chart you've requested. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
BuySell 
Client Sells 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
-10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
Fixing Reference 
SPOT 
Premium 
135,000 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 March 2014 
BuySell 
Client Buys 
Currency! 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,300,000 
Strike 
1.13 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110255 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256439 
EFTA01452926

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452927.pdf
----------------------------------------
Barrier 
1.17 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
20,000 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 March 2014 
--- Forwarded by 
n 03O7;2014 12.18 PM ---
From. 
Tazia Smithidbidboorn 
To. 
J leevacabonehomailcom>6DEUESAINT.
Cc: 
Raul Morris. 
Date 
01/17!201412:05 PM 
Subrot Trade Report:1/17/14 II] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey - 
Today you bought a USDCAD 1.10/1.13, 1.17 knock-in call spread at 1.1% on $10mm USD notional 
($109,995 premium paid). Complete details below. 
Speak with you soon, 
Tazia 
TradeType 
EUR 
CP 
Call 
BuySell 
Client Buys 
Currencyl 
USD 
Notionall 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
Fixing Reference 
SPOT 
Premium 
147,945 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110256 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256440 
EFTA01452927

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452928.pdf
----------------------------------------
PremiumDate 
DatabaseID 
TradeType 
BuySell 
Currencyl 
CP 
Notionall 
Currency2 
Notional2 
Strike 
ZoneCut 
ExpiryDate 
SettlementDate 
Barrier 
FixingReference 
Premium 
PremiumTerms 
PremiumDate 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Poscitywfa Peep:inn 
From- 
J cjeovacationegmaiLcom>
To. 
Date. 
01/17/2014 11:48AM 
Subject 
Re: Trade Idea: Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Call Spread - 1 10 with a 1.13 sold call knocking-in only if USDCAD trades to 1.17 (I] 
Tue 21 January 2014 
RKI 
Client Sells 
USD 
Call 
-10,000,000 
CAD 
11,300,000 
1.13 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
Thu 17 April 2014 
Mon 21 April 2014 
1.17 
SPOT 
37,950 
USD 
Tue 21 January 2014 
Tazia Sin'
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256441 
DB-SDNY-0110257 
EFTA01452928

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452929.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ok 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jan 17, 2014, at 12:32 PM, Tazia Smith 
Classification: For internal use only 
10mm notional? 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
Mewls 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Ema 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
wrote: 
From. 
Jeffrey Epstein .‘
L41 
IL
O 
imail.com>
To. 
Tazia Smrth 
Date: 
01717;2014 11.15 AM 
Subject: 
Re Trade Idea Long 3-Month USDCAD KI Call Spread - 1.10 with a 1 13 sold call knocking-in only if USDCAD trades to 1.17 (II 
i like it .. size? 
On Fri, Jan 17, 2014 at 11:48 AM, Tazia Smith 
> wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jeffrey -
Our US FX traders agree/like Nav's call here. The 3-month 1.10/1.13 USDCAD, 1.17 knock-in call 
spread (where that 1.13 short call only exists if USDCAD goes to 1.17 during the life of the trade) 
described below is currently offered -1.1% (Source: DB FX Sales, 1/17/14). Please see the 
investment thesis below and let us know your thoughts. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110258 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00258442 
EFTA01452929

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452930.pdf
----------------------------------------
Best, 
Tazia 
Indicative levels only. Subject to market movement. Source: DB Key Client Partners London, as of 
1/17/14. 
--- Forwarded by Tazia 
on 01:17/2014 mas AM ---
Front 
Nay 
To. 
Date 
01;17/2014 07.35 AM 
Subfer.t 
I like buying USDCAD calls to position for further weakness in CAD. 
Spot FX S currently 1.095. [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
I like USDCAD call options to position for further weakness in CAD. Spot FX is currently 1.095. 
Over the course of the past week the interest rate curve has started pricing in a small amount of rate 
cuts - this development is significant and clearly a beginning of a pain trade. I believe it can go 
further. Lower CAD rates from here will drive USD CAD higher. 
<mime-attachment.git> 
The limited downside play I like best in USDCAD is buying a 3month expiry 1.10 / 1.13 call spread on 
USDCAD but where the short 1.13 call position only  exists (knocks-in) if USD trades at 1.17 trades in 
the market before the option expires, otherwise the option payoff is the same as a 1.10 call option. 
It costs 1% of USD notional. I believe the buyer is well compensated for the knock-in component. 
If USDCAD rises to 1.15 the option payout is 5 big figures. If 1.17 trades before expiry the payout is 
limited to 3 big figures. 
Max loss is premium paid. 
We can price other structures to fit the risk tolerance (higher or lower) of clients - let us know 
Key Macro Highlights 
• 
The economy clearly lags the US. Dec13 unemployment unexpectedly rose last Friday to 7.2% 
• 
South of the border demand for USDCAD is declining as the US heads towards energy 
independence 
• 
Low inflation and weak exports are likely to preclude any rate hikes in 2014 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110259 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256443 
EFTA01452930

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452931.pdf
----------------------------------------
Best, 
Nay 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Nav Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG. Pilate London 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
105'108 Old Broad St (Pinners 
EC2N lEN London. United Kingdom 
My proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners MCP') London desk for discussion purposes orgy. and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and of its affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail 
only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiFID), who understand the 
strategy. characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed heroin and will be able to evaluate It Itxtepondently. Al trades on proposed ideas shall be 
subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-
mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer to http://www.db.com/en/content/eu disclosures.htm for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 28th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
<mitne-attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110260 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256444 
EFTA01452931

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452932.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110261 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256445 
EFTA01452932

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452933.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110262 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00256446 
EFTA01452933

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452934.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
; Amanda Kirby ( 
; Joseph Cothron 
, Paul Morris 
; Tazia Smith I 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Valuation Statement for SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC as at 7 Mar 2014 • Request 182298 
Attachments: 182298_20140307_20140310_1.pdf; 182298_20140307_20140310_1.csv 
Valuations System • 
3/7/2014 6:06:30 PM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
;GedeonPinedo 
Please find attached the valuation as of the value date specified in the attached statement. 
For queries please contact the number provided on the statement. 
Kind regards, 
Deutsche Sank Group 
customer valuations Group 
This is an automated email account. 
Please do not reply to this email as the account is not monitored. 
valuations are sent to you subject to our valuation Disclosure statement. 
we also direct you to the following additional disclosures: 
In reference to the provision of valuations for daily marks: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/Daily_Mark_Methodologies_and_Assumptions_Disclosure_March_28_2013_(2).pdf 
In reference to the provision of portfolio data and dispute resolution under EMIR: 
http://cbs.db.com/new/docs/valuation_statement_-_EMIR_Language_2309.pdf 
182298_20140307_20140310_1 
54732021 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256447 
DB-SDNY-0110263 
EFTA01452934

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452935.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
an 
SOUTHERN FINAN 
182298 
Mar 14 
Deutsche Bank AG 
For Sales Inquiries Contact 
Tazia Smith (Tell 
Mr 2014 
Page 1 Of 2 
(Email) 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY fTe 
(Email 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
To: 
Jabwcpa Gmail 
Gmail (Email) 
.Richard Kahn12 (Email) 
Gedeon Pinedo (Email)  
Vahe Stepanian (Email) 
Fx Rata 
USD/EUR = .7213966239 
Note:-All Values are shown from the DB Group's point of view. A negative Value therefore expresses an amount which is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in 09 Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
Deutsche Bank Group ("DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instiument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model prices, external sources, market prices and/or 06's internal books and records prices. Valuations may be adjusted to take into account market, liquidity. credit. 
operational or other Asks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally 
always decline over time, as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including those containing Premium Adjustments, may not 
represent the terms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with DB. DB may change its valuation methodology and the related 
adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different assumptions or calculated using other 
methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. My subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuation. This difference can be less favourable to 
you, and due to the volatility of market conditions. the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors. the differential could be substantial. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in calculating or disseminating valuations, or 
for any inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies, adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that are either used or relied upon by you or any 
other party for any reason including, without limitation, your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID: 18229820140307_20140310_1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110264 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256448 
EFTA01452935

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452936.pdf
----------------------------------------
., .... 
SOU 
R'•
A 
ERN Pi 
182298 
LW 2014 
Pape 2 a 2 
Deutsche SenkAO 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
Settlement 
NotCcy 
NotCcy 
Trade ID 
Counterparty 
Trade Type 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Date 
NotAmt 1 
Not.Arnt 2 
Long/ Short 
Option Style 
Putt Call 
Strike Price 
MTM(USD) 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
ExEural 
21-Nor-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(1,0130.000.00) 
USD 
101.030.000 
FY 
SHORT 
EUROPEAN 
CALL 
101 0003 
(43.68023) 
710423459 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436/ 
SOUTHERN 
710423461 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
366364436I 
SOUTHERN 
710423463 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
3663644361 
SOUTHERN 
710423465 
FINANCIAL. U.0 
FXOneBefOneT 
ouchOpt 
EXOnef3arOneT 
ouchOpt 
EXOnef3mOneT 
ouchOpt 
21-Nut-2013 
21-Nof-2013 
21-Nov-2013 
20-Nov-2014 
20-Nov-2014 
20-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
25-Nov-2014 
(21.0002) 
(21ff 001 
(21.000 Ctil 
USD 
USD 
USD 
JPY 
JPY 
JPY 
LONG 
LONG 
LONG 
EUROPEAN 
EUROPEAN 
ELRCPEAN 
0.0300 
aoom 
0.0000 
11.722 95 
9,50332 
841816 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
FkuroOpl 
17-Jan-2014 
17-A4x-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10,0000(8 00) 
USD 
town CO 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
(133.427 13) 
737154817 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
377817895/ 
SOUTHERN 
EXOneBarEuro 
17-Jen-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10.030.0:0 OD) 
USD 
11,308,00000 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
13.42218 
737154818 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
CPI 
3813885044 
SOUTHERN 
FkuroOpt 
31-Jan-2014 
Noy-2014 
07-May-2014 
(10.0:0.020.R 
USD 
1.025.000,000 
JPY 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1025000 
071717/783 
745230311 
FINANCIAL, LLC 
3AX15615/ 
SOUTHERN 
F)curcOpi 
C6-htir-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
10,000.(00 00 
USD 
(11000.0kao) 
CAD 
LONG 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1000 
133427.13 
762758526 
FINANCIAL, U.0 
3sesass1st 
SOUTHERN 
FXOneBarEuro 
C6-Mer-2014 
17-Apr-2014 
21-Apr-2014 
(10,0 CO) CO) 
USD 
11,300,00000 
CAD 
SHORT 
ELRCPEAN 
CALL 
1.1300 
(13,422 18) 
762758531 
FINANCIAL. LLC 
OPI 
Subtotal: 
(185.43859) 
Bat 
(188338.59) 
Statement ID: 18229820140307_20140310_1 
The valuation information set forth in this statement is provided subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the notes on the cover sheet 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110265 
SDNY_GM_00256449 
EFTA01452936

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452937.pdf
----------------------------------------
Q79.46 /79.47Q 
21 
H 81.35 P 
L 77.81r 
-91 1.343E 
able 
BMW 
tV 
SY 
Max 
Daily • 
+ Track 
Annotate 
LE - News 
D• Last Price 
79.465 
T High on 02/25/14 83.95 
-4`. Average 
62.9757 
Low on 03/19/13 44.38 
Zoom 
pdvtr 
41„(a-v'i
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110269 
SDNY_GM_00256453 
EFTA01452937

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452938.pdf
----------------------------------------
t• 
Volume 
2.146M 
LA, `e 
1s) 1./423M 
INCA US 
S 
At 15:23 
N49.55 149.57 ti 
x 4 
Vet. 2.145.962 
:: 49 99 N 
- 50.52; 
L  49.450 
Val 107.174M 
"0. 14 Irg a v CAS-  
til- Actrier
-
--
UI ra 
ceievae:a 
ortaels $2=C133"131a 
1. eon pare 
IV 
5', 
• 
7,
Track 
D
i
• Last Price 
49.55 
T High on 03/03/14 51.69 
-4- Average 
42.6682 
Low on 07/03/13 35.49 
Annotate 
News 
4--zsuluarnimummitampan ROI 
A 
CC Secunty/Sh.4 
q Event 
C 
-f• 
Zoom 
52.00 
. -- .... 
Mar 
Jun 
2013 
Sep 
Dec 
2314 
48.00 
46,00 
44.00 
42.00 
40.00 
38.00 
36.00 
1014 
fEEEM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110271 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256455 
EFTA01452938

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452939.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
Rating 
Buy 
North America 
United States 
Health Care 
Health Care Facilities 
and Services 
(kimi)0117 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
HCA N 
HCA US 
NYS 
Q4 surgery/mix recovering; 2014 / 
ACA outlook conservative 
Reiterate Buy. F ICA's it:sure: demomtrate best in breed 
(14 operating metrics were not given at time of early Jan. +ve pre-anncmt. 
Actual results highlight a recovery in surgical trends, which boosted 
pricing/mix and helped drive solid C14 EBITDA growth (+6.7% YoY) despite 
weaker inpt medical trends and a tough vol comp. HCA provided initial ACA 
guidance, but mgmt may revisit assumptions on key ACA variables mid-year 
given how fluid the roll-out is. For 2014. ACA initially guided -$100M (+1.5%) 
EBITDA benefit underpinned by 7%-9% reduction in uninsured and slight offset 
by pricing/vol impact for exchange mix. Given strong organic growth trends in 
recent Qs, we believe 2014 EBITDA guidance should prove conservative. 
Q4 CC.: tal.oawaytt fret:O1(S uview rn Itcrely of note) 
11) Volume/prbIng metrics: surgery the bigger story. Weak SS inpt admits (-
1.8%) reflect tough comp, lower flu trends and -50 bps from 2-midnight rule. 
Importantly. HCA does not see 2-midnight rule having material financial 
impact. The bigger vol story in O4 (and last 3 Qs) is surgeries; Q4 surg vol 
(+1.4%) and strength in higher-acuity areas (cardio, ortho, neuro) helped drive 
pricing (RPAA) +4.8% YoY. The ratio of inpt surg / inpt admit rose to 30% (from 
-29% avg past 2 yrs) and ratio is 200-300 bps below peak. A sustained 
rebound in surgical mix could be an upside risk to guidance. 
'(2) 2014 guidance assumes 1%-4% EBITDA growth. Underlying assumptions 
(ex. ACA) include 1-2% adj. admit (vol) growth. 2-3% RPAA (pricing) growth 
and flat margins. Given 2H'13 RPAA growth (+4%) and recovery in surg. RPAA 
seems conservative. Guidance assumes adj. vols improve vs. 2013 flat. The 
key headwinds built-into guidance: $120M lower YoY HITECH and $55M 
higher YoY stock comp which impact growth by 300 bps vs. DBe orig est 200 
bps. We believe guidance implies 2%-5% base growth ex headwinds and ACA. 
'(3) ACA commentary: a reasonable starting point. HCA framed ACA impact as 
a L-T positive, but key variables remain very fluid this year including: (I) 
enrollment for exchange and Medicaid; (2) net new lives; (3) networks and plan 
selection of exchange products. HCA assumes 7-9% reduction of uninsured 
(reasonable) but offset somewhat due to leakage and pricing (conservative). 
Updated estimates: modest adjustment:- to reflect HI TECH, slower /AGA ramp 
2014 EBITDA / EPS are $7.056 / $3.92 from $7.1456 / $4.17. We come out 
above guidance (56.606-$6.856 EBITDA / S3.45-$3.75 EPS ) due to underlying 
growth and ACA. Our model now reflects higher S/O, slightly lower HITECH 
benefit, slightly lower ACA ramp but slightly better rate/mix. 
Valuation and risks: PT remains at $58 or 7.5x 2015 EV/EBITDA 
Our target multiple is in-line with group's L-T average of 6.5x-7.5x. Key risks: 
implementation of PPACA, payer mix changes, Medicare/Medicaid cuts. 
no/I -
co
+ 
Year End Dec 31  
2013A 
2014E 
2015E 
N EPS (USD) 
3.42 
3.92 
4.77 
EWEN TDA  
7.2 
7.1 
6.2 
Adiustod EBITDA 
6.574 
7.048 
7.749 
Sow< Oa ssay 64nk egvnarn COMPOIN sea 
Six IWO, h • enpoct of FA$Ifl nqurng the nvon.ong Of mock optee4 
February 2014 
Results 
Price at 3 Feb 2013105131 
48.46 
Price Tartlet 
58.00 
52-week ranee 
51.41 - 35.21 
Oarreu Letirteli 
Research Analyst 
(+11 212 250-2629 
darren.lehrich@db.com 
Nniwklvietn 
Research Associate 
(+11 212 260.3070 
joshua.kalenclerian@db.corn 
Darla pantie. CFA 
Research Associate 
(+11 212 250-6587 
dana.nentin@clb.com 
IPTieoiptice 
mcam 'app. ;roc 
SIP 06)111,EX 0..tbasten 
Performance (%I 
1n1 
3m 
12m 
Absolute 
.0.6 
2.4 
26.8 
S&P 600 INDEX 
awn Cana Sat 
-4.9 
-1.1 
15.1 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should 
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should 
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST 
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA(P) 054/04/2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SONY-0110272 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256456 
EFTA01452939

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452940.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2014 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
Model updated:04 February 2014 
tho !Rift 'Lon 
North America 
United States 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
Routers: HCA.N 
fileeenberg: HCA US 
Buy 
Price (3 Feb 131 
USD 48.46 
Target Price 
USO 58.00 
Week range 
USD 35.21 - 51.41 
Market CaP iml 
USDm 22.292 
EUHm 16,491 
.C.ornpany Pn tan 
HCA operates the largest pnvate health cat system n the 
U 5. Through a network of acute care bstipittils, outpatient 
fealties. clinics and other patent care delivery sentrgs 
HCA's operations include 162 hospitet and 112 
~mending surgery centsnl acmes 20 states throughOut 
the US. and England 
PI kJ: 2‘.0.0100070 
OD 
kW 11 ~11 
Mar 12 5p12 Mr 13 54;13 
—Hotheldrokinc — 
51/16:01.4330stimill 
Marvin Tronclt 
---
.. ".."."
'" ••••—.....„,.;;
:ii• -••  
• 
•
14E 
ISE 
........muirminfirrdn ~tin 
win 
rarowth B Pi htithbihty 
O 
IS 
+am Sri« ewes asS) 
let 
15E 
~noiiN451 
Solvermy 
O8 
O6 
_4 
! 
t3 
 o 
ID 
I 4E 
ISE 
rei *testar m4S, ,~I~
, Nei sømmum.141149/ 
Dacron 1.40tric h 
.1 212150-1629 
dirren lehnth@cid corn 
Page 2 
Racal year end 31•Dac 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014E 
2015E 
Financi.21 Surninari 
DB EPS (USO) 
276 
285 
74 
342 
392 
477 
Reponid EPS (USD1 
278 
97 
349 
337 
391 
477 
DPS 6/SDI 
000 
000 
0.03 
000 
000 
000 
EIVPSIUSD) 
-27.27 
shdandon kIntric: 
-10.05 
-21.03 
-1500 
-11.14 
-671 
Price/SSW 14 
0.5 
0.5 
0.6 
PIE (08)44 
17.2 
118 
174 
102 
P/E (Repfirted1(x) 
17.2 
5.4 
1l9 
12.4 
102 
P/81/ 
(IT 
mm 
net 
ren 
Mn 
nm 
FCF yield (44) 
8.7 
18.9 
182 
9.5 
8.5 
105 
Dividend y1•10 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
EV/Saird 
1.7 
1.4 
EV/EBITDA 
8.2 
6.7 
8.4 
7.2 
7.1 
2 
EWESIT 
108 
Elm:erne Statenlent iUSDrni 
Sales 
28.035 
29.682 
33.013 
34.182 
36.596 
39.655 
EBITDA 
5.958 
6.061 
6.531 
6,574 
7.048 
7.749 
EBIT 
4.447 
4596 
4,852 
4.821 
5.238 
5,912 
Primax profit 
7,231 
3.581 
2.994 
2,946 
3,440 
4.105 
Net income 
1.207 
7.035 
1.805 
1,556 
1.807 
2,229 
(;,::";1 F10v: i1)5[200 
Cash new horn operations 
3,085 
3,933 
4,175 
3,680 
4,088 
4,580 
Net Capes 
-1.288 
-1.398 
-1.832 
-1,910 
Free cash now 
1.797 
2,535 
2.343 
1,770 
1,888 
2,330 
Equity tamm145020/4 SOO 
1,003 
-500 
Dividends paid 
Nit MC/dle) in borrow's)» 
7,533 
.1889 
1,724 
-687 
-LOW 
-2.030 
Other investing/fmancing cash flows 
.4,231 
•1.9137 
-3735 
On 
-494 
-512 
Net cash flow 
332 
.291 
394 
-132 
Øn 
',writing capital 
799 
-129 
4.663 
-4272 
-77 
..._
__ 
112,iFinci,.ilut171.1126;2.d 
Cmh and car, equivalens 
411 
373 
705 
414 
808 
676 
Properly, plant & equipment 
11,352 
17834 
13,185 
13,819 
14,006 
14,270 
Goodvall 
2.693 
5.251 
5.539 
5,903 
5.903 
5,903 
Other nests 
9.398 
8.440 
8.848 
8.895 
9.252 
9.614 
Total assets 
23.852 
26.898 
28.075 
28,831 
73.989 
30,463 
Debt 
28.225 
27.062 
28.930 
28,326 
27.376 
25.376 
Otte Imbrium 
8.421 
6,860 
7,486 
5.858 
6,194 
6.460 
Total Itbktes 
34.646 
33,912 
36.410 
34.234 
33.570 
31.836 
Total sharelxilders• equity 
10,794 
7,014 
43.341 
-5.403 
4.601 
-1.373 
At as 
27,874 
28679 
28225 
27,962 
26.566 
24.700 
I Key Company 5481.0C3 
Sales growth NI 
4.7 
112 
3.5 
DB FPS growth I%) 
131 
3.3 
0 
8.5 
6 
EllyOut ratio I%I 
0.0 
0.0 
EBITDA Marge. difld 
20.9 
4 
198 
19.2 
3 
200 
EBIT Margin Pb) 
15.9 
15.5 
147 
141 
14.3 
150 
ROE (54) 
rem 
on 
nm 
ren 
ren 
lee 
Nat debtrequaY (A) 
ran 
on 
nm 
arm 
ivn 
rim 
Net interest cover 01 
2.1 
2.3 
2.7 
2.6 
2.9 
[DuPont A.nal.rsis 
EBIT mirrin 
159 
155 
147 
14.1 
3 
150 
Asset turnover fa) 
1.2 
1.2 
Financial cost ratio NI 
Tax and other effects (a) 
0.5 
0.5 
ROA (post tas) (141 
513 
6.1 
Financial leverage (0 
-25 
.3 1 
-3.4 
-4 9 
-75 
ROE OH 
-115 
.74 4 
.179 
-1813 
-299 
-55 5 
annual swab (%) 
.54 
411.6 
267 
494 
457 
NTAfthare Imp] la) 
-23 9 
-203 
-195 
-IGO 
-13.1 
Reported EPS 
276 
497 
349 
337 
392 
477 
•nnual growth f%1 
232 
80.2 
-297 
-36 
163 
218 
Source. Company obta. astaCh. Bwk es4metes 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110273 
SDNY_GM_00256457 
EFTA01452940

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452941.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2014 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
Q4'2013 Earnings Review 
Key points 
• 
Solid results despite challenging volume backdrop. Q4 EBITDA was 
previewed earlier in January, so the real news in 04 results was more 
detail on operating metrics and HCA's outlook. In the context of a very 
weak volume environment, HCA's 04 EBITDA growth (+6.7% YoY) is very 
respectable and reflects strong expense management and improving 
pricing/mix. 
• 
We are particularly encouraged by HCA's recent quarterly surgical trends 
(see Figure 3). While 04 same-store inpatient admissions and adjusted 
admissions dipped 1.8% and 1.0% YoY, respectively, HCA's 04 SS 
surgeries improved +1.4% YoY (+1.6% outpatient surgery / +0.9% 
inpatient surgery) and helped drive revenue per adjusted admissions 
(RPAA) pricing growth of +4.8% YoY. This marks the third consecutive 
quarter of improving surgeries, and we believe any sustained trend in 
surgical volume could represent an upside risk to 2014 guidance. DB's 
Hospital Volume survey has picked up recent strength in surgeries, too. 
• 
2014 guidance seems like a reasonable, but conservative starting point. 
HCA guided for EBITDA of $6.6-$6.85 billion (vs. consensus of $6.82 
billion). Guidance reflects SS revenue growth of 3%-5% (vol 1-2% / 
pricing/mix 2-3%), flat margins and -300 bps of EBITDA growth 
headwinds from lower HITECH and higher stock-based comp. ACA adds 
-1.5% to growth (at the mid-point) or -5100M. Organic/base growth 
works out to be -2% to -5% growth adjusting for the headwinds and 
ACA. 
• 
Framework for ACA impact still evolving, with lots of moving parts to 
HCA's key assumptions. HCA's 2014 outlook assumes ACA benefit of I - 
2% of EBITDA (565M-$135M), although it is back-half (03/Q4) weighted. 
HCA said it would re-visit its key assumptions by mid-year at the earliest, 
but its high-level base case is for 7.9% reduction in uninsured, but partially 
offset by declines in pricing/volume from exchange mix. The key variables 
that HCA is tracking for its reform model are: (1) enrollment figures for 
exchanges and Medicaid expansion; (2) the proportion of enrollment that 
is net newly insured; (3) health plan selection (metallic), network design 
and network participation for the exchanges; and (4) out-of-network 
activity. Our sense is that the offsets built into HCA's model could prove 
conservative given the strength of its networks (i.e. less impact from 
narrow network if its access points such as ED are more convenient). 
Given the slow ramp of exchange enrollment in key markets (FL / TX) and 
HCA's lower exposure to Medicaid expansion states, we believe 7-9% 
reduction of uninsured patient mix seems like a reasonable starting point. 
• 
Reiterate Buy rating / $58 price target. We see HCA as a best-in-class 
operator with strong assets, a flexible balance sheet and a good track 
record for opportunistic capital deployment. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
HCA's O4 E8ITOA growth 
(+6.7% YoY) is very 
respectable and reflects 
strong expense management 
and improving priangimix 
We believe any sustained 
trend in surgical volume could 
represent an upside risk to 
2014 guidance 
Adjusting for certain non-
operating headwinds and 
ACA HCA's 2014 guidance 
assumes organic/base growth 
of -2% to -5% growth 
HCA's 2014 outlook assumes 
ACA benefit of 1-2% of 
EBITDA ($65M-$135A41. 
although it is badc-haff 
(O3/O4) weighted 
Page 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110274 
SDNY_GM_00256458 
EFTA01452941

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452942.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2014 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
Figure 2: Same-store t ends (yoy % change) 
ICA. Inc. 
48010440% 40104•14/4% 4040114
2010 200 
1012 
2012 
3012 400 2012 
1013 
2011 
2043 
4013 
2013 
11•044.4 
Nu Waturle 
Wens: 
20% 
33% 
51% 
31% 
33% 
55% 15% 
01% 
30% 
•9% 
33% 31% 
404440304 
A*4444•041441as 
0.1% 
I 4% 
23% 
30% 
32% 
25% 
21% 
43% 
MI 
30% 
205 
50% 
30% 
11% 
0.1% 
13% 
0T% -I A% 
-07% 
11% 
1.1% 
-10% 
01% 
01% 
3,4441 twytio• 
Oup•04ra *sprits 
-IA% 
-1.2% 
.1.7% 
-06% 
15% 
-07% 
.22% 
09% 
27% 
03% 
430% 
13% 
01% 
OK 
.24% 
02% 
2.9% 
OK 
.43% 
00% 
OA% 
IS% 
03% 
435% 
Tad surotkri 
PHs 
Ma 
Itavora41.44•4414Stinbre 
-1.3% 
2.I% 
00% 
-I 0% 
01% 
03% 
23% 
-0 1% -13% 
11% 
53% 
64% 
2K I2t% 
03% 
-0 1% 
07% 
05% 
05% 
36% 
03% 
-34% 
01% 
135 
11% 
34% 
OK 01" .24% 
03% 
21711. 
34% 
414% 
-02% 
02% 
30% 
•10123a sauna/ .0•53044.0wi issweuss%. Sitt%10%005.10.5.00.0.0•00.1•000...00.% 0‘4•00550/0/0”20%••Thst.-
5•10150ons 
Sant DatioWIMN4 C3,04744444rts 
Surgical trends. 04 surgical trends were solid, with total SS surgeries up 
+ 1.4% split between SS inpatient surgeries +0.9% and SS outpatient surgeries 
+1.6%. These trends led to a greater ratio SS inpatient surgeries to total SS 
inpatient admissions at 29.8% (vs. 29% in the prior yr period), an important 
driver of the increased pricing (+4.8%) and acuity (+3%) in the qtr. Prior to the 
downturn this ratio had been running closer to 32%-33%. and it has picked up 
in recent quarters after reaching a low of -28%. On the CC, mgt attributed 
these trends to (1) recent investments in the surgical departments (e.g. "0.R. 
of Choice" initiative), offset by (2) a slow-down in ER volumes vs. historical 
trends. HCA remains optimistic about the surgical front in 2014. 
[Figure 3: Surgical trends (yoy % change) 
4.0% 
3.0% 
2.0% 
1.0% 
0.0% 
-1.0% 
-2.0% 
30% 
4.0% 
-3.0% 
1Q10 2Q10 3Q10 4Q20 1Q11 2011 3Q11 4Q11 1Q12 2Q1Z 3Q12 4Q12 1Q13 2Q13 3Q13 4Q13 
..........4nwatKot worms 
44.444.00074114)0I wrg ,e 
^^Tall $4110110$ 
Sang O4.4.4.• /1414. Campinytipat 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110276 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256460 
EFTA01452942

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452943.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2014 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
(Figure 6: Balance sheet & Cash flow analysis IS in MM, except per share data) 
Sias Wane GAM= Marls 
♦MY% ani.S1•0 
ebl 
All 
160 
SOO 
Oa 
MO 
Oa 
Ha 
wla 
4411 
rs 
a•Marlia 
•ORk
Oa: 
.ariciaa 
m 
11.11 I 
teal 
^Ma
*mflaiiiiia 
it] 
11}11 
no
VII 
ililaeasalidagiallaiseltala p..
—Stre rwr 
Ewa %maim 
:Oa inatai• imasitraasoni 
aiaka 
d 
I 
Iw ni41 %Mann 
Mt 
:ar.eamania 
dl.r. 
4n/ 
!Val 
410 
tart 
Caitenialnialrilaisaalary4 
KW) 
R$4 
ata, 
asaaataijaial 
I05 
ala 
0•1•0•0441011C 
Cuadiria114040 
Mil 
afil 
,4•0:41antetrat 
401.4.01 
• 
• it • 
44, 
al 
401 
NM 
417 
Ilpll 
041i 
MN 
LX 
till 
Ma 
• 6n 
nig 
:1 IWO 
1.4/9 
0401 MAY 
I IV 
4194 
424 
0.164i 
I t, 
1517 
PMN 
Sn
14,
on 
MO 
MS. SIX. 
M, 
I./41 
tl
U 
0.17b 
131% 
Oa) 
40% 
In 
ila 
In 
la% 
lit! 
00% 
Ca4I O.14C1 
IN, 
a* 
IC1 
fin 
I401 11.011 
Sal 
Na 
11,11 
SY) 
1101 
176 
414* ...a> 
NI1 
940194 
002 
1706 
115 
Mai 
120.-41 MASI VIM SRNS 
44. 
41i 
•P 
4te 
ASS 
MS 
411 
440 
446 
(00 
40% 
wa• 
I 
PSI) 
MC) 
OW) ((MU
Na 
144% 
en 
sr% 
ITH 
aR 
PO 
MN I1.7), 
SS: 
IN 
SW 
MO Ie.»? 
Via 
1•12 
MI 
MN 
0414 
WWI 171,16 IVACO 
I2).1V 1>19p 
4$• 
41.• 
Is 
41) 
412 
401 
al 
MO 
Savor DaIld* dint OMWS/teot. 
Guidance. HCA issued 2014 guidance as follows: revenue $35.50436.50 
billion, adjusted EBITDA $6.60-$6.85 billion, adjusted EPS $3.4543.75, capex 
approx. $2.2 billion. 2014 guidance includes a benefit to adjusted EBITDA from 
PPACA of approx. 1%-2%, which implies $65-$135 million benefit. HCA 
expects 2013 adj. admits to range from +1% to +2% and rev/ adj. admits +2% 
to+3%. Guidance also includes HITECH incentive payments $110-$130 million 
and HITECH related expenses of $110-$130 million. We believe guidance was 
very conservatively established, but not unexpected. EBITDA guidance 
represents growth of flat to +4% and relative to consensus EBTIDA of $6.82 
billion we believe HCA's outlook provides a reasonable start. Recall HCA 
finished 2013 with EBITDA -1% above the top-end of its original guidance 
range. 
F gum 7 F€CA 2014 Guidance vs. DBe and Consensus 
2014 
Guidance 
DB Estimate 
Consensus 
Resenues 
$35.508 - $36.508 
$36.5868 
536.1388 
Adjusted EBITDA 
56.606 • 56.8513 
$7.0498 
S6 8218 
PPACA Benet' 
$66M - $137M 
$15014 - $20001 
NA 
Adjusted EPS 
$3.45 - $3.75 
$3.92 
$3.78 
Capex 
Approx. $2.2B 
$2.2B 
$2.05 
•HCA guidance br 2014 PPACA benefit approx. 1% - 2% of adjusted EIMTDA 
501./a7044/00M Sint SaVenVni9Oni Mama, /haws 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110278 
SDNY_GM_00256462 
EFTA01452943

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452944.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2014 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
'Figure 8: 2014 EBITDA Bridge ($ in MM) 
Base EMMA Midge 
As • %of 2013 Adj EB1TDA 
Low 
Mid 
High 
Low 
Mid 
High 
2013 hausled E8IIDA Reported 
%.514 
56.514 
574 
Net HITECH impact 
($120) 
($120) 
($120) 
-1 8% 
-1 8% 
-1 8% 
hatese m slcck-based comp 
($56) 
($55) 
($55) 
-0 8% 
8% 
-0 8% 
ACA benefit 
368 
$102 
$137 
10% 
15% 
21% 
2014 Adjusted Ellut04 Gawtance 
MOM 
$6.725 
$6.850 
04% 
23% 
42% 
2914 Organic EBITDA Growth (11 
5735 
$225 
$314 
21% 
34% 
48% 
Note (1) Adjusted for 
ACA. 
SCOW AXEKAtt B•t COnOOMNOOIS 
Health Care Reform Framework. HCA noted that the framework for its ACA 
analysis is still evolving, but highlighted 4 key variables that drove their 
estimated 2014 net benefit from health care reform of I%-2% of adjusted 
EBITDA: 
(1) Health Insurance Exchange (HIX) enrollment and Medicaid lives. 
Management indicated that its model builds from the latest reported 
base of HIX enrollees (-3M as indicated by CMS on Jan 24th). It also 
takes into consideration RCA's exposure to states expanding Medicaid 
in 2014 (CA, CO, KY, and NV). 
(2) The portion of HIX and Medicaid enrollees that was previously 
uninsured vs. Insured; 
(3) HCA's HIX network participation, network design, and plan 
selection. HCA disclosed that 97% of its facilities participate in an HIX 
product, with 64% of its facilities having access to the lowest priced 
Bronze plan and 54% having access to the lowest priced Silver plan; 
and 
(4) out-of-network treatment and reimbursement levels; HCA assumes 
it will not capture a portion of the population gaining coverage as a 
result of business getting directed away from its network 
HCA said it would re-visit its key assumptions by mid-year at the earliest, but 
its high-level base case is for 7-9% reduction in uninsured, partially offset by 
declines in pricing/volume from exchange mix. Our sense is that the offsets 
built into HCA's model could prove conservative given the strength of its 
networks (i.e. less impact from narrow network if its access points such as ED 
are more convenient). Given the slow ramp of exchange enrollment in key 
markets (FL / TX) and HCA's lower exposure to Medicaid expansion states, we 
believe 7-9% reduction of uninsured patient mix seems like a reasonable 
starting point 
New estimates. We are making modest adjustments to our estimates to reflect 
lower HITECH and slower ACA ramp. 2014 EBITDA and EPS move to $7.058 / 
$3.92 from $7.1458 / $4.17, putting us above HCA guidance ranges ($6.608-
$6.85B EBITDA / $3.45-$3.75 EPS ) due to underlying growth and ACA. Our 
model now reflects higher S/O (+1% higher), slightly lower HITECH benefit 
Page 8 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110279 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256463 
EFTA01452944

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452945.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
to 
'Figure 10: Income Statement 
WA "Inn 
In 
Co4111440914404•114414114401 
Final W. •••040 MN.M 
13.11.11 -.44.0
"won 
"b. 410.4 040" 
0.444441407443.444.16 
kW woe on no" 
271%370 
O1004443 
tons neon 
OM. 
Inch
0110 104141441 14144 
onagLi um no* 
powns 
7440 NNW. inn" 
D..4,000‘.141NrOlent, 
tonal ammo 
tenet lyrillenna Senna 
nany rt. 
ignjord moats 
nat "ow 
1.70" WO two le 
Pos. Ion" 
ton 
OW Mot" 
woWaropolaas 
144 too 4314474 to rcncole0144441. 
!no 
Winton 4•40-44,•4 
4144•••442.4•2• inCA W4inpi 
Ownlip "ream 
▪ 
444114411114 Y1w 115.044/444•41404111441 
1111
DOW yap WOW 
DOW 0410414 01.11044141.1 
"ea WW1" MSC 
Sawn 3.0144.4103 10 4•4 own 
%wen w • Om on" 
• 
44441014141146 In • el" oft* 
"raw 10 MAW awn 
01114110 0014 
344.7 aN eon WS" 
gm 
OW awn 
110411140 WO Wrolaatsla 14610" "WW1 
144.44 woo w • 7.14110.4140 
1•4 ••••••34444444 ocatong on" 
se 
• 
Milne lat., 
Wow WOO" 
"co los 0. • • two Was Ins ..444~114 
acoal 4441.0% 
401.4 WIG 
44.44444 =Ma .411014 MMn.ww *den WI al 
Saiond *MA mos* A  se 4.4 tamping 
Manna MITOMIMaliontaa• •.4..a 
440511111743144431711101 
Aeabid W IG 4140. %awnsNW 444. coo 
IOW 
31317 
SIN 
Er soli Ole ralwas41 
••• 
W m..1. Wnsimmal 
37% 
Cab remote fans 
Hit roan. pwagetubtaidillid nob 
•cialliaidinal 
tar.4 
OW' (41 44r "Inn 
ONO 
014601001141 
Paw 0041110044144 IS 04411•14411 
114 •••••••• WSW" mint 
Oa." achlai 00•4441444 
• 3,47
Clan Was" /445444101 
34414$ 4411041411^01101100 MINIS 
0144 
5716 
O446 
in 
list 
7.23. 
1411 
▪ eV 
—5 -nr 
SI II% 
1124 
—
1CIT 
100 
.13 Pb 
01.14 
WOW 
6•014 wann• 
Wan 
Cent 414.1444 
nolsel 44044113 
Conk" 1.1411 Ds "Owl Sone 
IMcdo4vonue441 
Clew/ amid.< pal 
tit 01,4.4 sof cos goo 
Stun 4:144354 Ban% Company tomb 
WWI 
On 
Wn 
IMO 
04346 
S.1% 
min 
10t4 
024 
a 
2.60 
Ian 
7314 
1160 
4-
4731 
I fa 
ap 
51.735 
711 
- Tar 
Ina 
aY 
02227 
a1% 
16211 
an 
Ian 
An 
in 
tal 
In 
sin 
371T 
Ian 
fin 
011 
6411 
SOW 
51% 
Sn 
an 
an 
6.n 
114 
IW 
2.141. 
0113 
a 
13.414 
nil 
• 
110 
—Tor 
nal 
a• 
13N.
• 
—yr 
144 
tats 
311 
0.44I 
1.90 
eAT• 
a 
IAA 
:AA 
044 
4740 
3rt 
▪ n 
an 
YOU 
411% 
Pan 
W30.3 
0147 
4
411 
Om 
411 
411 
an 
IMMO 
MIS 
ant 
2% 
144 
I 7, 
aN 
non 
ael 
Ma 
WOO 
410 
Mn 
*I% 
410% 
211 
WO% 
W.4% 
ISM 
low 
1171 
313111 
III
I n 
a 
a 
On 
WAS 
21.1440) 
224 
111AM 
on 
Si,, 
:n 
J1
1.91 
as 
0.20 
24% 
%WI 
2141 
a 
3.370 
431033 
aaI 
as 
fla 
40401 
a 
112% 
an. 
17.11 
an 
Sal 
463 
160 
"I 
440 
3011 
i 
16444 
*15 
MO 
1011E 
WWI 
an 
714 
10.40 
on` 
3112 
UM 
ten 
13303 
al 
431' 
477' 
5/03 
eta 
Nat 
4.4 
360 
1470 
110 
OM 
(0 
qv 
ta •
{All 
*4
an 
411 
3.941 
164 
1051 
no 
I 
am 
1.12. 
IOU 
17% 
in 
IOM 
1.447 
154 
441 
1*
0. 
IN 00 
3.04 
Sat, 
Jr. 
11.14 
070 
CM 
43147 
034 
1.133 
1." 
.4 
a 
0.02 
160 
WW1 
.T 
404 
I•14 
I.04 
01% 
A 
447 
NS 
e 
min 
tat 
*14 
• .4 
4.16 
ter 
'Cl 
5303 
v% 
af 
$1107 
1•1 
to' 
• 44 
4.01 
In 
1.472 
11314 
44/ 
11140 
100 
a= 
•44 
• TM 
WA 
1.7111 
(5333 
I04 
µ5 
443 
mon 
s
774 
*MO 
4.343 
4444 
7531. 
014 
..10 
in. 
]101 
1sa' 
MI 
WY 
• 
ler 
Da 
.37 
IN 
3211 
$701 
334 
14.7 
10: 
OM•
an 
liar 
us 
MM 
0101 
no 
I 1 fa 
440 
l34 
cm 
110 
to 
3:10 
Wes 
Sin 
133 
3.T. 
4101 
NI 
SSC 
Sr 
333 
Ss 
044 
On 
SIM 
*I 
MM 
1111 
MM 
Sae 
an 
sat 
iW 
0114
140 
11102 
air 
an' 
074 
a 
an 
11511 
.00% 
$211 
an 
In 
401 
In 
SIMI 
an 
sun* 
.P1,0 
0.1% 
OK" 
14474 
11.171 
ram 
$1..44 
On 
4711 
540 
044 
4444 
041 
1441 
Ian 
44% 
6121 
on 
SAW 
7.T 
Ina 
47% 
6111 
24% 
6771 
:VC 
an 
IlAr 
rn 
00/1 
an la 
4$14 
0414 
0% 
.011 
411 
la 
IPA 
In 
an 
an 
us' 
74% 
OA% 
Aln 
awl 
Una 
Mn 
114 
14.4 
NNW 
424 
an 
VA% 
171% 
nom 
In 
411.024 
704 
MAIO 
pn. 
0974 
22% 
0.40 
.% 
15$ 
In 
Sit 
71.% 
aft 
on 
on 
14710 
10.6 
03140
40W 
4134 
Mn 
On 
177% 
ten 
On 
11" 
a711 
0.0% 
024 
121 
(In 
en 
in 
IA% 
14•11. 
W014 
an 
an 
PAO' 51.76 
IA 
6% 
Win 
IA}. 
101 
04" 
11301 
$1.1•1 
(1.10 
11444 
tam 
Mal 
603 
51.7.3 
II 11 
14211. 
An 
4•11 
an 
Ilea 
in 
4111 
on 
440% 
1723 
17" 
sin 
len 
7111$ 
7147. 
0" 
021 
Mtn 
$11131 
10. 
4n, 
Sal 
KM 
:04 
:^ 
WM 
QM 
1A 
40% 
0.47 
QIN 
11% 
1.,% 
amt 
$10414 
14 
,4 
It 
tfA 
IS 
RR 
An 
RC 
441 
.141 
4163, 
an' 
len 
1011 
-0 1% 
Il• 
445 
I.% 
3221 
)7.n 
suret 
OM' 
13.3% 
3021 
Kill 
KS 
w1
a 
a1 
1411 
4.4% 
61.14: 25a
a 
It 
ars 
Lean) 
01% 
*0 
5" 
Oa 
417142 
4.11 
'77% 
Oft 
An 
4.1% 
In 
1a1 
1.016 
stlii 
ars 
51.701 
42% 
OA% 
Ian 
SEIM 
6.40 
st. 
1103 
13.444 
tee 
001 
73%
In 
4. 4% 
17.71 
len 
774141 
431 
San . 
Jn 
Sat 
:as 
QM 
404 
Ina 
3T 
tta 
.. n 
a* 
4093 
14.3 
11.411 
17.% 
10" 
411 
404 
In 
5.4% 
014 
an 
sum 
sae 
37.0% 
341114 
063 
0.71.1 
silsr 
Mn 
134 
*5 
fen 
474% 
an 
70.11.7 
47a 
31144' 
27% 
14/01 
Ju
.. 
12.147 
not 
AM 
30.1 
MO 
In 
/a 
4*
fa 
4, :• 
On 
Oita 
9.0% 
Oa 
*4% 
Oa 
4/1 
110 
404 
4" 
an 
an 
wan 
43% 
97.1111 
HM 
01.104 
111.101 
$1.14 
Lein 
all 
*WI 
4% 
44.04 
4% 
44% 
non 
7.14 
SUM ' 
3% 
*430 
Q1 
31% 
534? 
:A 
IOW 
:1% 
IS 
la 
all 
: 1" 
II .13 
46.07 
4441 
1731 
144 
0% 
431 
Ion 
Of 
1.4% 
an 
an 
sun 
0" 
171% 
AM 
11.740 
11.40 
nee 
Ian 
UV 
4010 
a44 
061 
WI% 
It^ 
414 
64% 
• rs 
IN 
4311 
Mn 
one 
• .1 
17.4% 
/1134 
04.414 
MAIM 
0.0% 
533$ 
34 
411 
WOW 
r.r6. 
4644 
OS% 
tals 
21472/7 
,1% 
61230 
74 
MIN 
10.00 
31% 
1320 
2.04 
' 0)641 
2414 
IS 
WA 
an 
11.470 
HI% 
In 
*332.
^lA 
44.0% 
an 
an 
nazi• 
20% 
Mans' 
in 
lull' 
Q334' 
IN 
In 
POI' 
:T 
la 
140 
Mal 
21% 
an 
3:0. 
We 
40% 
01.40 
1r% 
en 
3" 
IN 
IS 
Me 
la 
101 
41314 
PODS 
SION 
WOOS 
In 
'10 
OW 
1.113 
*10 
P1* 
an 
10/10 
Sn, 
mat 
sae 
I% 
On 
ISO 
Lai 
430 
In 
Lel 
IS 
14.111 
1713 
4442 
1.703 
IWO 
1W 
1340 
4934 
IW 
4- 
.11214 
an 
404 
• 
03, 
Oft 
(1%. 
MO 
440 
414 
496 
19J/ 
637 
4.13 
433 
617 
034 
o 
▪ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
OM. 
0573 
1.•3 
4710 
044 
Sum 
Oa 
11.110 
316 
3$3 
P14 
I114.1 
137 
131 
III 
O 
• 
ass' 
IsAle 
Ile 
W744 
en 
•03 
Ka 
an 
au I 
42941 
01.a 
pa 
SIM 
UM 
4.% 
1  11
4 
I'D 
Ill' 
SIN 
WOW 
44.031 
447 
nae 
114/1 
dam 
41711 
411 
4541 
444% 
•No 
1311 
II 3% 
004 
134% 
0.3% 
Inn 
1774 
42% 
*1% 
Oa 
711% 
M11 
OS 
Ma 
la 
4.111 
411 
4,% 
4.1. 
604 
11% 
4.03. 
1104 
441 
016 
44% 
02% 
44% 
1% 
13% 
.1.3% 
UM 
IS 
aft 
nos 
133% 
57.44 
11% 
an 
ain 
nisi 
$410 
PANS 
5.5 
Oaf 
nl 
an 
Oa 
0.014 
Ia 
0.111 
II" 
VINS 
ate. 
art 
at% 
0141 
an 
WM 
11.737 
am son 
sun 
an 
11.4 
Mae 
nal 
nelS 
*40 
NA 
Ma 
74011 
it al 
54.6 
$130 
staw 
as
Ula 
an 
an 
an 
004 
Os 
144 
SIT 
4411 
Ma 
WWI 
Ina 
Ina 
MS 
J4 
SP% 
Jn 
7.4a 
ft
ani 
4414 
4411% 
411 
an 
nn 
47.0% 
a,n 
044 
nn 
it/s 
0111 
144432 
MAX 
Ma 
TOM 
7." 
2.34 
274 
111111' Pine • 
112.444 • suns 
11. 
Mal 
110/2 
IT 
:" 
11321 
We  
VIM 
Ian 
I" 
1^ 
02.344 
Ina 
6710 
*413 
Man 
60.143 
fan 
Meat 
211. 
22% 
1. 7% 
MA 
la 
OH= 
244 
Mae 
Jn 
0341 
12% 
6270 
wl 
2.04 
110302 
1% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256466 
DB-SDNY-0 110282 
EFTA01452945

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452946.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2014 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
Disclosure checklist 
Company 
Tucker 
Recent price• 
Disclosure 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
HCA.N 
48.46 (USD) 3 Feb 14 
7,8,14,15,17 
fences an sourced from local exchanges Via Reuters. Bloomberg and other vendors. Data .s sourced from booted,* Bark and subject compenres 
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators 
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States. 
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes. 
7. 
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment 
banking or financial advisory services within the past year. 
8. 
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) expects to receive, or intends to seek, compensation for investment banking 
services from this company in the next three months. 
14. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received non-investment banking related compensation from this company 
within the past year. 
15. This company has been a client of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc within the past year, during which time it received 
non-investment banking securities-related services. 
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators 
Please also refer to disclosures in the Important Disclosures Required by US Regulators and the Explanatory Notes. 
7. 
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment 
banking or financial advisory services within the past year. 
17. Deutsche Bank and or/its affiliate(s) has a significant Non-Equity financial interest (this can include Bonds, 
Convertible Bonds, Credit Derivatives and Traded Loans) where the aggregate net exposure to the following 
issuer(s), or issuer(s) group, is more than 25m Euros. 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at http://gm.db,com/ger/disclosure/Disclosure.eqsr?ricCode=HCA.N 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the 
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive 
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Darren Lehrich 
Page 12 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110283 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256467 
EFTA01452946

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452947.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2014 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
'Historical recommendations and target price: HCA Holdings, Inc. (HCA.N) 
(as of 2/3/2074) 
6000 
CO 
CO 
I 
.1 30 CO 
2000 
CO 
000 
Ma 11 Jun 11 Sep 11 Dec 11 Mar 12 Jun 12 5
Dec 12 Mar 13 Jun 13 Sep 13 Dec 13 
Previous Recommendations 
Strong Buy 
Buy 
Market Perform 
Underperlorm 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
Current Recommendations 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
Not Rated 
Suspended Rating 
'New Recommendation Structure 
as of September 9.2002 
1. 
04/19/2011: 
Upgrade to Buy. Target Price Change USD41.00 
S. 
02/23/2012: 
Upgrade to Buy, USD32.00 
2. 
05/06/2011: 
Buy. Target Price Change USD42.00 
9. 
05/04/2012: 
Buy. Target Price Change USD33.00 
3. 
05/13/2011: 
Buy. Target Price Change USD33.00 
11/07/2012: 
Buy. Target Price Change USD40.00 
4. 
1005/2011: 
Downgrade to Hold. Target Price Change USD23.00 
01130/2013: 
Buy, Target Price Change USDI4.00 
5. 
11/01/2011: 
Hold, Target Price Change USD25.00 
05/07/2013: 
Buy. Target Price Change USD46.00 
6. 
12/07/2011: 
Hold. Target Price Change USD26.00 
10/07/2013: 
Buy, Target Price Change USD56.00 
7. 
02/06/2012:  
Hold, Target  Puce Change USD32.00 
01/08/2014: 
Buy, Target Price Change USD58.00 
IEquiw along key 
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total 
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in 
share price from current price to projected target price 
plus pro-jected dividend yield ) , we recommend that 
investors buy the stock. 
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the 
stock 
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months 
out and, based on this time horizon, do not 
recommend either a Buy or Sell. 
Notes: 
1. Newly issued research recommendations and 
target prices always supersede previously published 
research. 
2. Ratings definitions prior to 27 January, 2007 were: 
Buy: Expected total return (including dividends) 
of 10% or more over a 12-month period 
Hold: 
Expected 
total 
return 
(including 
dividends) between -10% and 10% over a 12-
month period 
Sell: Expected total return (including dividends) 
of -10% or worse over a 12-month period 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships 
500 
450 
400 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
MCompanies Covered ■Cos w/ Ranking Relationship 
North American Universe 
Pago 13 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110284 
SDNY_GM_00256468 
EFTA01452947

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452948.pdf
----------------------------------------
1CHCSA US 
51. 
Q51.70 /51.71 Q 
x 18 
.. 
At 14:50 
Vol 8 , 421 ,756 
52.32 D 
H 52.37 Q 
L 51.44 7 
Val 436.407M 
SA US Eq. 
gfgrfrwirSave As
Actions 
t 
ell Table 
Line Chart
,or 2.(1,13 
z: 
=MA 
Comas 
Dal
St 
Hex 
y 
St 
I 
E 
+' ' Track 
Annotate 
News 
Zoom 
56.00 
54.00 
OEM 
50.00 
48.00 
Ai Last Price 
51.70 
T High on 02/12/14 55.24 
--•-• Average 
45.6145 
Low on 06/20/13 38.91 
-vi'lviri\b"-tvv\jvP  
y• Volume 
8.427M 
L MI SMAVG (15) 20.179M1 
Mar 
Jun 
Sep 
Dec 
2013 
2014 
46.00 
44.00 
42.00 
40.00 
38.00 
50M 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256471 
DB-SDNY-0110287 
EFTA01452948

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452949.pdf
----------------------------------------
IFFIV US 
15:45 
•,,c1 1,437,007 
115.95 
I- 116.707 
113.97 
165.847M 
S3Ve As 
If Actions - 
97) Edit - 
Table 
Line Chart 
FFIV US €quity 
01:07,27.,12 
1J 
3D 
111 
114.40 114.44 
.1 
MOM " Ear " 
c-"" 
mizimmionimp 
611 
YTD 
lY 
5Y 
Max 
Da 
C." security/sway 
‘11 Event 
I
4,- Track z Annotate 
n= News 
, Zoom 
e• Last Price 
114.40 
T High on 03/06/14 114.77 
-9- Average 
86.8413 
Low on 06/24/13 
68.02 
P-100 
P-70 
icra tolume 
1.437M 
tvIAVG (15) 1.288M 
bill Ahab 
0-10M 
Mar 
Jun 
 Sep 
2013 
2014 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110288 
SDNY_GM_00256472 
EFTA01452949

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452950.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
• 
The front-end end game: Last year we suggested that there would be 
consolidation in the frontend space, engineered by the active players - a result 
of Qualcomm's then announcement of RF 360, a completely integrated 
frontend solution on CMOS. Before the show, RFMD announced a bid for 
Triquint attempting to grab one of the two main players in passive, frontend 
BAW filters (Avago being the other). We do not feel like this is the end of the 
match-making, possibly with Triquint, and certainly outside of this deal, with 
other players attempting to redefine their own positions. Bottom line, the front 
end active players are merging with the front-end passive players (and other 
active players) in an attempt to develop fully integrated FEM's to compete with 
Qualcomm. 
• 
Infrastructure poised for growth: Almost every network equipment vendor we 
met with sounded optimistic about operator spending in the year ahead. With 
LTE rollouts continuing around the globe, and beginning in earnest in places 
like Europe, China, Africa and CALA, we believe this will be a solid year for 
infrastructure spend. Our checks indicate that spending will be significant 
across many operators in a number of geographies, as many understand the 
operational advantages of the all-IP architecture of LTE and feel confident 
enough about the macro environment to make the improvements. A few also 
noted decent recent 3G spending trends as developing markets increase 
spending in this more cost reduced (especially in handsets) technology. 
We also have updates on the following companies and provide more detail in the body 
of the note: 
Qualcomm: On the baseband side, Qualcomm continued to press its lead, with others 
making announcements but few showing signs that they would make real progress in 
terms of volumes this year. The company issued a bevy of press releases, one of which 
was the release of their Snapdragon 600 series, which we believe underscores 
Qualcomm's strategy to waterfall their technology, bringing LTE modem capabilities 
further down market and increasing the hurdle for other merchant vendors looking to 
make an inroad into the market. They also announced a frontend win with ZTE. The 
solution integrates the power amplifier, antenna switch and high band amplifier on one 
platform. While Qualcomm announced a design win, other frontend players were busy 
both making deals and displaying their wares. 
Peregrine: Peregrine demoed their CMOS PA, and the results were impressive - the 
company was able to achieve 44% efficiency in LTE used alongside Nuijira's envelope 
tracking solution - being at least as good, if not better than the best GaAs competitor. 
With WCMDA, the solution achieves 48% efficiency without envelope tracking, in line 
with the best GaAs competitor. Many hardware vendors had been impressed with the 
demo results, and while RFMD has made inroads into Peregrine's territory recently, we 
believe that Peregrine should be able to secure design wins with this PA solution given 
its efficiency and size. 
Audience: In our meeting with management, they sounded constructive about growth 
with Chinese-based OEMs and their traction in adjacent markets. They also sounded 
encouraged about their recent announcement around motion technology, called Motion 
O technology, which enables activity navigation and gesture interpretation while 
consuming low energy (less than 5mW). The company feels that there are a number of 
use cases around the technology and while we tend to agree, we note that the 
technology is still in its early stages. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110291 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256475 
EFTA01452950

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452951.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
Blackberry: Blackberry likely won for most press releases during Mobile World 
Congress. In the bevy of statements, we found their clarification of MDM pricing with 
EZPass to be the most resonant of all of them. The new pricing scheme breaks down 
their MOM solution into two, clear levels, which make it simple for any customer to 
understand. Overall, we think management continues to make smart decisions about 
the way forward. It is difficult not to think about what could have been had these 
decisions been implemented years ago. However, in spite of management's attempts at 
a turnaround, our belief is it could be too late, at least to justify the current market cap 
size of the company. 
infrastructure 
Cisco: Our conversations with Cisco's mobile networking sales and business leaders at 
MWC - and with our industry contacts - suggest that Cisco's service provider business 
overall is still in "transition" mode. While Cisco pre-announced the CRS-X core router in 
2013, the company is yet to ship the CRS-X to the telcos or ISPs in their production 
networks. Further, while Cisco's higher-end edge router ASR 9k (suited for metro core 
versus for lower-end metro access edge use cases) is seeing double-digit order 
bookings trends, we continue to note an air-gap in Cisco's low and mid-range access 
edge router portfolio - with the company's legacy 7600 routers etc seeing growing 
competition from Juniper's MX and Alcatel Lucent's 7k series at the US telcos - e.g. at 
AT&T, etc, and from Huawei at the Tier-1 telcos in Europe, China, and in Latin America. 
F5 Networks: We are raising our Price Target on F5, from $120 to $130; reflecting our 
improved conviction on F5's next-phase growth opportunities in Telco and in Next-Gen 
Security - following our MWC and RSA conference meetings. Our key insight on F5 is 
our higher conviction on the company's next-phase growth opportunities in Telco 
Network Intelligence and Next-Gen Security use cases. Field color from our MWC 
industry meetings correlate well with our recent round of IT channel conversations -
which note that F5's +2 years of R&D and sales cycle investment at the major telcos 
(e.g. Verizon, AT&T, Vodafone, Telefonica, etc) on Layer 4/7 network intelligence 
initiatives is starting to positively impact F5's telco sales pipeline. While the company 
noted recent set of LTE signaling and mobile data traffic management related design 
wins at O1 in Latin America and at carriers in the EMEA and APAC - our research 
suggests the company has secured design wins at the large US telcos during 2014 
(Verizon and AT&T Domain 2.0). 
CommScope: Out of all of our companies, CommScope sounded the most positive. 
Their Wireless business is keeping pace, helped by LTE and 3G infrastructure 
coverage/capacity projects in Europe, CALA, Africa and Asia and capacity 
improvements here in North America. The company's DAS business has done well, as 
enterprises continue to look for easily deployable, multi-vendor solutions. To build on 
this, the company announced the Ion-E, a new DAS solution which is frequency 
agnostic (380 Mhz to 2700 MHz; multimode and allows the possibility to add WiFi) and 
with access points that can be powered over Ethernet (POE). The company continues to 
innovate in areas where they have the scale to bring specific products to markets. We 
reiterate our Buy here, as we feel the year should be a strong one for the company. 
Ciena: Our MWC conversations with Ciena's CTO gave us insight on management's 
view on Alcatel Lucent selected recently as the second source supplier at Verizon, on 
100G and OTN switching upgrade opportunities this calendar year, etc. We get the read 
from our conversations with management that Verizon is likely to follow an 80/20 rule 
for its optical network sourcing - i.e. appx 80% of long haul and metro optical 
networking upgrades using Ciena's platforms and the remainder likely allocated to the 
second-source supplier. Further, we note that a meaningful runway for Ciena's Carrier 
Ethernet (Packet Networking) switches for aggregating traffic from 4G macro cells (and 
Page 4 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110292 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256476 
EFTA01452951

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452952.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
ongoing 4G small cell rollouts) at the major US and rest of world telcos - with Ciena 
noting that appx 50% of cell towers are lit by fiber - suggesting to us that there is appx 
a +30% runway remaining for "fiberization" of the radio access and metro aggregation 
network. We provide our preview of Ciena's upcoming quarterly results in a separate 
note. 
Mavenir: Our MWC conversations with Mavenir senior management noted a positive 
view on Voice over LTE network services rollouts in 2014+ at the company's US and 
European telco customers - i.e. at T-Mobile US, Deutsche Telecom, France Telecom, 
Vodafone, etc. We get the read that Mavenir's US telco customers are likely to rollout 
VoLTE and RCS services sooner versus their European telco counterparts this calendar 
year. We also noted 11 new carrier customer wins for Mavenir's voice network 
solutions in Europe - with potential for VoLTE, RCS. and messaging services rollouts in 
these customer wins later this year. 
Cavium: Our MWC conversations with senior management suggests that Cavium's 
Fusion chip shipments (likely a $20-30 part) into 3G and 4G small cells rollouts is still in 
early stage at the present - likely a 21114+ revenue opportunity for Cavium in our view. 
The Fusion chip likely to ship into OEM platforms (NSN, Huawei, Samsung) at around 
telcos for the initial phase of 3G/4G small cells rollouts -followed by +15 carriers in 
the subsequent phases. While we are constructive on Cavium's CY15+ rev growth 
opportunities for the new chips - Octeon3, Fusion, Neuron, etc - we remain with our 
neutral near-term view and our Hold-rating on the stock - noting balanced risk/reward 
at current levels - i.e. the stock trading at appx 24x P/E for -19% First Call consensus 
rev growth expectation. 
Ixia: Our MWC conversations with the network testing solutions vendors is another set 
of datapoints supporting our near-term caution on Ixia - a key vendor in enterprise and 
carrier network test and network visibility solutions. While 40GE datacenter switch 
testing and LTE voice and data network equipment and network services testing are 
multi quarter opportunities for Ixia - we note lumpiness in LTE network testing orders 
(at telcos such as AT&T, etc), 40GE datacenter switch testing still in early stages and 
virtualization of testing applications moderating demand for incremental box capacity. 
Ruckus: At the show management appeared confident, likely fed by continued cable 
provider traction. One point which struck us as positive was management's warm 
reception to LTE-over-unlicensed (LTE-u). They suggested LTE-u could be a positive 
development for some of their MSO customers, helping them to possibly put together a 
mobile strategy (e.g. Republic Wireless). Despite the cable provider wins and the 
acceptance of LTE-u, we remain on the sidelines here, as we would like to see them 
gain traction in the mobile operator space, an area where we believe if won, would 
begin to justify their P/E multiple. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110293 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256477 
EFTA01452952

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452953.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
Sine of the Times 
State of the baseband - the fight continues foi number two 
As most of our readers know, we suggested last August, that Qualcomm would see 
little LTE baseband competition in 2014. In short, Mobile World Congress only 
reinforced this viewpoint. In Barcelona, we met with most of the merchant baseband 
players and a number of industry contacts across the mobile device landscape, and 
what is increasingly clear to us, is that this year the fight will be for a foothold, in hopes 
to make a play for meaningful LTE volume, and the second spot in LTE, behind 
Qualcomm in 2015. While we once argued that Mediatek was the clear number two 
behind Qualcomm (they remain the strong #2 in overall mobile modem unit volumes 
and profitability), in LTE this point has been muddied a bit by the progress of a few 
others and what we feel are challenges for Mediatek (though we do continue to believe 
that in 2015, Mediatek will likely be the #2 unit leader in low-end LTE, behind °COM). 
For their part, Qualcomm issued a bevy of press releases at the show. The company 
was demoing a Category 6 baseband, the 9x35, and also announced the Samsung 55 
win, with their Snapdragon 801 SOC. Our checks indicate that Qualcomm will gain 
market-share in Samsung's top model (-50% of the S4 by our estimates, going to -70-
80% of the S5). The company also announced the Snapdragon 600 series, with a 64-bit 
octa-core processor running on ARMv8 architecture. The 600 series will integrate 
Qualcomm's third generation baseband, with Cat 4 LTE capabilities. The announcement 
underscores Qualcomm's strategy to waterfall their technology, bringing LTE modem 
capabilities further down market, increasing the hurdle for other merchant vendors 
looking to make an inroad into the market. There was also announcement on the front 
end, but we discuss this later with the assessment of the industry moves being made 
here. 
On the LTE baseband side, Qualcomm continued to press its lead, with others making 
announcements but few showing signs that they would make real progress in terms of 
LTE unit volumes this year. Mediatek, which we still considered Qualcomm's greatest 
threat, made their LTE announcement weeks ago. At the show, they announced a win 
with Alcatel for their dual chip, LTE solution. We feel volumes will likely be light for this 
model given Alcatel's position in handsets. And despite the announcement a few weeks 
ago of Mediatek's integrated LTE solution, our checks indicate that this chipset would 
only be shipping in handsets from Chinese-based OEMs in late 2014; developed world 
LTE volumes would only come in 2015. And LTE with carrier aggregation (LTE-
Advanced) is a ways-off - 2015 is a best-case scenario. While there is potential that 
Mediatek could see decent LTE volume in developing markets exiting CY 2014 - the 
company highlighted their target market, the "Super-Mid" ($79 - $399), in a new 
marketing campaign - Qualcomm and others will be busy challenging them here as 
well. In short, while we do not discount Mediatek in the least, we do think they are 
further away than their recent press releases would have most believe. 
Another major player, one that has been knocking on the door for some time, is Intel. 
Our checks indicate that the company did win an LTE SKU with the S5 (remember that 
in the S5, as in the S4, they will also be in the 3G only version as the modem with the 
Exynos AP, but 3G volumes in the S5 will be lower than they were with the S4). It is our 
understanding that this will be dual-chip solution, with separate Cat-6 LTE chip and 
3G/2G modem, and will only be available in a limited market, which we understand to 
be with a carrier in Germany. We believe winning a slot in the S5 is encouraging, as it is 
Page 6 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110294 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256478 
EFTA01452953

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452954.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
first meaningful win for its single mode LTE chipset; however, we would warn that until 
the company is able to design an efficient, multi-mode solution, we do not see them 
gaining meaningful share. The current, two-chip solution in the $5 SKU will likely be 
expensive and inefficient, as it uses two ARM licenses and implemented with two 
discrete elements. Intel is supporting this design win with co-marketing funding. As it 
stands, we believe that efforts to complete a multimode solution are not going as well 
as some had hoped, and that there are still be meaningful challenges to overcome as 
the company struggles to integrate disparate technology acquisitions. 
Some of the more encouraging words from our checks were reserved for Broadcom. 
Heading into the show, the company already had an LTE design win with their Renasas 
(Nokia) solution in the Samsung Ace 3. And while we did not see the model on the 
show floor, many indicated that the multi-mode solution was working well and that 
Broadcom would be announcing an upgraded version of their modem in the near-future 
(possibly LTE Cat-6). If the company is able follow through on this, we believe they 
could find small, but relatively meaningful volumes for BRCM, in the mid- to possibly 
higher-end, exiting the end of the year. 
Remember, this is the former very competent Nokia modem design team that has their 
own fully integrated multimode protocol stack (2G-LTE). Only QCOM, Ericsson (EMP) 
and BRCM (Nokia) possess their own fully integrated 2G-LTE protocol stack. The 
protocol stack is the operating system of the modem and having a seamless, fully 
integrated solution has advantages few outside the modem design world can 
appreciate. Other players have what one of our contacts referred to as "Frankenstien" 
protocol stacks (having licensed protocol stacks from four different stack suppliers). 
And as wireless technology advances, these Frankenstien protocol stacks, like the 
monster, become increasingly difficult to control and manage, impacting advanced 
technology implementation and release dates. 
Others were mostly left out of the conversation with LTE, given the apparent lack of 
resources and resulting lack of clout with handset vendors. In other areas, like 2G and 
3G, we feel that pricing will continue to be pressured, as handset price points hit new 
levels of affordability (e.g. $25 smartphones with 1GHz processors, GSM/Edge and wifi) 
In short, while we continue to believe Mediatek to be Qualcomm's most credible overall 
competitor, we think the shift to LTE creates an opportunity for perhaps one other 
vendor. While we will not venture to guess who this might be, we note that Qualcomm 
is not standing still and possess massive volume economies of scale much larger than 
everyone else combined. The company continues to press ahead not just with modem 
technology, but other areas of the handset BOM, small cell, as well as building out 
platforms in order to leverage the overarching theme of mobility and the internet of 
things in general. We reiterate our Buy rating on QCOM. 
Smartphones - High-end commoditizes; Firefox redefines cheap; 
new technologies to drive data growth; augmented reality and 
personal encryption buzzes 
It is strikingly obvious that differentiating on the high-end is difficult. Every major 
handset OEM at the show had shiny new handsets (and tablets), as well as a wearable 
to go along with it. Last year we suggested that most should attempt to differentiate on 
software, by tweaking Android. The results of this have been mixed at best. Samsung's 
health and security enhancements have made it no more sticky, just as Sony's content 
offerings offer little draw to the hardware, which otherwise looked the most impressive 
at the show. Nokia attempted to go further down market with its first Android handset 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 7 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110295 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256479 
EFTA01452954

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452955.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
ever (strictly Android open source code with no integration into Google), but the 
strategic questions of this maneuver overshadowed any attributes that the device may 
have had. What was most worrisome, was that a cursory look around hall 7, where 
many of the Chinese-based OEMs resided, revealed smartphones that were at least as 
feature rich as any the major OEM design houses were carrying. Many even had 
wearables to go alongside them. All of this points to a market that is continually being 
commoditized, at least on the hardware side - a suggestion that has been made years 
before, but a theme that is now so palpable at the show it is hard to ignore. 
The good news for many across the globe is that smartphones are only getting cheaper. 
Firefox took this one step further, introducing a S25 smartphone at the show. The 
phone runs on a 1 Ghz application processor and has a Spreadtrum Edge baseband and 
WiFi connectivity. We were able to demo the device, which we felt was a large 
improvement on the year before, when they had the OS (which is based on HTML-5) 
running on a more expensive 800 mhz processor. Overall, we feel as though Firefox is 
moving in the right direction with this OS, towards the masses with the hope to migrate 
these initial customers to more expensive devices in the future. Just in terms of buzz, 
the Firefox booth was constantly packed with people and had moved from the 
hinterlands of hall 8 up to hall 3, where many of the bigger companies were located. It 
appears the thirst for anything non-Android or non-iOS is significant, and as long as 
Firefox continues to refine its solution, and target the low-end, we feel there should be 
an encouraging reception there. 
Ubuntu was also there as an alternative to Android or iOS. Last year, the company 
appeared to have the most complete OS offering of any of the three main alternatives - 
Tizen being the third. During the past year, the company has been able to sign up a 
number of both operators and hardware vendors, and while the OS is aimed more at 
the mid- to high-end than Firefox or Tizen, the OS is also the most unique. The buzz was 
comparable to last year, which was to say it was decent and relatively less notable than 
Firefox. Regardless, we believe it could have legs given that so many in the entire 
mobile ecosystem would like to see more players. 
The show was lacking in terms of "wow" factors from the handset side. However, there 
were a few mobile applications that caught our attention. Metaio, a company which has 
an augmented reality solution, was showing off some very interesting use cases; one 
from Ikea was demonstrating pulling items like furniture from a physical catalog, onto a 
3D imaging sensor attached to a smartphone or tablet and placing the item into your 
home (viewed through the tablet screen) so you can see what it would look like in your 
home; another, using 3D glasses, used 3D images to augment the physical world to 
walk a repairman through the steps they needed to perform to repair an air conditioner. 
The company has been in existence for almost ten years - the technology was originally 
formed at Volkswagen. The idea of the technology is becoming more mainstream and 
Metaio could be one of the key beneficiaries given how advanced the solution appears. 
The other player in this space is Qualcomm, which for some time now has promoted its 
augmented reality platform Vuforia. The difference between the two is that Metaio has 
a solution and is adapting it to customer use cases, whereas Qualcomm has a platform 
and is looking for app developers to do the consumer facing. In either case, the 
technology in general is very interesting and we think it could easily be adopted by 
consumers in significant fashion, all the while increasing demand for data across the 
network. We expect augmented reality to be one of the major themes in next years 
MWC as a major handset vendor could launch a smartphone and/or tablet with an 
integrated 3D image sensor in front of the show. 
Handset hardware appeared more iterative from our standpoint. One company we met 
with, Skycross, has developed an antenna solution for 4X4 MIMO, a seemingly simple 
Page 8 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110296 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256480 
EFTA01452955

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452956.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
Our key insight on F5 is our higher conviction on the company's next-phase growth 
opportunities in Telco Network Intelligence and Next-Gen Security use cases, as we 
highlight below: 
Telco Network Intelligence: Field color from our MWC industry meetings correlate well 
with our recent round of IT channel conversations - which note that F5's +2 years of 
R&D and sales cycle investment at the major telcos (e.g. Verizon. AT&T. Vodafone, 
Telefonica, etc) on Layer 4/7 network intelligence initiatives is starting to positively 
impact F5's telco sales pipeline. 
While the company noted recent set of LTE signaling and mobile data traffic 
management related design wins at 01 in Latin America and at carriers in the EMEA and 
APAC - our research suggests likely design wins at the large US telcos during 2014 
(e.g. at Verizon, AT&T Domain 2.0, etc) - for LTE Diameter Signaling, LTE Roaming, 
mobile web traffic steering, enforcing BW caps for mobile data plans, mobile network 
firewalls. etc. 
The telco design wins involve a multi-Q sales pipeline for F5's NW platforms such as 
the higher-end BIG-IP 7k/10k series and Viprion, SW modules such as Traffix Diameter 
Signaling, CG-NAT, Local and Global Traffic Management, Policy Enforcement, 
Application and Network Firewalls, Access Policy Management, etc, and pre/post-sales 
telco solutions integration + consulting opportunities. 
F5 has "crossed the chasm" in our view - in terms of being a viable carrier-grade SW 
and HW platform solution for the large telcos - for enabling the mobile operators in 
particular to effectively monetize their LTE data services subscribers - using 
sophisticated usage based charging schemes - and pricing methods for specific 
consumer and business demographics - such as teen-rate plans, corporate plans, etc 
[refer to our recent FITT on Big Data Networking for the SW use cases in network 
intelligence!. 
Driving the demand for F5's layer 4/7 and application-aware service provider network 
intelligence solutions is the carrier industry's imperative around Network Functions 
Virtualization INFVI and "Network Consolidation". 
We plan on a deep-dive follow-on note on the Telco NFV and Network Consolidation 
themes. 
In the context of this note, it is noteworthy to highlight that F5 is seeing opportunities to 
sell its Layer 4/7 network intelligence solutions at the large mobile operators - primarily 
due to the window of opportunity that has opened up for F5 in: 
1. Telco NFV: which involves deploying SW and virtual appliances for Control Plane use 
cases such as LTE Diameter Signaling Routing, LTE Roaming, Usage-Based Mobile 
Data Plans, Web Traffic Steering, etc; 
Network Consolidation: Mobile operators, keen on meaningfully improving the 
EBITDA profitability of their LTE mobile data service offerings are looking to consolidate 
multiple legacy network elements (security, policy servers, DPI/analytics, charging 
servers, IPv4/v6 address translation, etc) in the Gi and SGi network - i.e. the network 
segment between the mobile packet core (GGSN/S-GW, etc) and the IP edge router -
using newer technology platforms such as F5's multi Gigabit BIG IP or Viprion ADC 
platforms running multiple SW modules - so as to structurally lower their network cost 
basis and also leverage new application- and web traffic aware network intelligence 
features to implement new usage and traffic based mobile rate plans, etc. 
Deutsche Bank &townies Inc. 
Pogo 13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110301 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256485 
EFTA01452956

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452957.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
Next-Gen Security: On the security use cases, our MWC and RSA conference 
conversations suggest that the "best" solutions bundle - involving F5's BIG IP or 
Viprion ADC running the Traffic Management, Access Policy Management, and Web 
Application Security + Network Firewalling Modules - is currently seeing the most sales 
traction - versus the "good" or the "better" solutions bundle (which do not include the 
security SW modules). 
Higher than anticipated IT customer demand for the "best" solutions module - which 
includes F5's ADC feature-functions and at least 1 security related SW module -
suggests to us that interest in F5's Next-Gen Security solutions is clearly on the uptick -
the key demand driver, in our view, is Datacenter IT customer's preference for high-
performance DDOS mitigation systems (which require 100's of Gbps of traffic 
processing throughput (offered by F5) - versus peers mostly selling 1 Os of Gbps 
capable DDOS mitigation appliances). 
A related demand driver for F5's Application + Network Firewall solutions is the 
differentiated value proposition of F5's "Full Proxy" architecture - which, in our view, 
has higher security efficacy (in terms of threat mitigation efficiency, application aware 
security policies, etc) versus conventional stateful inspection firewalls (which mostly 
look at ports and protocols versus examine application layer events). 
Our MWC and RSA conference meetings suggest to us that F5 is likely to introduce a 
range of subscription services oriented security services - for DDOS mitigation, etc -
which could help improve the visibility of the quarterly revenue flow - given inherent 
lumpiness in box oriented purchases. 
There are 2 positive catalysts for F5's security business heading into CY15, in our view: 
1. Outbound Firewalls: While F5 is adding limited outbound security features to its 
inbound firewall solution this year, the company is likely to launch a new Outbound 
Firewall SW module in CY15, complementing the Inbound Firewall solution. We 
therefore see F5 competing more effectively versus CSCO, PANW, CHKP, etc for both 
inbound and outbound security use cases, heading into CY15 - helping to expand F5's 
share of wallet to the full $88 a year security market [Infonetics data]. We estimate F5's 
current wallet share in security around $2B/year. 
2. APT Defense: We see F5 targeting APT Defense opportunities in CY15 - a market 
segment in which FireEye is currently the market leader. APT complements F5's Next-
Gen Firewall in our view - adding more depth to F5's security skill sets. 
In summary, we remain positive with our Buy rating on F5 - noting Security + Telco as 
next-phase growth opportunities. 
FS: Valuation and risks 
We raise our Price Target, from $120 to $130; reflecting our improved conviction on 
F5's next-phase growth opportunities in Telco and in Next-Gen Security - following our 
recent MWC and RSA conference meetings. While we leave our FY14/15 estimates 
unchanged, we maintain a positive bias to our estimates - which we plan on updating 
post the Mar Q report. At our $130 PT, the stock would trade at appx 18x PIE on an 
FY15 First Call consensus EPS est basis (ex cash) - which is in line with our data 
networking peer group multiple of 18-19x. 
We have established our $130 Price Target using discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis. 
For our DCF, we assume a discount rate of 11.5% and a 5% growth rate. Our discount 
rate is derived on a weighted average cost of capital basis using a risk-free rate of 5.5%, 
Page 14 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110302 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256486 
EFTA01452957

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452958.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
beta of 1.4, and an equity risk premium of 5%. Our growth rate is based on a long-term 
estimate of industry growth, consistent with F5's specialty communications equipment 
peer group. 
Key downside risks to our price target are around unanticipated shifts in enterprise and 
carrier IT spending, technology disruptions in the ADC space, and F5's competitors (e.g. 
Citrix, Radware, A10, etc) taking share in key ADC use cases such as Web 2.0 and 
Cloud providers, telco and cable, and in next-gen security. 
CommScope - LTE. liG optimization and desification all provide tailwind 
Out of all of our companies, CommScope sounded the most positive. Their Wireless 
business is keeping pace, helped by infrastructure coverage projects in developing 
countries and capacity improvements here in North America. The company's DAS 
business has done well, as enterprises continue to look for easily deployable, multi-
vendor solutions. To build on this, the company announced the Ion-E, a new DAS 
solution which is frequency agnostic (380 Mhz to 2700 MHz; multirnode and allows the 
possibility to add WiFi) and with access points that can be powered over Ethernet 
(POE). We met with several operators who were excited by the flexibility the solution 
allowed. And with the point-and-click usability, it allows the enterprise IT manager to 
push into the active space, essentially becoming RF engineers. After four years of 
development, the project is commercially available now and will be shipping in the 
second half of this year, first into Europe, and later in the US and elsewhere. 
In terms of visibility, the company appeared confident about their view, both the 
quarter and the year, and suggested that many investors wrongly assumed that the 
slowdown in a few coverage projects in North America would put them at risk. But 
management believes that the pickup in LTE in Europe and elsewhere, 3G 
modernization projects in the South East Asia, Africa and Russia and continued 
capacity adds in North America will help them to maintain growth through the rest of 
the year in Wireless. We believe that management is likely being conservative with their 
guide, and feel confident that the diversity in end-markets and in their product portfolio, 
position them well for a solid year. 
In terms of the Enterprise side, DAS will also help here, especially in the second-half as 
lon-E begins shipping in volume. A recent Enterprise-specific development is the 
company's announcement of a modular data center, which can be drop-shipped to any 
customer. The solution can help customers add capacity quickly and management 
expects these solutions to add incrementally in the second half of 2014. 
With Broadband, management expects it to be profitable in the near-term, otherwise 
they could take measures if it is not. They did note that Broadband brings them 
significant cross-segment sales, and believe that they should be able to realize more 
cost synergies going forward. 
Altogether we believe CommScope should benefit from what will be a strong year in 
infrastructure spending. Furthermore, the company continues to innovate in areas 
where they have the scale to bring specific products to markets. We reiterate our Buy 
here, as we feel the year should be a strong one for the company. 
Deutsche Bank Secuiities Inc. 
Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110303 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256487 
EFTA01452958

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452959.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
Nlavenir - VoLTE the Key 
Our MWC conversations with Mavenir senior management noted a positive view on 
Voice over LTE network services rollouts in 2014+ at the company's US and European 
telco customers - i.e. at T-Mobile US, Deutsche Telecom, France Telecom, Vodafone, 
etc. 
We get the read that Mavenir's US telco customers are likely to rollout VoLTE and RCS 
services sooner versus their European telco counterparts this calendar year. 
We also noted 11 new carrier customer wins for Mavenir's voice network solutions in 
Europe - with potential for VoLTE, RCS, and messaging services rollouts in these 
customer wins later this year. 
Carrier commitment for VoLTE hovered in the 90% range; and in the 50% range for RCS 
- based on results of a recent carrier customer survey discussed by management 
during our MWC meeting. 
Management further noted improving carrier customer demand (with an assist from 
Oracle) and order booking trends for their in-house SBC solution - noting that in prior 
years the company mostly re-sold third-party SBC solutions to the telcos. 
We also note Mavenir starting to engage at Verizon in IP based voice networking use 
cases and also at AT&T for Rich Communication Services etc (a step up, in our view, 
from sales of 3G voice, video, and text messaging solutions to the carrier). 
The company feels convicted on their improving sales win/loss ratio - noting 
technologically and price/performance differentiated VoLTE, IMS control plane, and 
RCS solutions versus alternatives from the Tier-1 vendors - e.g. Nokia Solutions 
Networks, Huawei, Alcatel Lucent, etc. 
We remain with our positive outlook and our Buy rating on Mavenir - noting Voice over 
LTE, RCS, and SBC as among the key product cycle drivers for revenue growth in 
CY14/15. 
Cavium - Small Cells, but not lemto's 
Our MWC conversation with senior management suggests that Cavium's Fusion chip 
shipments (likely a S20-30 part) into 3G and 4G small cells rollouts is still in early stage 
at the present - likely a 2H14+ revenue opportunity for Cavium in our view. 
The Fusion chip likely to ship into OEM platforms (NSN, Huawei, Samsung) at around 
telcos for the initial phase of 3G/4G small cells rollouts -followed by +15 carriers in 
the subsequent phases. 
Sales of the Neuron chip into TCAM use cases is pointing to a CY15+ event, with 
Neuron chip revs likely to be less than 10% of CY15 revs by the company's estimate. 
Management also noted that sales of their Liquid I/O chipset is likely to be significant 
for this calendar year - an incremental growth driver, in the company's view, to sales of 
their core products - i.e. Octeon2, Nitrox3, etc. 
Cavium management remains convicted on their Project Thunder initiative - noting 
potential for ARM SOC chip sales into 64 bit ARM servers in Cloud-scale datacenters. 
While Octeon3 is likely to be an incremental revenue growth driver for Cavium in CY15 
(early revs for Octeon3 starting O4 CYI4), we think that the ARM SOC solutions sale is 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110305 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256489 
EFTA01452959

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452960.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
likely a CY16+ opportunity for the company - and mostly an out quarter growth story 
opportunity for management to share with investors, at the present. 
In summary, while we are constructive on Cavium's CY15+ rev growth opportunities for 
the new chips - Octeon3, Fusion, Neuron, etc - we remain with our neutral near-term 
view and our Hold-rating on the stock - noting balanced risk/reward at current levels -
i.e. the stock trading at appx 24x P/E for -19% First Call consensus rev growth 
expectation. 
Ixia - Vi rivalizat ion moderating growth 
Our MWC conversations with the network testing solutions vendors is another set of 
datapoints supporting our near-term caution on Ixia - a key vendor in enterprise and 
carrier network test and network visibility solutions. 
While 40GE datacenter switch testing and LTE voice and data network equipment and 
network services testing are multi quarter opportunities for Ixia - we note lumpiness in 
LTE network testing orders (at telcos such as AT&T, etc) and 40GE datacenter switch 
testing still in early stages and virtualization of testing applications moderating demand 
for incremental box capacity (that is, customers run virtual instances of testing scripts 
which reduce the need to purchase incremental physical capacity, lowering the overall 
industry revenue growth rate. 
That said, we remain constructive on Ixia's Anue Network Monitoring and Network 
Visibility test solutions business, while being cautious on muted growth trends in the 
near-term for Ixia's core network testing business. We remain with our Hold rating on 
Ixia. 
Ruckus - helped by cable providers; in search of mobile 
We met with Ruckus management at the show, who felt encouraged by continued 
traction by cable providers. One point which struck us as positive was management's 
warm reception to LTE-over-unlicensed (LTE-u). They suggested LTE-u could be helpful 
for some of their MSO customers, possibly pushing them to stitch together a mobile 
strategy (e.g. Republic Wireless). In addition, offering up an AP with integrated LTE-u to 
enterprises puts their enterprise customers at the negotiating table for operators. They 
noted that integrating LTE into their access points was relatively easy and would be 
part of their roadmap if demand trends moved in a positive direction. The one Mobile 
World Congress announcement for Ruckus covered their new partnership with Global 
Reach, a major VAR in the UK. The agreement is example of how Ruckus is using the 
gateway solution in areas outside of the traditional service provider vertical. The 
company will likely see more deals like this, as VARs look to increase the 
recurring/management piece of their respective revenue bases. 
In terms of 802.11ac, the company said it is shipping product and believes this will 
contribute to a better year. They also said that they will be on time with Wave 2 of 
802.11ac. The offering will undoubtedly help their competitive position, as we believe it 
has been a hindrance until now; however, with just a 10 to 15% price premium we 
believe it simply keeps ASPs stable and will not necessarily drive a new wave of 
demand. 
Overall management struck a positive tone, likely helped by the growing cable provider 
business. While we believe this to be a source of continued growth, we remain on the 
sidelines here, as we would like to see them gain traction in the mobile operator space, 
an area where we believe if won, would begin to justify their price multiple. We 
maintain our Hold rating. 
Page IS 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110306 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256490 
EFTA01452960

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452961.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
Networking Sector Valuation and Risks 
Stocks in our data networking peer group trade at a forward PIE in the 18-19x CYIS 
consensus EPS estimates range - a modest premium to the market multiple; given the 
above market growth prospects of the networking universe. 
Key risks (on the downside and upside) are from unanticipated shifts in enterprise and 
telco IT spending, share shifts from competitive new product launches, and from 
technology disruptions - creating new market entry opportunities. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 19 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110307 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256491 
EFTA01452961

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452962.pdf
----------------------------------------
O O 
Z Z 
mm 
zz 
-I -I 
r 
-0 
C 
z 
C 
m 
m 
a, 
a, 
IO en 
Mz 
I 
-< 
o 
IL abed 
oui soliunoes lueg amosinga 
• 
PHHIMMININIP IMPINOHNHVVINNIMINN4 , 
- 
RtRURRWRIII 2 WW28M 
RtligiiiiRRORRREIMI 1 R5RRIRWFRRIARRRI2l$i 
iiiifiiffifilfiiiiiii 744ilfiiiiififfiiiiiii 
iiiifilliifilliiiii 4 f 
Igagiaggigragiegill gtagiggggigaggagAll ggeggigatiggIggAgifil 
i 
d• 
iiiiimegligiiiiiiivil2 diiiimiliiliiiaiiiyill 
lie  =MI 
ggig gggva 
g 
wns.g.-..”-m9::!991I lu. .. ggs . 2 . 22.2:.1 / 
:44711iii:: iiii 
iii:;i:
i 
Oi 
kasta:ststt4;sg::!tTnt Uvg:tcse,—..-.-..-.-oli 
PWAVIALIILIIIRII9:19
e 
gtilt:terIctellscCgc!:11; 11;:::C4CC4CAzzg4igt:21$ ;;;;;;;;;;;05;;;;10 
id 
itstutrat;t:9;;tuce2e 
i;vasteuguts;g:ciegel/ 
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;Ig 
4; 
el  
2' " ""tt:::"Ozi  
u„:21/ 
la
il lrii;;Mirililieg 
all 
WIEVUEE:e2CIElin t1112RilterliffEeelais38-"Ii Dlegri/11.1siii!5iNaks" 
If 
IgeiggeEitigee!Et:MORIglgraitEig!gtelletigtil OUNO3V1higNpigilfilliii 
g
d 
befagel liMilaPAgetNZR2
i0!Vanne:W
ieg”Uil 
allillainhhgagfq 
3g d 
111 101:EEElagg
eligin'E g iN! d a".
EEE ":"H
!!!ieil
l
pouilmuiiiiikaietil 
geobedE₹»e°er,22!::ieill 1  *0001'0'9 00*otieill evidolliiillieviiii i 
MRVIiii2""i"i4,9,41 IWIIUMIHIEW"014  ndisnhdlisflOss9
venteunnigtoweJl ImmummUntie 
HOloah
thengis
h 
mmelifiNtegetagmq ImmuiletleemgEgt1
Rifigeisii!ineltits. 
Is 
i 
i 
- 
UHHEEP"""lgnEegiliellinglan494  
$ 
iisi gi oi-- i 
"
ill; ... U.04. 
If!!!!!EIlltill!fle0A 4 g2rnetE!CIIILIMEUEI 
Inglie!gii!!!!eg"I'll 
...„, 
qa 
t:cricraEElcmarai&i ;.----liEletImmEv:il lagggill:gglialggigegli 
q 
tcszclaiOststivaEz.n t_ .  ifillts:.11:::EEN:11
graggliglaggliggglaii 
cse:Ggilitstm;:ii
i-
i-----iilit;:mIgiEJI 
ggr-aglIggragggilggii 
hi 
cristttEEEttizttsz:Ei;E;m: 1-0,—EEElutsturdEall rgelliP11132:g:letil 
saasssiigicsIscesEitilz iriegraidtscus=tii:Eml 
li tainting 
iiiiaiiiisteslIMPOI
_0 N 
iittNiiiii,liiiii;04If lii$ln₹$$$!₹i$$S$9iiil ranggilleigliggiggrill 
491
itr011illinaritn ", itiiiiEitMEE:;Iirsi-III 
- i:ggillgileil:IIII:11
"th'iiiir 
lie4iitliiI;;;;;Y;;V 
I 
g 
IisiapillimiliSigaiiift1 asiviiiiiihoesigg 1i 
(NM) 
esIoN of sleue!S 
lueuxlmb3 sseppm 
Vl0Z LruelN Z 
EFTA01452962

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452963.pdf
----------------------------------------
Figure 3: Global Handset Model 
Handset Shipments 
" 
g co ar m 
ir  
S. 
By Region 
na
On thousands) 
2001 
2005 
2005 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2015E 
Z a 
E 
Sachet Unit Shipments 
Western Europa 
13:17n 
205.001 
205.057 
219582 
233,219 
166.798 
177,645 
183.814 
203.458 
207,364 
212,647 
220,989 
230.834 
Eastern Europe 
81,594 
99.511 
1111 750 
10(570 
104,319 
98,562 
122,350 
145.173 
159.271 
175.153 
177,362 
176,650 
181,688 
to 
Asia 
217.343 
321.071 
456.136 
596.558 
69(182 
795.716 
926,456 
1.147.938 
1.272.281 
1,317,197 
1911,011 
1,483.726 
1.529,444 
w 
Dow.bµd Arts 
71,959 
7101 
16.243 
94323 
/10.059 
87,769 
91273 
97.436 
107.510 
551315 
521.218 
137.335 
143.245 
Croy 
107201 
13307 
215802 
229444 
251777 
214149 
231.10,1 
301015 
541751 
555.170 
072016 
MAIO 
107213 
led• 
mm 
nm 
mm 
523,802 
556,537 
25/931 
345447 
345374 
26/70 
322824 
345330 
351200 
385282 
Montero 
5205 
9270 
20702 
37444 
44544 
40.244 
Kin 
84645 
502207 
101.653 
112126 
0.1702 
01,890 
Orration At t. 
35050 
01555 
41,400 
51000 
559,215 
125.014 
131,552 
21450 
2.31.030 
Ma 
210.512 
261141 
2711.01 
Pdsrtn Arncoca 
124,733 
128,347 
138873 
148352 
152.698 
127,187 
147,141 
188,678 
186,888 
187.631 
189,074 
196,822 
211,143 
Lawn America (Ex Gram 
31.283 
73,909 
77.718 
83.452 
87,055 
116,776 
12907 
145,519 
153,198 
165,775 
188950 
177,271 
175,4/0 
erne 
20.540 
38,610 
36285 
44,226 
56.680 
81.298 
71,413 
114,737 
11(028 
104,592 
10(673 
110,453 
108.079 
Atncaldidde East 
10.947 
78320 
94084 
144.891 
203.592 
177.750 
277,533 
318,026 
331,463 
359.485 
404,572 
435.495 
444724 
Intl Unit Shipments 
mm 
mm 
1,128412 
umm 
tmm 
maim 
1,447,144 
nuals 
mum 
am 
amm 
mom 
mem 
M 00,010 
Its% 
3417% 
Min 
10.08 
14.1% 
IA% 
1451 
61.4% 
13% 
41% 
4.11% 
42% 
14% 
By Technology 
On thousands) 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
2016E 
Handset Unit Shipments 
GSM 
474,552 
677.204 
804 774 
940.158 
1.046.447 
1011.754 
1,155992 
1,335,799 
1.294 239 
1245,928 
1,163.571 
1979589 
930.452 
siGSM 
257.307 
X28.01 
353302 
374072 
342.040 
305.024 
233.565 
221122 
07,05 
141,074 
02731 
571239 
07,932 
GIBS 
=1St 
201210 
325257 
374030 
317,617 
403064 
474.300 
552500 
50.005 
540.020 
554407 
339.307 
205707 
*EDGE 
51253 
74105 
524255 
192077 
305.220 
30.76. 
427.100 
552117 
511064 
532826 
565345 
52210 
53160 
WCDSIA 
18029 
93.891 
97.624 
171,903 
263,292 
300,821 
441.018 
556800 
682,281 
765,605 
823,270 
885,367 
938,805 
ave-00a 
583:01 
04.50 
01.071 
310.433 
145,03 
516204 
151063 
03.925 
1/4652 
142401 
564720 
15107 
274,311 
•0300A 
810 
35470 
07020 
INA NI 
213035 
402570 
54310 
023.552 
45Z.5.,M 
693679 
722411 
CCMA 
151,211 
177.709 
105.815 
215,206 
211,744 
217.873 
244,416 
247,067 
237,082 
201,328 
196,931 
205,352 
207.956 
COAM 
4016 
. 
- 
. 
Alb 
ISOM 
5;703 
- 
- 
- 
• 
. 
camAxao 1ART7 
13491 
553,05 
151636 
140107 
totem 
foam 
04006 
47.452 
47835 
45,864 
39,026 
37.576 
30443 
COMMOO 
- 
. 
. 
so 
0DAL12000 T,E$00 
0.023 
22734 
4/083 
7430 
505.000 
111.549 
04.000 
0.1773 
18108 
151421 
1.5213/ 
02721 
111454 
L7E 
- 
30,849 
107.645 
249.399 
371,180 
514.506 
711.687 
TD-SCDMA 
9,901 
21.841 
43.808 
100.189 
81,658 
105,227 
93,210 
85,916 
WiMax 
• 
• 
• 
• 
920 
1,026 
5,948 
5.375 
5,216 
5,988 
4,486 
3,975 
TDMA 
12.125 
13,868 
6,618 
2273 
• 
• 
• 
• 
CEN 
6,626 
6.710 
1238 
6,179 
4.500 
2256 
2,183 
2,158 
1,565 
932 
381 
392 
352 
12039101 
14,620 
9.366 
5.323 
2.913 
1.793 
503 
1,299 
1,330 
1.221 
1,150 
1.322 
1,504 
Total Unit Shipmenb 
677.183 
945.768 
1.129.492 
1,338131 
1927.778 
1,544.086 
1.447.144 
2213.756 
2.429.587 
2.547.259 
2.916.618 
2.783,406 
2979.363 
In growth 
155% 
39. 
111 
141% 
1.1% 
116% 
254% 
13% 
4.95 
42% 
1.3% 
11% 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
San' Dovnaw Pee, compatv 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110310 
SDNY_GM_00256494 
EFTA01452963

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452964.pdf
----------------------------------------
March 2014 
Wireless Equipment 
Signals to Noise (S2N) 
Regulatory Disclosures 
1. Important Additional Conflict Disclosures 
Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://gm.db.congequities under the 
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
2. Short-Term Trade Ideas 
Deutsche Bank equity research analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas (known as SOLAR ideas) that are 
consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. These trade ideas can be found at the 
SOLAR link at httofiam.db.com.
3. Country-Specific Disclosures 
Australia and New Zealand: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the 
meaning of the Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively. 
Brazil: The views expressed above accurately reflect personal views of the authors about the subject company(ies) and 
its(their) securities, including in relation to Deutsche Bank. The compensation of the equity research analyst(s) is 
indirectly affected by revenues deriving from the business and financial transactions of Deutsche Bank. In cases where 
at least one Brazil based analyst (identified by a phone number starting with +55 country code) has taken part in the 
preparation of this research report, the Brazil based analyst whose name appears first assumes primary responsibility for 
its content from a Brazilian regulatory perspective and for its compliance with CVM Instruction # 483. 
EU 
countries: 
Disclosures 
relating 
to 
our 
obligations 
under 
MiFiD 
can 
found 
at 
htto://www.alobalmarkets.db.comiriskdisclosures.
Japan: Disclosures under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law: Company name - Deutsche Securities Inc. 
Registration number - Registered as a financial instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau 
(Kinship) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, The Financial Futures 
Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association. Commissions and risks involved in stock transactions - for 
stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction amount by the 
commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price fluctuations 
and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating 
agencies in Japan unless "Japan" or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese 
listed companies not written by analysts of Deutsche Securities Inc. (DSI) are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts 
with the coverage companies specified by DSI. 
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Page 24 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110312 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256496 
EFTA01452964

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452965.pdf
----------------------------------------
X0I4 
XOM US S 
94.84 
+1.08 
„. 
ti94.83 /94.84 T 
84 
a At 15:51 
Vol 9,978,142 
94.37K 
H 94.99T 
 L 93.99r, 
944.51M 
ve 
—74 Table 
Line Chart 
BM= INNS 
Cnr
i
5Y 
Max 
Daily 11 
El5t e 
n Even: 
Track 
Annotate 
I• Last Price 
94.83 
T High on 12/27/13 101.51 
- 
-0- Average 
91.5811 
I Low on 10/09/13 85.1# 
,., 
Zoonz 
 102.00 
 100.00 
 98.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110314 
SDNY_GM_00256498 
EFTA01452965

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452966.pdf
----------------------------------------
HCA Holdings (HCA) - Trades avg 3mm shs/day 
"Best in breed" hospital co: strong operating follow-through in 4Q after a positive preannouncement. DB Price target: 558 
(17% implied upside).
HCA lyr Price History 
HCA US 
149.55 49.57 
... 
,-- 15:23 
.01 2.145,962 
- 49 99'. 
,• 50.52 
. 49.45 
107 174;ii 
-- etteve AS 
tirtialons 
. 
vaittrtt , 
Ruble 
ti e Chart 
0:1112:33114801111"  
'-'• 0=- :-ert  -- ' -- ---Ca
- lIIIIMIII" ELS"' 
lY 
.5Y 
Ya>. 
7.40.$ Y 
l
e 
Event 
Track 
.a Annotate 
* 
News 
, Zoom 
• last Price 
49.55 
T High on 03/03/14 51.69 
-4- Average 
42.6682 
J. Low on 07/03/13 35.49 
52.00 
eiga 
48.00 
46.00 
44.00 
42.00 
40.00 
38.00 
36.00 
y III Volume 
2.146N 
MIS15) 
423M 
Mar 
Jun 
2013 
2014 
Comcast (CMCSA) - trades avg 12mm shs/day 
Finalization of TimeWarner Cable acquisition pending. DB price target of $64 (23% implied upside).
CMCSA lyr Price History 
CMCSA US 
i 
..------ 
51.70 51.71 
18 
.
 14:50 
. , 8,421 756 
52.32i  ' 52.37 
L. 51.44   
436.407M 
ea2MaralEt
atit9 Save ,>'i5 
t4 Actions 
• 
m'Edit - 
$1 Table 
tine Chart 
IIILIQIEZEI 
CaLLI:M^ OMNI^ 
'-*- '':I',are 
- 
IIMIIIIIIIII 
CM:a 
Car 
•-•:„ l y 
:ye , • 
Track 
/ Annotate 
" News 
Zoom 
56.00 
54.00 
n. Last Price 
51.70 
I
T High on 02/12/14 55.24 
4- Average 
45.6145 
Low on 06/20/13 38.91 
y• Volume 
8.427M  
L • 
SMAVG (IS) 20.179M1 
Mar 
Jun 
2014 
2013 
• 
iy 
f.YY. 
C 
' /V 
tip. . .
50.00 
48.00 
46.00 
44.00 
42.00 
40.00 
38.00 
50M 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110318 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256502 
EFTA01452966

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452967.pdf
----------------------------------------
link 
XOM US 
c 
' 94 . 84 
'94.83 94. 2r4 
84 
15:S1 
: 9.978.142 
94.37 
94.99 
93.99'. 
' 944.51M 
Save As 
Actions 
• 
fl  Edit • 
911, Table 
tine Chart 
LSI" 
111111111111111 
"Ell" 
tiVC00014. -antra 
, 
9.1x 
• 
M, ser. 
Track ., Annotate 
News 
Zoom 
• Last Price 
I 
94.83 
• 
T High on 12/27/13 101.51 
• 
-4- Average 
91.5811. 
/ Low on 10/09/13 
85.16 ,. 
. . 
Mar 
Jun 
Sep 
2013 
Dec 
2014 
h.. . 
O 
102.00 
100.00 
98.00 
OA AA 
92.00 
90.00 
88.00 
84.00 
7nm 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bark Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile
Emil 
Pcsgicrwirlautionu. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 110320 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256504 
EFTA01452967

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452968.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
Rating 
Buy 
North America 
United States 
Health Care 
Health Care Facilities 
and Services 
(kimi)0117 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
HCA N 
HCA US 
NYS 
Q4 surgery/mix recovering; 2014 / 
ACA outlook conservative 
Reiterate Buy. F ICA's it:sure: demomtrate best in breed 
(14 operating metrics were not given at time of early Jan. +ve pre-anncmt. 
Actual results highlight a recovery in surgical trends, which boosted 
pricing/mix and helped drive solid C14 EBITDA growth (+6.7% YoY) despite 
weaker inpt medical trends and a tough vol comp. HCA provided initial ACA 
guidance, but mgmt may revisit assumptions on key ACA variables mid-year 
given how fluid the roll-out is. For 2014. ACA initially guided -$100M (+1.5%) 
EBITDA benefit underpinned by 7%-9% reduction in uninsured and slight offset 
by pricing/vol impact for exchange mix. Given strong organic growth trends in 
recent Qs, we believe 2014 EBITDA guidance should prove conservative. 
Q4 CC.: tal.oawaytt fret:O1(S uview rn Itcrely of note) 
11) Volume/prbIng metrics: surgery the bigger story. Weak SS inpt admits (-
1.8%) reflect tough comp, lower flu trends and -50 bps from 2-midnight rule. 
Importantly. HCA does not see 2-midnight rule having material financial 
impact. The bigger vol story in O4 (and last 3 Qs) is surgeries; Q4 surg vol 
(+1.4%) and strength in higher-acuity areas (cardio, ortho, neuro) helped drive 
pricing (RPAA) +4.8% YoY. The ratio of inpt surg / inpt admit rose to 30% (from 
-29% avg past 2 yrs) and ratio is 200-300 bps below peak. A sustained 
rebound in surgical mix could be an upside risk to guidance. 
'(2) 2014 guidance assumes 1%-4% EBITDA growth. Underlying assumptions 
(ex. ACA) include 1-2% adj. admit (vol) growth. 2-3% RPAA (pricing) growth 
and flat margins. Given 2H'13 RPAA growth (+4%) and recovery in surg. RPAA 
seems conservative. Guidance assumes adj. vols improve vs. 2013 flat. The 
key headwinds built-into guidance: $120M lower YoY HITECH and $55M 
higher YoY stock comp which impact growth by 300 bps vs. DBe orig est 200 
bps. We believe guidance implies 2%-5% base growth ex headwinds and ACA. 
'(3) ACA commentary: a reasonable starting point. HCA framed ACA impact as 
a L-T positive, but key variables remain very fluid this year including: (I) 
enrollment for exchange and Medicaid; (2) net new lives; (3) networks and plan 
selection of exchange products. HCA assumes 7-9% reduction of uninsured 
(reasonable) but offset somewhat due to leakage and pricing (conservative). 
Updated estimates: modest adjustment:- to reflect HI TECH, slower /AGA ramp 
2014 EBITDA / EPS are $7.056 / $3.92 from $7.1456 / $4.17. We come out 
above guidance (56.606-$6.856 EBITDA / S3.45-$3.75 EPS ) due to underlying 
growth and ACA. Our model now reflects higher S/O, slightly lower HITECH 
benefit, slightly lower ACA ramp but slightly better rate/mix. 
Valuation and risks: PT remains at $58 or 7.5x 2015 EV/EBITDA 
Our target multiple is in-line with group's L-T average of 6.5x-7.5x. Key risks: 
implementation of PPACA, payer mix changes, Medicare/Medicaid cuts. 
no/I -
co
+ 
Year End Dec 31  
2013A 
2014E 
2015E 
N EPS (USD) 
3.42 
3.92 
4.77 
EWEN TDA  
7.2 
7.1 
6.2 
Adiustod EBITDA 
6.574 
7.048 
7.749 
Sow< Oa ssay 64nk egvnarn COMPOIN sea 
Six IWO, h • enpoct of FA$Ifl nqurng the nvon.ong Of mock optee4 
February 2014 
Results 
Price at 3 Feb 2013105131 
48.46 
Price Tartlet 
58.00 
52-week ranee 
51.41 - 35.21 
Oarreu Letirteli 
Research Analyst 
(+11 212 250-2629 
darren.lehrich@db.com 
Nniwklvietn 
Research Associate 
(+11 212 260.3070 
joshua.kalenclerian@db.corn 
Darla pantie. CFA 
Research Associate 
(+11 212 250-6587 
dana.nentin@clb.com 
IPTieoiptice 
mcam 'app. ;roc 
SIP 06)111,EX 0..tbasten 
Performance (%I 
1n1 
3m 
12m 
Absolute 
.0.6 
2.4 
26.8 
S&P 600 INDEX 
awn Cana Sat 
-4.9 
-1.1 
15.1 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should 
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should 
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST 
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA(P) 054/04/2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SONY-0110321 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256505 
EFTA01452968

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452969.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2014 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
Q4'2013 Earnings Review 
Key points 
• 
Solid results despite challenging volume backdrop. Q4 EBITDA was 
previewed earlier in January, so the real news in 04 results was more 
detail on operating metrics and HCA's outlook. In the context of a very 
weak volume environment, HCA's 04 EBITDA growth (+6.7% YoY) is very 
respectable and reflects strong expense management and improving 
pricing/mix. 
• 
We are particularly encouraged by HCA's recent quarterly surgical trends 
(see Figure 3). While 04 same-store inpatient admissions and adjusted 
admissions dipped 1.8% and 1.0% YoY, respectively, HCA's 04 SS 
surgeries improved +1.4% YoY (+1.6% outpatient surgery / +0.9% 
inpatient surgery) and helped drive revenue per adjusted admissions 
(RPAA) pricing growth of +4.8% YoY. This marks the third consecutive 
quarter of improving surgeries, and we believe any sustained trend in 
surgical volume could represent an upside risk to 2014 guidance. DB's 
Hospital Volume survey has picked up recent strength in surgeries, too. 
• 
2014 guidance seems like a reasonable, but conservative starting point. 
HCA guided for EBITDA of $6.6-$6.85 billion (vs. consensus of $6.82 
billion). Guidance reflects SS revenue growth of 3%-5% (vol 1-2% / 
pricing/mix 2-3%), flat margins and -300 bps of EBITDA growth 
headwinds from lower HITECH and higher stock-based comp. ACA adds 
-1.5% to growth (at the mid-point) or -5100M. Organic/base growth 
works out to be -2% to -5% growth adjusting for the headwinds and 
ACA. 
• 
Framework for ACA impact still evolving, with lots of moving parts to 
HCA's key assumptions. HCA's 2014 outlook assumes ACA benefit of I - 
2% of EBITDA (565M-$135M), although it is back-half (03/Q4) weighted. 
HCA said it would re-visit its key assumptions by mid-year at the earliest, 
but its high-level base case is for 7.9% reduction in uninsured, but partially 
offset by declines in pricing/volume from exchange mix. The key variables 
that HCA is tracking for its reform model are: (1) enrollment figures for 
exchanges and Medicaid expansion; (2) the proportion of enrollment that 
is net newly insured; (3) health plan selection (metallic), network design 
and network participation for the exchanges; and (4) out-of-network 
activity. Our sense is that the offsets built into HCA's model could prove 
conservative given the strength of its networks (i.e. less impact from 
narrow network if its access points such as ED are more convenient). 
Given the slow ramp of exchange enrollment in key markets (FL / TX) and 
HCA's lower exposure to Medicaid expansion states, we believe 7-9% 
reduction of uninsured patient mix seems like a reasonable starting point. 
• 
Reiterate Buy rating / $58 price target. We see HCA as a best-in-class 
operator with strong assets, a flexible balance sheet and a good track 
record for opportunistic capital deployment. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
HCA's O4 E8ITOA growth 
(+6.7% YoY) is very 
respectable and reflects 
strong expense management 
and improving priangimix 
We believe any sustained 
trend in surgical volume could 
represent an upside risk to 
2014 guidance 
Adjusting for certain non-
operating headwinds and 
ACA HCA's 2014 guidance 
assumes organic/base growth 
of -2% to -5% growth 
HCA's 2014 outlook assumes 
ACA benefit of 1-2% of 
EBITDA ($65M-$135A41. 
although it is badc-haff 
(O3/O4) weighted 
Page 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0110323 
SDNY_GM_00256507 
EFTA01452969

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0077__EFTA01452970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0077
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01452970.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2014 
Health Care Facilities and Services 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
Figure 1: 4Q13 Earnings Variance table 
HCA Holdings, Inc. 
Quarterly Variance Report 
(8 in MMs) 
4013 Income Statement 
Estimate Consensus 
Actual 
Variance (1) 
Cash revenue 
$8.889 
$8.822 
88.836 
02% 
YoY % growth 
5.4% 
4.6% 
4.8% 
bps 
Adjusted UNICA 
$1.685 
$1 ,647 
51714 
4.1% 
YoY% growth 
4.9% 
2.5% 
6.7% 
418 bps 
HITECH payments 
(60) 
NA 
(50) 
•16.7% 
Diluted EPS. excl. one-time charges 
$0.89 
30.86 
$0.92 
8.0% 
YoY% growth 
-3.0% 
-7.1% 
0.4% 
746 bps 
4013 Margin Analysis 
Estimate Consensus 
Actual 
Variance 
Adjusted E8ITIDA margin 
19.0% 
18.7% 
19.4% 
bps 
Salaries and benefits ratio 
45.7% 
NA 
44.9% 
-84 bps 
Supplies ratio 
17.8% 
NA 
17.7% 
-8 bps 
Other operating expenses ratio 
18.3% 
NA 
18.6% 
bps 
Bad debt ratio 
11.1% 
NA 
11.3% 
bps 
4013 Revenue Metrics 
CC Estimate Consensus 
Actual 
Variance 
SS revenue growth 
3.5% 
NA 
3.8% 
bps 
SS admissions growth 
0.5% 
NA 
-1.8% 
-230 bps 
SS adjusted admissions growth 
1.0% 
NA 
-1.0% 
-200 bps 
SS rev per adjusted admission growth 
2.5% 
NA 
4.8% 
230 bps 
Notes: 
(1). Variance is calculated Actual vs. Consensus. unless Consensus is NA 
San. Onaseft• Brk ...wary mar* Tamen ibLCOIS 
Results review in brief 
Revenue trends 
Q4 revenues were $8.836 billion vs. $8.822 billion / DBe $8.889 billion. O4 
revenue growth was +4.8% yoy, with SS growth +3.8% driven by SS adj. 
admit of -1.0%, SS inpatient admissions -1.8%, and better SS revenue per adj. 
admit of +4.8% yoy (vs. O32013 +3.4%). Pricing growth was driven by acuity 
(+3%) and payor mix. HCA indicated that O4 admissions declines were driven 
primarily by a reduction in pulmonary admissions due to the lighter flu season 
(-9% yoy), and short-stay admissions due to implementation of the two-
midnight rule (Medicare -12% yoy; other payors -4% yoy). Mgt noted that 
Medicare one-day stays accounted for 50 bps of total admissions declines as a 
result of the two-midnight rule. 
Page 4 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110324 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256508 
EFTA01452970
