
--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132808.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com
> 
Date: Sun, 27 Oct 2013 00:27:02 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01132808
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01132809
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01132810

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132811.pdf
----------------------------------------
<jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 27 Oct 2013 02:13:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01132811

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132812.pdf
----------------------------------------
OPRAH WINFREY 
BUSINESS LEADERS 
DEMOCRATIC 
FIGURES 
18% 
Including: 
Barack Obama 9% 
Hillary Clinton 4% 
Bill Clinton 3% 
Other Democratic 
political figures 2% 
REPUBLICAN 
POLITICAL 
FIGURES 
13% 
Including: 
George W. Bush 2% 
Chris Christie 2% 
Mitt Romney 1% 
Sarah Palin 1% 
Rand Paul 1% 
Ron Paul 1% 
Other GOP 5% 
6`?_ 
ACTORS/ACTRESSES 
Including: 
Tom Hanlc; 
CONSERVATIVE 
PUNDITS 
3% 
Including: 
Bill O'Reilly 1% 
Rush Limbaugh 0% 
LIBERAL PUNDITS 
3% 
Including: 
Jon Stewart 1% 
Stephen Colbert 1% 
ELLEN DEGENERES 
'0 
RELIGIOUS FIGURES 
5% 
Including: 
The pope 3% 
Billy Graham 1% 
NEWS PERSONALITIES 
6% 
Including: 
Anderson Cooper 1% 
Brian Williams 1% 
MILITARY LEADERS 
4% 
Including: 
Colin Powell 1% 
NO 0 E 
13% 
23; 
EFTA01132812

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132813.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bcc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Gregory Brown
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 10/27/2013 
Sun, 27 Oct 2013 11:26:07 +0000 
Things_That_Define_the_New_American_Center_Esquire_Magazone_Editors_Novemb 
er —2013.docx; 
—Charts Revealing_America's_Disappearing_Middie_Class_Wall_Street_CheatSheet_10 
i8_2011.docx; 
eonservatives_Misunderstand_What_Went_Wrong_Under_Bush_The_Atlantic_October_17 
,_2013.docx; 
The U.S._B lows_Everyone_Else_Out_Of_The_Water_In_l_Key_Way_Hu ff_Post_10_17_ 
2013.docx; 
Obamacare_Not The First_New_Program_To_Have_Launch_Problems_Arthur_Delany_H 
uff_Post 10_23-201f.docx; 
Most Wlmart tore_Workers_Didn't_Eam_$25,000_Last_Year_Dave_Jamieson_Huff_Pos 
t 10 -23 2013.5ocx; 
FRI§ON-ERS_OF_PROFIT_Chris Kirkham Huff_Post 10 22_2013.docx; 
PRISONERS_OF_PROFIT_Part_i Chris Kirkham_Htiff_Fost 10 23_2013.docx; 
Bank_of America_liablefor_Couniryvvid—e_mortgage_fraud_Nite:Raymond_Reuters_10_2 
2013.ciocx; 
Eric Holder Finally_Gets Tough_On Banksionathan_Weil_Huff Post 10 25_2013.docx; 
JPMorgan_$31.28billioni_n_fnes_and other legal costs since 2009 Huff Post 10_24 2 
013.docx; bordon:Lightfoot_bio.docx 
image.png; image(1).png; image(2).png; image(3).png; image(4).png; image(5).png; 
image(6).png; image(7).png; image(8).png; image(9).png; image(10).png; image(11).png; 
image(12).png; image(13).png; image(14).png; image(15).png; image(16).png; 
image(17).png; image(18).png; image(19).png; image(20).png; image(21).png; 
image(22).png; image(23).png; image(24).png; image(25).png; image(26).png; 
image(27).png; image(28).png; image(29).png; image(30).png; image(31).png; 
image(32).png 
DEAR FRIEND 
Last weekend I had the pleasure of attending a wonderful party in Houston, Texas at the St. Regis 
Hotel celebrating the sixteenth birthday of Rachel and Tamara Coleman, twin daughters of my dear 
friends Mayada and Thomas Coleman. On the flight Saturday morning from Los Angeles to Houston 
I sat next to a young man who turned out to be Justin Nguyen, one of the biggest pop stars in Viet 
Nam. He was articulate, engaging and fun to talk with, so last Sunday I looked forward to meeting and 
speaking with my travel-mate on the return flight, who turned out to be a white man, fifty years older 
than Justin. And as most of you know, I am a political wonk 
so soon after the niceties of 
exchanging names, I asked my seat-mate, what did he think of President Obama. To which he 
immediately replied, "He is a disaster." 
To which I replied, "Why?" And his response, "is because he is a liberal and incompetent." I then ran-
off a litany of the President's actions; expanded the troop surge in Afghanistan, kept Guantanamo Bay 
EFTA01132813
--- PAGE 2 ---
open, gave Wall Street a pass, went after Bin Laden, bombed Libya, etc. His response then was, "yeah, 
but he did Obamacare." I then reminded him that Obamacare was actually the brainchild of The 
Heritage Foundation, a highly regarded Conservative think-tank, which was then enacted by a 
Republican Governor in Massachusetts to huge success and lauded as the blue-print for the rest of 
American 
until President Obama embraced it 
instead of a single-payer national health plan that 
almost every other industrialized country in the world has, including Canada. And having suffered two 
strokes and unable to get health insurance because of pre-existing conditions, I was able to speak 
personally of the obvious benefits of Obamacare, to which he had not coherent response. 
I then asked my seat-mate, what else he disliked about our President. To which he replied, "He's done 
nothing except to make things worse." I then reminded him that on January 20, 2009, the day that 
President Obama assumed office, the country was experiencing a 750,000 a month in job-loss, the 
financial markets were in a free-fall, the major banks were on the verge of collapse, the housing market 
had tanked, the federal debt had ballooned from a $230 billion surplus to $1.1 trillion yearly deficit 
under the eight years of the Bush/Cheney Administration, the country was in two wars without an end 
and the country's international prestige was at an all-time low. And since then we have had 42 straight 
months of job growth, the federal yearly deficit has been cut by more than 25%, the housing market 
has turned around, banks are solvent, our major corporations are making more money than ever, we 
are no longer in the war in Iraq and by years-end the country will have wound down our military 
involvement in Afghanistan to a token assistance, the big-three American automakers have been saved 
and Bin Laden is dead, but most importantly, we have stayed out of wars in Libya, Syria and Iran, 
which Conservative hawks including Richard Pearle, John McCain would have wanted. My coup de 
gras was to then invoke Ronald Regan's re-election slogan, "are we better off now than we were 
four years ago." After that there was no need to beat this dead horse anymore.... 
To move the conversation along, I asked my seat companion after telling him that I would vote for 
Hillary in 2016, who would he support? He immediately answered Marco Rubio, the junior Senator 
from Florida who came to office in January 2011. To which I asked why? He replied, "Because he is a 
doer." To which I asked, "what has he done?" And when he could not come up with one single 
achievement, I knew that I was talking to a lost-soul, so I changed subjects. And then when he told me 
that Global Warming was a hoax perpetuated by liberals, I decided forget thinking of this guy as a 
lost-soul, because he is intellectually illiterate. The problem with that assessment is that my seat 
companion was a Yale educated Psychologist who has traveled extensively internationally and taught 
for more than thirty years at USC in Los Angeles before retiring several years ago. 
I am sharing this story because I am still at a loss to why someone who is highly educated dismisses the 
President and Democrats with the brush of incompetence and ignorance, without being able to 
articulate a rationale. And why someone with a PhD from one of American's foremost universities, still 
denies global warming (and I don't mean man-made global warming) but that the earth is getting 
warmer. When in a study released two months ago by a group of European, Australian and Canadian 
scientists who examined more than 17,00) accredited scientific papers concluded that without a 
doubt, the earth is warming at an alarming rate and within 20 to 3o years if this is not stopped or 
reversed the polar ice caps will have melted to the point that sea levels will rise by more than six feet 
and temperatures by four to seven degrees creating havoc on shorelines and low-lying island nations. 
We are living in a country where even many educated people are so in denial that they are stupid. We 
are living in a country where one political party says no to everything that the other party offers as a 
matter of course. We are living in a country where my 8o year old new-friend could justify opposition 
of Obamacare, but would not give up his own Medicare. We are living in a country where political 
EFTA01132814
--- PAGE 3 ---
leaders who shut down the government for sixteen days, causing untold pain for millions of 
Americans, as well as an estimated $24 billion and credibility around the world, felt comfortable 
saying, "we fought the good fight." Bullshit 
 We have to call these people out. We have to make 
them explain their ignorance and justify their intolerance. And yes, there is "your side, my side and 
the truth." But that doesn't mean that it is somewhere in the middle, since either side can be right, 
therefore like referees, umpires and judges, the media should call the plays for what they are, because 
balance reporting is only accurate when the facts are 
 We have an increasingly dysfunctional culture 
in America and it isn't just in Washington 
 And maybe we have to address it, one person at a 
time.... So the next time you are sitting next to a stranger on a plane, train or bus, engage them, 
because only through a exchange of opinions and ideas will we 
ever see the truth. 
The U.S. Blows Everyone Else Out Of The 
Water In 1 Key Way 
That one way? We're really, really good at creating really, really rich people -- like, $5o million-plus 
rich. Just ignore the fact that our 400 wealthiest people are worth more than the entire bottom half of 
the country combined. And now, the chart: 
igant 5 
Ultra high net worth Individuals 2013: selected countries 
Souse: 
Rawo llta %led MOON Sinks. OW Suw GWal Walm Waft.* ;013 
IWW Was 
Cam 
Cairn 
$WAM 
UMW KnrIcrn 
Japan 
Wren 
Kay 
Canada 
Alai° 
Pusan 
kid 
EPA 
Taiwan 
SP/in 
Turkey 
Kam 
Hag kcrog 
Swam 
■ USD 50m - 100m 
■ USD 703m - 500 m 
USD 500m - 1 bn 
■ >LISD1bn 
500D 
10000 
15000 
20000 
25000 
30000 
35000
45030 
50000 
(via Credit Suisse 's Global Wealth Report 
****** 
Common Breast Cancer Myths 
Debunked 
(That every Man or Women should know.) 
EFTA01132815
--- PAGE 4 ---
In the United States, October is celebrated as Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Pink is the color used 
to symbolize this month, and by now, you've no doubt seen it everywhere: stores, labeled onto your 
favorite products, and even on the jerseys of pro football players. It's both a month-long national 
health campaign and reminder for women to be mindful of early detection. With so much ongoing 
research and coverage on the disease compared to other cancers, you'd think by now certain 
misconceptions would be thoroughly debunked. Yet, many myths remain that often lead people to 
assume something inaccurate about the disease, including these three myths: 
1. Men don't get breast cancer 
While women are 100 times more likely to be diagnosed with breast cancer, men are not exempt. Men 
have breast tissue too, and thus can still develop the disease. To put things in perspective, the lifetime 
risk of getting breast cancer is about 1 in 1,000 men. In 2013 alone, there will be an estimated 2,240 
new cases of invasive breast cancer among men. However, because of the general lack of awareness 
about breast cancer risk in men, some individuals may delay visiting their doctor. As a result, men are 
often diagnosed when the disease is more advanced. 
2. Ethnic groups have a higher risk of being diagnosed 
To clarify, there are actually several variations of this myth. The first variation is that Black and Latino 
women are diagnosed with the disease the most. In truth, white women are more likely to get 
diagnosed, while Black and Latino women are more likely to die from this disease. Conversely, there's 
the myth that Asian women don't have to worry about breast cancer altogether. While diagnoses for 
Asian women is the lowest for any ethnic group, the number of cases has increased 1.2% every year 
since 1988. To get even more specific, Japanese American women have the highest breast cancer rate, 
and the disease is the leading cause of death among Filipino women. 
Statistics do shed light on diagnoses rates among all groups, but taking the necessary health 
precautions is always important. 
3. Young women don't have to worry about the disease 
Like myth number one, statistics help conclude that cases among young women are also considerably 
low. Breast cancer risk increases with age, and only one in eight invasive cancer diagnoses is found in 
women under 45. Yet, more young women who come forward to discuss their experience give this 
message loud and clear: no one is immune from the disease. Anything alarming should be spoken 
about with a physician, even if your age is atypical for certain conditions. 
There are many other myths that circulate around the disease, but these three are perhaps the most 
well-known. Breast Cancer Awareness Month is not simply about celebrating survivors and 
remembering who passed from the disease, but to also remind ourselves of the ongoing research and 
prevention efforts that need support today. While the celebration will round out by November 1 and 
the pink will be put away, what many survivors advocate can be applied year-round: live as healthy a 
lifestyle as possible, and learn to understand your body as each year passes. 
EFTA01132816
--- PAGE 5 ---
Much like Dwight Eisenhower speech concerning the Military Industrial Complex, this week Former 
defense secretary Gates warns against lure of drone warfare — that the seductive power and precision 
of armed drones had led many in the White House and Congress to view war as a "bloodless, painless 
and odorless" affair. "Remarkable advances in precision munitions, sensors, information and 
satellite technology and more can make us overly enamored with the ability of technology to 
transform the traditional laws and limits of war," Gates said in a speech to a group of current and 
former soldiers, according to a copy of his prepared remarks. "A button is pushed in Nevada and 
seconds later a pickup truck explodes in Kandahar." 
The former defense secretary, speaking at the Association of the U.S. Army's annual conference in 
Washington, suggested that the infatuation with technology had led some politicians and defense 
experts to believe that the military's budget can be cut deeply with little harm. He called on 
Republicans and Democrats to put aside partisan fighting to solve the budget crisis and reverse plans 
to reduce defense spending by almost $1 trillion over the next decade. Gates was especially harsh in 
his critique of the political climate, saying that "the biggest threat to U.S. national security is the 
political dysfunction within two square miles of Washington, D.C." "My hope — and it is a faint hope 
— is that the remaining adults in the two political parties will make the compromises necessary to 
put this country's finances back in order, end the sequestration of military dollars, and protect 
military capabilities that are as necessary today as they have been through the last century," he said. 
Gates's remarks were certain to be warmly received in the Army, which faces the deepest cuts of all the 
military services. Leaders in both Congress and the White House have spoken of the need to reduce 
ground troops and shift the focus to Asia, where air and sea power are thought to be more important. 
Too often, Gates said, U.S. defense experts have come to view war as a "kind of video game or action 
movie.... In reality, war is inevitably tragic, inefficient and uncertain." The former defense 
secretary also called on the military to hold on to the hard lessons it had learned during the long 
stretch of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, especially lessons involving how to fight low-tech, guerrilla 
wars. "It is too easy to forget that there are still tens of thousands of soldiers serving in Afghanistan; 
too easy to forget the tremendous sacrifices that led to the security progress of recent years," he said. 
What Gates didn't mention is that wars often lead to unintentional consequences and making military 
conflict, however framed, (i.e. going after terrorist, protecting civilians, helping friendly forces, saving 
democracy, etc.), often create untold misery on local populations, disabling regional balances of power 
and sometimes turns those are being saved into enemies. Although many took Eisenhower seriously in 
1960, those in power didn't listen to the point that the United States has almost bankrupt itself 
financing a military whose budget is larger than the combined defense budgets of the next 13 
countries 
 and it hasn't made us any safer than Japan, Canada, Australia or Brazil. Hopefully the 
powers that be will listen to Gates 
Paraphrasing Malcolm X, in his famous December 4, 1963 speech often called "The Chickens Come 
Home To Roost", -- that the culture of malfeasance by the big banks has come back to them with 
major consequences. Much of this has been ignored because of the headline grabbing government 
shutdown, debt ceiling debacle and ongoing dysfunctionality in government . But this week, Bank of 
America Corp was found liable for fraud over defective mortgages sold by its Countrywide unit, a 
major win for the U.S. government in one of the few trials stemming from the financial crisis. After a 
EFTA01132817
--- PAGE 6 ---
four-week trial, a federal jury in New York found the bank liable on one civil fraud charge. 
Countrywide originated shoddy home loans in a process called "Hustle" and sold them to government 
mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the government said. And any penalty would add to 
the more than $40 billion Bank of America has spent on disputes stemming from the 2008 financial 
crisis. 
Coupled with this is that JPMorgan, the nation's largest bank, was recently exposed to be liable for 
$31.28 billion in fines and other legal costs since 2009 as result of its illegal practices. JPMorgan 
spokesman points to the bank's regulatory filings, in which it periodically tells investors how much 
money it sets aside for legal costs. The bank earlier this month said it had $23 billion in reserves for 
such costs. The spokesman also pointed to CEO Jamie Dimon's annual letters to investors, in which 
Dimon discusses the pros and cons of being ginormous. The pros obviously include being able to 
digest $31 billion in legal costs with hardly any discomfort. 
If you get all your news from the financial press, you might have the mistaken idea that these legal 
costs are the petty punishments of a government that hates success and redistributes wealth. Jon 
Stewart on Wednesday documented the spectacle of Jim Cramer, Maria Bartiromo, Charlie Gasparino 
and other JPMorgan apologists in financial news rushing to the bank's defense. Another member of 
JPMorgan's PR team, America's cuddliest capitalist, Warren Buffett, has also moaned this week about 
the shoddy treatment of JPMorgan and its sainted CEO. As Stewart eloquently put it, "F*ck all }'all." 
It is obvious that JPMorgan is getting a sweet deal in paying only $13 billion (maybe $9 billion after 
tax breaks) to close the books on those alleged mortgage mis-sales, even if many of them were allegedly 
mis-sold by Bear Steams and Washington Mutual, which JPMorgan bought during the financial crisis. 
JPMorgan knew the risks it was taking when it bought those companies, and has made way more cash 
from them than it is paying in fines. And, yes, $30 billion is a lot of money. But that $3o billion is just 
the cost of doing business for JPMorgan, which has netted about $82 billion in profit since 2009. That 
figure includes the bank's $400 million loss in the third quarter, the one time the bank's legal 
headaches finally hurt its bottom line. The bank's stock price is near an all-time high, proving just how 
much damage these costs are doing -- by which we mean none. 
At the time when politicians in Washington are demanding that people be fired for the Affordable 
Healthcare website debacle, few are calling for the firing of JP Morgan's Chairman, Jamie Dimon. But 
as ProPublica's Jesse Eisinger points out, Dimon's job is probably safe. Nobody at the bank is calling 
for his head, and if Lloyd Blankfein can survive the whole "Vampire Squid" era at Goldman Sachs, 
then Dimon can probably survive this. Obviously, firing Dimon and others would send a useful 
message, but it will probably not keep the bank out of trouble. Because, when you've got a global outfit 
with $2.4 trillion in assets, populated by bankers incentivized to take risks and push regulatory 
envelopes t o keep turning profits, you're going to break rules. The bigger the bank, the more rules get 
broken. So the problem is not so much Dimon, but the fact that the bank is simply too big to fail 
and/or jail. A mere $3o billion in fines is plainly not enough to change the bank's course significantly. 
Getting it to admit wrongdoing, as the Securities and Exchange Commission has admirably done, 
won't change much, either. Prosecuting the bank for crimes might make a difference, but it is doubtful 
the Justice Department is going to take that risk. 
If there's a silver lining, it's that the $3o billion in legal costs, along with JPMorgan's sinking 
reputation, have at least pushed the bank to keep a closer eye on its bankers and their rule compliance 
-- at least for the moment, while we're all paying attention. The bank is also dumping some 
EFTA01132818
--- PAGE 7 ---
businesses, including commodities warehOuSing and private equity, partly to avoid niore regulatory 
stinkeye. That is helping keep it from getting any bigger, at the very least. So, there's that. But the 
good news is that Attorney General Eric Holder is finally getting tough on these too-big-to-fail banks. 
And that these Masters of Universe are mere mortals, whose culture of "greed is good" is as bogus as 
believing that these same captains of finance are job generators, when in truth many are greedy little 
bastards only interested in their own self-interest. 
I don't want to paint everyone on Wall Street with the same brush, because I believe that those who 
create or work hard should definitely be reward. But the fact that JP Morgan, BofA and the other 
financial intuitions who were caught perpetuating hundreds of thousands if not millions of illegal acts, 
and only a handful of people go to jail, is a travesty. To change this culture, we need to treat these 
organizations like prosecutors treat drug dealers and Mafia kingpins 
 with RICO which would allow 
government seizure of the assets of individuals involved as well as the kingpins, thus making these 
titans on Wall Street think twice when they go into the gray areas of business. 
A big story like the recent government shutdown and debt ceiling debacle tends to push things that 
often matter off the front pages and TV. Here is just one that got almost no attention. A survey out 
last week showed that nearly half the students in the nation's public schools, 48% come 
from families so poor that they qualify for free or reduced priced meals. And even 
more disgraceful is that a majority of students now gual(fy for food subsidies in 17 
states across the South and West. And echoing Bob Shaffer the moderator on CBS's FACE 
THE NATION, Sunday morning news program said last week, "I like to see our elected officials focus 
on how we can fix things like that 
Because I losing interest on who wins the partisan games." 
THIS WEEK's READINGS 
I love history, even though much of it is rewritten by the winners but occasionally you can see what 
works and what doesn't because history often repeats itself. Over the centuries we have seen that there 
is a tipping point when there is too much economic inequality, with people revolting over-throwing 
their leadership. Ask the royal families in Russia, France, China and the Middle East. You can also 
look at Ben Ali in Tunisia, Batista in Cuba and the Shah of Iran. And although I am starting this 
section by using economic inequality, this piece is actually about the Affordable Healthcare Act, aka, 
"0bamacare," which The Washington Post said last week, is now owned totally by Democrats as well 
as the President. And yes without a doubt the website problems that have plagued the roll-out of 
EFTA01132819
--- PAGE 8 ---
President Barack Obama's signature health care reform law, has become fodder for late night 
television comics and Republican talking heads, as my father use to say, "it doesn't matter where you 
start as long as you end well." 
Please feel free to view the video Web Link: 
http://www.huffingtopost.com/20 I 3/10/23/obamacare-problems_n_4148466.html 
As Arthur Delaney pointed out in The Huffington Post last week in his article — Obamacare Not 
The First New Program To Have Launch Problems - Big problems are not unusual for big, 
new programs. The technology involved may be different, but previous expansions of the safety net 
have all suffered glitches. Even Social Security, the first and arguably the most successful federal social 
program, faced serious challenges before the first monthly retirement checks went out in 1940. 'There 
was a lot of doubt about whether it was the right thing to do and whether they could do it," Edward 
Berkowitz, a history professor at George Washington University, said in an interview . "They somehow 
managed to solve the technical problem." It wasn't easy. After Congress passed the Social Security 
Act in 1935, a nascent Social Security Board faced a daunting task: enrolling 26 million industrial 
workers in less than a year, and another 2.5 million each year after that. One major problem: A lot of 
people had the same name. "There were, according to board calculations, hundreds of thousands of 
workers with the surnames Smith, Jones, Brown, Miller, and dozens of other common family names, 
all of whose records would have to be kept straight, their wage histories following them through all 
geographical and job moves," Nancy Altman, co-director of advocacy group Social Security Works, 
wrote in her 2005 book The Battle for Social Security. 
They had no computers, and no precedent for creating such a system. Board Chairman Arthur 
Altmeyer brought in management expert Harry Hoff, who studied the problem for months before 
delivering the sad news that it would not be possible. "He recommended that the board notify 
Congress that the government could not run the Social Security program, after all," Altman wrote. 
Meanwhile, Alf Landon, the Republican nominee for president in 1936, that year called the program a 
"cruel hoax" and a "fraud on the workingman" that could never live up to its own promises. The Social 
Security Board told Hoff to get back to work, and after several more months they devised a numerical 
system in which the first three digits of enrollees' identification numbers corresponded to their 
location. But how to reach the workers? he board turned to the postal system and its 45,00o offices 
around the country. "Letter carriers delivered applications for numbers, helped people fill out the 
forms, answered questions about the program, returned the forms to typing centers where the cards 
could be produced, delivered the cards to the workers, and transmitted the applications of workers 
together with their newly-assigned Social Security numbers to [headquarters inJ Baltimore," Altman 
wrote. "By June 3o, 1937, the index of workers covered over an acre of floor space and contained 
what had now grown to about 30 million workers' names and numbers," Altman wrote. "It was so 
efficient, that, despite its size, a clerk could locate an individual's name and number literally in 
seconds." 
Though Social Security currently faces a financing shortfall that could lead policymakers to trim 
benefits, the Obama administration would be jubilant if health care reform left a similar legacy. Social 
Security's supporters today describe it as one of the most successful social programs in the world. The 
problems the administration is encountering in getting Obamacare off the ground are inherently 
different than what FDR encountered in the 1930s. Technologically, the construction of online 
exchanges is more complex. Moreover, the Affordable Care Act has a shorter lag time between when 
people sign up and eventually receive benefits -- just a few months. The bumpy rollout of the federal 
Supplemental Security Income program in the early 197os might be the closest parallel for what could 
go wrong with Obamacare. In 1974, officials estimated 7.2 million would be eligible for the new 
initiative, which absorbed state welfare programs. But by 1976, only 4.3 million had signed up. (Today 
the program covers 8.3 million.) 
EFTA01132820
--- PAGE 9 ---
The Social Security Administration had developed a new data acquisition system to transmit 
information about beneficiaries and claims between headquarters and various field offices. But 
officials said the system received more queries per day than expected. "Also, due to computer or 
power failures, the response system could not provide timely replies," the Government Accountability 
Office (then known as the General Accounting Office) said in a 1976 report. "This hindered district 
office employees from completing their work promptly and imposed a longer wait on SSI 
applicants." Sound familiar? Berkowitz and fellow historian Larry DeWitt, who have co-authored a 
book on the SSI program, said in interviews that technology was key to the program's bad start. "It 
was a disaster," Berkowitz said. "Maybe one of the morals is that high-tech stuff can fail." 
Without a doubt, it appears that the Obamacare website roll-out has been a disaster but this can and 
will be fixed. But we shouldn't throw the baby out with the bathwater. The United States is the only 
industrialized country on the planet that doesn't have a national healthcare system or access to 
affordable healthcare for its citizens. It would be unthinkable for America to not offer free K through 
education to every American. Hopefully one day the thought that every American might not have 
access to world-class healthcare will be unthinkable. And like Social Security, which started out 
without computers, using file cards, ledgers, tens of thousands of clerks and miles of filing cabinet 
which has grown into one of the most successful government programs ever, it is easy to see blue skies 
in the future of Obamacare. Summarizing this piece, I urge my fellow Democrats, as well as 
Republicans and Independents to do whatever they can to make access to affordable healthcare 
another example of American success. 
Last week I ran across an interesting article by Conor Friedersdorf, who is a staff writer at The 
Atlantic titled - Conservatives Misunderstand What Went Wrong Under Bush, because as 
he points out that you would swear from today's rhetoric that the problem was too much compromise, 
when the truth is actually the opposite. The Tea Party which is composed largely of Republicans, 
supported George W. Bush when he was the GOP standard-bearer, voting for him twice and criticizing 
him far less frequently than they defended him, only to rebel against his record at the end of his second 
term. At that point, partisan loyalty and shared hatred of liberals finally gave way to the realization 
that the GOP's time in power was a disaster for conservatives. 
EFTA01132821
--- PAGE 10 ---
Friedersdorf points out that humans seldom look inward when assigning blame for bygone disasters, 
and the story conservatives have settled on seems to be that establishment Republicans have long been 
selling them out by failing to fight hard enough. As a Fox News commentator put it, echoing talking 
points used by many hardliners, "I'm sure we will hear establishment apologists calling the events of 
recent days a compromise. But seeing how the president refused to compromise, it's more likely the 
Grand Old Party was the only one bending. Establishment Republicans always talk about doing the 
right thing for the nation, no matter the price. But when push comes to shove, they always throw in 
the towel." 
What ought to be evident, when Tea Partiers reflect on what they disliked about the Bush years, is that 
neither insufficient fight nor excessive compromise was the problem. The Iraq War, the most 
disastrous, budget-busting initiative of the aughts, occurred when the GOP establishment fought for 
war and didn't give up. The K Street Project involved neither capitulation nor compromising with 
Democrats. And conservatives were pleased when the establishment "threw in the towel" on 
immigration reform and the Harriet Miers nomination. 
Many in the Tea Party seem to have conflated compromising one's principles, a bad thing, with 
negotiating to reach agreements that make both sides better off. The latter kind of compromise is the 
only way American government can function when power is divided. There is no logical reason that it 
should be regarded by conservatives as a dirty word—the Bush years weren't bad for conservatives 
because of negotiated deals that gave both sides some of what they wanted. 
Pretending that compromise is what went wrong during the Bush years helps conservatives evade 
responsibility for supporting an agenda many parts of which they find indefensible in hindsight. It 
permits them to blame Democrats and establishment Republicans for events they themselves only 
rebelled against after the fact, and to delude themselves into thinking that everything will get better if 
only they vehemently insist on getting their way, sans compromise, all of the time. 
Who wouldn't want to believe that's all success takes? It's a pretty lie that talk-radio hosts find it easy 
to tell over and over again, despite contrary evidence, because conservatives want to believe that it's 
true. Reality is much harder to face. In order to mount a comeback and wield influence in American 
politics, conservatives need to face their own flaws, negotiate savvy compromises with President 
Obama and Democrats, build credibility and momentum with small gains in the short term, persuade 
people of their ideas and governing vision in the medium term, and implement their agenda by 
winning elections rather than brinkmanship. But hard truths don't attract a large enough audience to 
sustain a radio show. 
Charts Revealing America's Disappearing Middle Class 
The Great Recession technically ended more than four years ago after the U.S. gross domestic product 
rebounded from the trough of the credit meltdown. However, high unemployment, stagnant wages, 
and government policy continue to weigh on living standards and economic confidence. 
In its most recent reading, Gallup's Standard Living Index plunged 8 points over the past month to 
reach 31, the lowest level since January. The index is a summary of whether Americans are satisfied 
with their current standard of living and perceive it as getting better or worse. The sharp move lower 
came as Congress created another political soap opera involving the nation's debt ceiling and budget. 
In comparison, the index reached an all-time high of 45 in May. 
"The recent decline echoes sentiments seen in Americans' broader attitudes about the U.S. economy, 
although the magnitude in the decline in the Standard of Living Index is not as great,"Gallup said. 
"Gallup's Economic Confidence Index faltered during the run-up to the government shutdown in late 
September, and has fallen further in October since the shutdown began, for a total decline of 24 
points since mid-September." 
Here's a look at three charts from the Center for American Progress Action Fund detailing the slide in 
living standards for the middle class: 
EFTA01132822
--- PAGE 11 ---
$60.000 
1 
$55,000 
$50,000 
$45,000  
$40,000 
555,627 
_Thr
IQ 
$51,017 
1998 
1999 
2000 
2001 2002 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 2007 
2008 
2009 2010 
2011 
2012 
US. Census BlIreau:Table H-6. Regions by Median and Mean Incomeavailable 
at Mtp://wAvvixensus,uov/hhes/www/Incomeklalailusioncalihousehold/index.html. 
Median Household Income 
According to a recent report from the U.S. Census Bureau, millions of households are struggling in the 
wake of the financial crisis. Real median household income in 2O12 totaled $51,017, down slightly from 
$51,100 in 2O11. Incomes have been in a steady decline for the past five years, and remain 8.3 percent 
below 2007 levels, the year before the nation entered the worst financial downturn since the Great 
Depression. Between 2OO1 and 2007, incomes only grew by 1.6 percent. 
Lowest fifth 
Second fifth 
Third fifth 
Fourth fifth 
Highest fifth 
Top 5 percent 
-0.8% 
•1.2% 
-1.2% 
-12% 
2% 
5.2% 
Source: U.S. Census Bureau, "Table H-3. Mean Household income Received by Each Fifth and Top S Percent' available 
at Mtp://www.census.gov/hhes/www/income/datafhistoricalihouseholdfindex.htmL 
Income Gains 
Since the end of the Great Recession in June 2009, the majority of American households have seen 
their average annual incomes decline. The average incomes of the top 5 percent grew by 5.2 percent, 
but families in the middle class experienced a decline of 1.2 percent. 
EFTA01132823
--- PAGE 12 ---
g 
fN 
Q 
r. 
ou 
co 
ON 
ON 
ON 
to 
co 
ot 
Sources: U.S. Census Bureau, lable 
Shale of Aggiegate Income Received by Each Fifth and Top 5 Percent of Households.' 
available at httpiAmmv.censusgovihhesnwnoncome/datathIstoricalihouseholdilndex.html. 
Share of Income 
O 
iN 
4N 
4,1 
With stagnant incomes for many, but rising incomes for the wealthiest 5 percent, the share of national 
income earned by the middle 60 percent of households has been in a dear downtrend for decades. In 
2012, the middle class received 45.7 percent of national income, down sharply from 53.2 percent in 
1968. 
As Adam Grant wrote this week in The Huffmgton Post - Does Studying Economics Breed 
Greed? - He starts the article with Adam Smith's 1976 quote: "It is not from the benevolence of the 
butcher, the brewer, or the baker, that we can expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own 
interest." Economists have run with this insight for hundreds of years, and some experts think they've 
run a bit too far. Robert Frank, an economist at Cornell, believes that his profession is squashing 
cooperation and generosity. And he believes he has the evidence to prove it. Consider these data 
points: 
Less charitable giving: in the U.S., economics professors gave less money to charity than 
professors in other fields -- including history, philosophy, education, psychology, sociology, 
anthropology, literature, physics, chemistry, and biology. More than twice as many economics 
professors gave zero dollars to charity than professors from the other fields. 
More deception for personal gain: economics students in Germany were more likely than 
students from other majors to recommend an overpriced plumber when they were paid to do it. 
Greater acceptance of greed: Economics majors and students who had taken at least three 
economics courses were more likely than their peers to rate greed as "generally good," "correct," and 
"moral." 
EFTA01132824
--- PAGE 13 ---
Less concern for fairness: Students were given $10 and had to make a proposal about how to 
divide the money with a peer. If the peer accepted, they had a deal, but if the peer declined, both sides 
got nothing. On average, economics students proposed to keep 13 percent more money for themselves 
than students from other majors. 
In another experiment, students received money, and could either keep it or donate it to the common 
pool, where it would be multiplied and divided equally between all participants. On average, students 
contributed 49 percent of their money, but economics students contributed only 20 percent. When 
asked what a 'fair" contribution was, the non-economists were clear: too percent of them said "half or 
more" (a full 25 percent said "all"). The economists struggled with this question. Over a third of them 
refused to answer it or gave unintelligible responses. The researchers wrote that the "meaning of 
fairness'... was somewhat alien for this group." 
But the truth could be that students who already believe in self-interest are drawn to economics. There 
is evidence for selection. In a study of over 28,000 students in Switzerland, 62 percent of economics 
students gave money at least once to help students in need, compared with 69 percent of non-
economics students. These differences were already present before the students took a single 
economics course: students with lower giving rates were drawn to economics. As freshmen, before 
their first lectures, 71 percent of the students who chose economics contributed, compared with 75 
percent of non-economists. 
But this doesn't rule out the possibility that studying economics pushes people further toward the 
selfish extreme. Along with directly learning about self-interest in the classroom, because selfish 
people are attracted to economics, students end up surrounded by people who believe in and act on the 
principle of self-interest. Extensive research shows that when people gather in groups, they develop 
even more extreme beliefs than where they started. Social psychologists call this group polarization. 
By spending time with like-minded people, economics students may become convinced that 
selfishness is widespread and rational -- or at least that giving is rare and foolish. 
To figure out whether economics education can shift people in the selfish direction, we need to track 
beliefs and behaviors over time -- or randomly assign them to economics exposure. Here's what the 
evidence shows: 
1. Altruistic Values Drop Among Economics Majors 
At the very beginning of their freshman year, Israeli college students who planned to study economics 
rated helpfulness, honesty, loyalty, and responsibility as just as important as students who were 
studying communications, political science, and sociology. But third-year economics students rated 
these values as significantly less important than first-year economics students. 
2. Economics Students Stay Selfish, Even Though Their Peers Become More 
Cooperative 
EFTA01132825
--- PAGE 14 ---
When faced with choices between cooperating and defecting, overall, 6o percent of economics majors 
defected, compared with only 39 percent of non-economics majors. For non-economists, 54 percent of 
freshmen and sophomores defected, while only 40 percent of juniors and seniors did. The economists, 
on the other hand, did not decrease in defection significantly over time. Roughly 70 percent defected 
across the board. Non-economists became less selfish as they matured; economists didn't. 
3. After Taking Economics, Students Become More Selfish and Expect Worse of Others 
Frank and his colleagues studied college students in astronomy, economic game theory, and economic 
development classes. Self-interest was a fundamental assumption in the game theory class, but had 
little role in the economic development class. In all three classes, students answered questions about 
benefiting from a billing error where they received ten computers but only paid for nine and finding a 
lost envelope with Sm. They reported how likely they would be to report the billing error and return 
the envelope, and predicted the odds that other people would do the same. 
When the students answered these questions in September at the start of the semester, the estimates 
were similar across the three classes. When they answered the questions again in December at the end 
of the semester, Frank's team tracked how many students decreased their estimates. After taking the 
game theory course, students came to expect more selfish behavior from others, and they became less 
willing to report the error and return the envelope themselves. "The pernicious effects of the self-
interest theory have been most disturbing," Frank writes in Passions Within Reason. "By 
encouraging us to expect the worst in others it brings out the worst in us: dreading the role of the 
chump, we are often loath to heed our nobler instincts." 
4. Just Thinking about Economics Can Make Us Less Caring 
Exposure to economic words might be enough to inhibit compassion and concern for others, even 
among experienced executives. In one experiment, Andy Molinsky, Joshua Margolis, and I recruited 
presidents, CEOs, partners, VPs, directors, and managers who supervised an average of 140 
employees. We randomly assigned them to unscramble 3o sentences, with either neutral phrases like 
[green tree was a] or economic words like [continues economy growing our]. 
Then, the executives wrote letters conveying bad news to an employee who was transferred to an 
undesirable city and disciplining a highly competent employee for being late to meetings because she 
lacked a car. Independent coders rated their letters for compassion. 
Executives who unscrambled sentences with economic words expressed significantly less compassion. 
There were two factors at play: empathy and unprofessionalism. After thinking about economics, 
executives felt less empathy -- and even when they did empathize, they worried that expressing 
concern and offering help would be inappropriate. 
Changing Economics and Business Education 
EFTA01132826
--- PAGE 15 ---
As a business school professor, these effects worry me. Economics is taught widely in business schools, 
providing a foundation for courses in management, finance, and accounting. Business is now the most 
popular undergraduate major in the U.S., and ifs growing in market share. From 1997-1998 to 2007-
2008, the number of bachelor's degrees conferred in the U.S. grew by 32 percent. In the same time 
period, the number of business degrees grew by roughly 45 percent. It's true at the graduate level, too: 
business degrees are right behind education as the most common graduate degrees conferred in the 
U.S. 
Business economics may be more devastating than other brands. When comparing students in political 
economics and business economics, economists found that "the willingness to contribute decreases 
dramatically for business students." This may be why the late Stanford professor Hal Leavitt lamented 
that business education distorts students into "critters with lopsided brains, icy hearts, and shrunken 
souls." 
If economics can discourage prosocial behavior, what should we do about it? I'm not suggesting that 
we stop teaching economics. An understanding of economics has vital importance to individuals and 
society. Instead, I recommend three steps for reducing the odds that economics will corrupt students: 
(a) 
Require economics majors to take courses in behavioral economics, which considers the role of 
"social preferences" like fairness, altruism, cooperation, and even being rationally altruistic. 
(2) 
Require economics majors to take breadth courses in social sciences like biological 
anthropology, sociology, and psychology, which place substantial emphasis on how people are 
concerned about others, not only themselves. 
(3) 
Within economics courses, do a better job defining the principle of self-interest around utility, 
which involves anything a person values -- including helping others. This might mean covering 
evidence that natural selection can favor unselfish behavior, and that pure selfishness is less common 
than being "groupish" (willing to put group interests ahead of their own personal interests) and 
"otherish" (often motivated to help others and themselves at the same time). 
Until then, we may be dooming students and society to a fate foreshadowed by Nobel Prize-winning 
economist and philosopher Amartya Sen. Calling economists "rational fools," Sen observed: "The 
purely economic man is indeed close to being a social moron." 
EFTA01132827
--- PAGE 16 ---
As they seek to boost the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $io.io per hour, House Democrats 
joined a group of Walmart employees on Capitol Hill Wednesday to criticize the world's largest retailer 
over its pay and scheduling practices, arguing that its low wages steer workers toward public assistance 
programs. The group representing the workers, OUR Walmart, took the opportunity to publicize 
figures shared by Walmart U.S. CEO Bill Simon, at a Goldman Sachs retail industry conference last 
month. According to Simon's presentation, under the heading "Great job opportunities," he noted 
that more than 475,00o Walmart associates earned a salary over $25,000 last year. Using Walmart's 
statistic of 1.3 million U.S. associates, OUR Walmart members said that would leave 825,000 
workers -- or nearly two-thirds -- who earned less than $25,000 for the year. 
But ICory Lundberg, a Walmart spokesman, said they were misreading Simon's figure. Simon's allusion 
to the 475,000 associates pertained solely to store workers, Lundberg said, while the workforce of 1.3 
million includes Walmart employees of all stripes, including truck drivers throughout the country and 
executives at corporate headquarters in Bentonville, Ark. The more relevant number would be 
Walmart's roughly one million store workers, Lundberg said. Using the 475,000 figure, that would 
mean a little less than half of them earned at least $25,000 last year. "And for those folks that aren't 
earning that much, there's unparalleled opportunity to do that," Lundberg said. 
Whether it's two-thirds or one-half probably wouldn't mean much to the company's critics assembled 
on Wednesday, including Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.), ranking member of the House Committee on 
Education and the Workforce. Miller's office released a report earlier this year extrapolating that a 
single Walmart in Wisconsin could account for $900,000 in public assistance for the working poor; 
Walmart blasted the report as being based on "unrealistic scenarios." "There are only two places that 
workers get their income -- they either get it from their employer, or they get it from the taxpayer, in 
the form of public assistance. That's basic economics," said Miller, who was joined by Reps. Jan 
Schakowsky (D-Ill.) and Grace Napolitano (D-Calif). "A decent wage is (the workers') demand. 
A fair wage. A livable wage. I think Americans understand the power of their case. 
They understand it when they walk into a Willman." 
OUR Walmart is backed by the United Food and Commercial Workers union, and the statistic on 
workers earning $25,000 a year will serve as a new arrow in the labor group's quiver as they pressure 
Walmart to boost its wage floor. Given what's already public, the number shouldn't be shocking. 
According to Walmart's website, the average wage for a full-time store worker is $12.83 per hour, 
which translates into a salary of about $27,000 per year. Since the workforce in that statistic includes 
EFTA01132828
--- PAGE 17 ---
some store managers and leaves out all of the retailer's part-time employees, it stands to reason that 
most of Walmart's store workers would be earning under $25,000 per year. 
As HuffPost has reported before, Walmart's exclusion of part-time workers in its public wage data 
likely skews the average upward. The company says a "majority" of its workers are full-time but it does 
not disclose exactly how many, making a true average wage unknowable. The site Glassdoor.com, 
which is based on employee reviews of companies, pegs the average sales associate pay at $8.86 per 
hour, or a salary of $17,841. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median pay for retail sales 
people at large in the U.S. economy was $20,990 in 2010, or $10.09 per hour. 
Anthony Goytia, a Walmart store worker in California who spoke on Capitol Hill Wednesday, said he 
earns $9.60 per hour after working a year for the company. Given his hours, Goytia said he's on a 
schedule to earn about $12,000 this year. He said his family relies "off and on" upon food stamps, as 
well as their state-run health insurance program for the poor, and he's gone so far as to donate blood 
plasma and volunteer in clinical trials to make ends meet. "No one who works at the world's 
largest private employer should have to rely on food stamps," Goytia said. "I make so 
little at Walmart I'm forced to get payday loans to pay my rent." Please feel free to read 
Dave Jamieson's article - Most Walmart Store Workers Didn't Earn $25,000 Last Year - in 
The Washington Post because the fact that the largest employer in the country is not paying its 
workers a living wage, should be an affront to every American and another example of why the US 
economic recovery is so anemic because in a consumer driven economy, people who don't make 
enough money can't buy. 
****** 
• Phoenix 
Chicago • 
Phlacle:phia • 
as 
9.
• 
:
era
MemPr,
It
Manta
IIIP 
IS 
e
l
l
*
F 
• 
ek
i 
New 
Orleans 
. Mien 
Like many things the people who need it most are the last to receive, and another example of this are 
the benefits of the Affordable Healthcare Act, as evidence is emerging that one of the program's loftiest 
goals — to encourage competition among insurers in an effort to keep costs low — is falling short for 
many rural Americans. While competition is intense in many populous regions, rural areas and small 
towns have far fewer carriers offering plans in the law's online exchanges. Those places, many of them 
poor, are being asked to choose from some of the highest-priced plans in the 34 states where the 
federal government is running the health insurance marketplaces, a review by The New York Times 
has found. Of the roughly 2,500 counties served by the federal exchanges, more than half, or 58 
percent, have plans offered by just one or two insurance carriers, according to an analysis by The 
Times of county-level data provided by the Department of Health and Human Services. In about 530 
counties, only a single insurer is participating. 
The analysis suggests that the ambitions of the Affordable Care Act to increase competition have 
unfolded unevenly, at least in the early going, and have not addressed many of the factors that 
contribute to high prices. Insurance companies are reluctant to enter challenging new markets, experts 
say, because medical costs are high, dominant insurers are difficult to unseat, and powerful hospital 
systems resist efforts to lower rates. "There's nothing in the structure of the Affordable Care Act 
which really deals with that problem," said John Holahan, a fellow at the Urban Institute, who noted 
EFTA01132829
--- PAGE 18 ---
that many factors determine costs in a given market. "I think that all else being equal, premiums will 
clearly be higher when there's not that competition." 
The Obama administration has said 95 percent of Americans live in areas where there are at least two 
insurers in the exchanges. But many experts say two might not be enough to create competition that 
would help lower prices. For example, in Wyoming, two insurers are offering plans at prices that are 
higher than in neighboring Montana, where a third carrier is seen as a factor in keeping prices lower. 
It is unclear how the online marketplaces might evolve over time. Many large insurers are closely 
watching what happens in the first year to decide whether to more aggressively pursue new markets. 
In the meantime, problems with the healthcare.gov Web site are making it harder for them to know 
whether the exchanges' slow start is the result of technical difficulties or more serious underlying 
problems, such as a lack of consumer demand that would discourage them from entering. 
In some cases, competition varies markedly across county lines. In Monroe County, Ma., which 
includes the Florida Keys, two insurers, Cigna and Florida Blue, offer plans on the federal exchanges. 
In neighboring Miami-Dade County, there are seven companies, including Aetna and Humana, two of 
the nation's largest players. While in rural Baker County, Ga., where there is only one insurer, a 50-
year-old shopping for a silver plan would pay at least $644.05 before federal subsidies. (Plans range in 
price and levels of coverage from bronze to platinum, with silver a middle option.) A so-year-old in 
Atlanta, where there are four carriers, could pay $320.06 for a comparable plan. Federal subsidies 
could significantly reduce monthly premiums for people with low incomes. 
Counties with one carrier are mostly concentrated in the South. Nearly all of the counties in 
Mississippi and Alabama, for example, are served by just one insurer, according to The Times's 
analysis. Other states with scarce competition include Maine, West Virginia, North Carolina and 
Alaska. "The consumer wants some level of choke,"said Alexander K. Feldvebel, the deputy insurance 
commissioner for New Hampshire, where one carrier, Anthem Blue Cross, owned by WellPoint, now 
offers plans. "You don't have that when you have a single carrier offering all the products." 
The Times examined carriers and prices on the federal exchanges for the second-cheapest silver plan, 
the level on which subsidies are based, available to a so-year-old. Comparable data for state-run plans 
was unavailable. The Obama administration, while not disputing the findings, responded to the 
analysis in a statement that the marketplaces "allow insurers to compete for customers based on price 
and quality." It added that the tax-credit subsidies that will lower monthly payments for many 
consumers had also "brought more companies to the market, resulting in increased options for 
consumers and lower-than-expected premiums." Insurance executives say they set their rates without 
knowing what other insurers were doing. 
Although critics may suggest that his is due to structural deficiencies, the truth is before the passage of 
the Affordable Healthcare Act, in many rural communities and states dominated by rural 
communities, the existing insurance marketplace was often dominated by a single insurer and today 
this insurer has to accept people with pre-existing conditions and are no longer able to cancel people's 
policies because of a cap or other reason. The Affordable Care Act, which was passed in 2010, was 
designed to make health insurance available to people who had not been able to afford it or had been 
denied coverage because of pre-existing conditions. It has transformed the market for individual 
insurance by creating marketplaces aimed at making it easier for consumers to compare their options. 
The law also sought to level the playing field for new insurers. 
One of the problems is that in rural regions, several factors combine to create a landscape that is 
inhospitable to newcomers. Developing relationships with doctors and hospitals can be costly where 
cities and towns are widely scattered and the pool of potential customers is small. In states like 
Wyoming, with a population of less than 600,000, insurers simply don't find the potential market 
attractive. On top of this, in states such as North Caroline, Florida and Texas where the governors 
have declared war against Obamacare, in many subtle ways they are doing whatever they can to 
undermine its success, often hurting those who need it most. 
Again, from its strongest supporters to the President himself, all will agree that the Affordable 
Healthcare Act is far from perfect 
 But at least it is a positive step in the right direction 
 And if 
we really want to help rural America, where many are currently lacking access to affordable healthcare, 
EFTA01132830
--- PAGE 19 ---
it should be a priority of every American, especially our politicians, to make sure that they get it.... 
Please feel free to read the New York Times article — Obamacare Is Failing People In Rural 
Areas - by Reed Abelson, Katie Thomas and Jo Craven McGinty. 
Incarceration in the United States of America for the commission of felony and other offenses is out of 
control. The United States has the highest documented incarceration rate in the world. At year-end 
2009, it was 743 adults incarcerated per 1OO,OOO population. According to the U.S. Bureau of Justice 
Statistics (BJS), 2,266,800 adults were incarcerated in U.S. federal and state prisons, and county jails 
at year-end 2O11 - about o.7% of adults in the U.S. resident population. Additionally, 4,814,200 adults 
at year-end 2O11 were on probation or on parole. In total, 6,977,700 adults were under correctional 
supervision (probation, parole, jail, or prison) in 2O11- about 2.9% of adults in the U.S. resident 
population. And for Dickens fans, although debtor's prisons no longer exist in the United States, 
residents of some U.S. states can still be incarcerated for debt as of 2O11. As of 2O1O there were also 
70,792 juveniles in juvenile detention. 
USA. Adult Incarceration. 
Number of inmates 
Inmates in custody 
2000 
2009 
2010 
Total 
1,937,482 
2,291,912 
2,266,832 
Federal prisoners' 
140,064 
205,087 
206,968 
Prisons 
133,921 
196,318 
198,339 
Federal facilities 
124,540 
171,000 
173,138 
Privately operated facilities 
9381 
25,318 
25,201 
Community Corrections Centersb 
6,143 
8,769 
8,629 
State prisoners 
1,176,269 
1,319,391 
1,311,136 
State facilities 
1,104,424 
1,224,145 
1,216,771 
Privately operated facilities 
71,845 
95,246 
94,365 
Local jails( 
621,149 
767,434 
748,728 
Incarceration rate° 
684 
743 
731 
Adult incarceration ratee 
926 
981 
962 
500.000 
2.000.000 
I
I
I 
I
I
I 
Incarcerated Americans 
1920.2006 
I 
I 
I 
Sources: 
1.500.000 
Justice Policy InstiNte Report The Punishing Decade. 
S U.S. Bureau or Justice Militia Bulletin 
NCJ 219416 • Prisoners In 2006 
1000000 
500.000 
1920 1930 1940 1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2006 
Not only in total numbers, but in comparison with other countries the United States also has the 
highest documented incarceration rate in the world (743 per 1OO,OOO population), Russia has the 
second highest rate (577 per ioo,000), followed by Rwanda (561 per loo,000). As of year-end 2009 
the USA rate was 743 adults incarcerated in prisons and jails per 1OO,OOo population. At year-end 
2007 the United States had less than 5% of the world's population and 23.4% of the world's prison and 
jail population (adult inmates). 
EFTA01132831
--- PAGE 20 ---
800 
700
600
500
400
300
200
100
InitaiTh—
states Russia 
United States is the 
World's Leading Jailer 
Prisoners per 100,000 
Population - 2008 
tang
rota: Ref Meholm Wald Meal I 
L.
poodles. ust, Kaa pm /Lim 
At is (maw Canada dada) Japan 
Europa
■ 
tangier 
Bamako Rao on:ft bs 
Europa, 
plipliblia IP" MAO,  ".ow, 
By comparison the incarceration rate in England and Wales in October 2011 was 155 people 
imprisoned per 100,000 residents; the rate for Norway in May 2010 was 71 inmates per 100,000; 
Netherlands in April 2010 was 94 per 100,000; Australia in June 2010 was 133 per 100,000; and New 
Zealand in October 2010 was 203 per 100,000. 
The good news is that the number of inmates in state and federal prisons decreased by 1.7 percent, to 
an estimated 1,571,013 in 2012 from 1,598,783 in 2011, according to figures released by the Bureau of 
Justice Statistics, an arm of the Justice Department. Although the percentage decline appeared small, 
the fact that it followed decreases in 2011 and 2010 offers persuasive evidence of what some experts 
say is a "sea change" in America's approach to criminal punishment. "This is the beginning of the end 
of mass incarcerationfsaid Natasha Frost, associate dean of Northeastern University's school of 
criminology and criminal justice. 
About half the 2012 decline — 15,035 prisoners — occurred in California, which has decreased its 
prison population in response to a Supreme Court order to relieve prison overcrowding. But eight 
other states, including New York, Florida, Virginia and North Carolina, showed substantial decreases, 
of more than 1,000 inmates, and more than half the states reported some drop in the number of 
prisoners. (Figures for three states were estimated because they had not submitted data in time for the 
report.) The population of federal prisons increased slightly, but at a slower rate than in previous 
years, the report found. 
Imprisonment rates in the United States have been on an upward march since the early 1970s. From 
1978, when there were 307,276 inmates in state and federal prisons, the population increased 
annually, reaching a peak of 1,615,487 inmates in 2009. But in recent years, tightened state budgets, 
plummeting crime rates, changes in sentencing laws and shifts in public opinion have combined to 
reverse the trend. Experts on prison policy said that the continuing decline appears to be more than a 
random fluctuation. 
"A year or even two years is a blip and we shouldn't jump to conclusions, but three years starts to look 
like a trend," said Marc Mauer, executive director of the Sentencing Project, a nonprofit research group 
based in Washington. But he said that the rate of inmates incarcerated in the United States continued 
to be "dramatically higher" than in other countries and that the changes so far were "relatively modest 
compared to the scale of the problem." 
Most observers agree that the recession has played a role in shrinking prison populations. In 2011 and 
2012, at least 17 states closed or were considering closing prisons partly for budgetary reasons, 
representing a reduction of 28,525 beds, according to a report by the Sentencing Project published last 
year. 
EFTA01132832
--- PAGE 21 ---
The United States has less than 5 percent of the world's population. But it has almost a quarter of the 
world's prisoners. Indeed, the United States leads the world in producing prisoners, a reflection of a 
relatively recent and now entirely distinctive American approach to crime and punishment. Americans 
are locked up for crimes — from writing bad checks to using drugs — that would rarely produce prison 
sentences in other countries. And in particular they are kept incarcerated far longer than prisoners in 
other nations. Criminologists and legal scholars in other industrialized nations say they are mystified 
and appalled by the number and length of American prison sentences. 
The United States has, for instance, 2.3 million criminals behind bars, more than any other nation, 
according to data maintained by the International Center for Prison Studies at King's College London. 
China, which is four times more populous than the United States, is a distant second, with 1.6 million 
people in prison. (That number excludes hundreds of thousands of people held in administrative 
detention, most of them in China's extrajudicial system of re-education through labor, which often 
singles out political activists who have not committed crimes.) 
Changes in state and federal sentencing laws for lower-level offenses like those involving drugs have 
played a central role in the shift, he and others said, with many states setting up diversion programs 
for offenders as an alternative to prison. And some states have softened their policies on parole, no 
longer automatically sending people back to prison for parole violations. But changing public attitudes 
are also a major driver behind the declining prison numbers. Dropping crime rates over the last 20 
years have reduced public fears and diminished the interest of politicians in running tough-on-crime 
campaigns. And public polls consistently show that Americans are now more interested in spending 
money on education and health care than on building more prisons. As a result the private prison 
business is growing at an alarming rate. 
This week in The Huffington Post - Chris Kirkham wrote a two-part series — PRISONERS OF 
PROFIT - and much like in any other industry driven by profit, the profiteers are doing their best to 
grow their businesses. The result is that we are warehousing more and more of our children in the 
name of criminal justice and rehabilitation. What Kirkham discovered was a startling record of 
juvenile abuse. The two-part article focused on James F. Slattery who over the past quarter century 
for-profit prison enterprises have run afoul of the Justice Department and authorities in New York, 
Florida, Maryland, Nevada and Texas for alleged offenses ranging from condoning abuse of inmates to 
plying politicians with undisclosed gifts while seeking to secure state contracts. 
Examples: In 2001, an 18-year-old committed to a Texas boot camp operated by one of Slattery's 
previous companies, Correctional Services Corp., came down with pneumonia and pleaded to see a 
doctor as he struggled to breathe. Guards accused the teen of faking it and forced him to do pushups 
in his own vomit, according to Texas law enforcement reports. After nine days of medical neglect, he 
died. That same year, auditors in Maryland found that staff at one of Slattery's juvenile facilities 
coaxed inmates to fight on Saturday mornings as a way to settle disputes from earlier in the week. In 
recent years, the company has failed to report riots, assaults and claims of sexual abuse at its juvenile 
prisons in Florida, according to a review of state records and accounts from former employees and 
inmates. 
EFTA01132833
--- PAGE 22 ---
Despite that history, Slattery's current company, Youth Services International, has retained and even 
expanded its contracts to operate juvenile prisons in several states. The company has capitalized on 
budgetary strains across the country as governments embrace privatization in pursuit of cost savings. 
Nearly 4o percent of the nation's juvenile delinquents are today committed to private facilities, 
according to the most recent federal data from 2011, up from about 33 percent twelve years earlier. 
Over the past two decades, more than 40,00o boys and girls in 16 states have gone through one of 
Slattery's prisons, boot camps or detention centers, according to a Huffington Post analysis of juvenile 
facility data. 
The private prison industry has long fueled its growth on the proposition that it is a boon to taxpayers, 
delivering better outcomes at lower costs than state facilities. But significant evidence undermines that 
argument: the tendency of young people to return to crime once they get out, for example, and long-
term contracts that can leave states obligated to fill prison beds. The harsh conditions confronting 
youth inside YSI's facilities, moreover, show the serious problems that can arise when government 
hands over social services to private contractors and essentially walks away. 
Those held at YSI facilities across the country have frequently faced beatings, neglect, sexual abuse and 
unsanitary food over the past two decades, according to a HuffPost investigation that included 
interviews with 14 former employees and a review of thousands of pages of state audits, lawsuits, local 
police reports and probes by state and federal agencies. Out of more than 300 institutions surveyed, a 
YSI detention center in Georgia had the highest rate of youth alleging sexual assaults in the country, 
according to a recent report by the Bureau of Justice Statistics. 
In Florida, where private contractors have in recent years taken control of all of the state's 3,300 youth 
prison beds, YSI now manages more than $loo million in contracts, about 10 percent of the system. 
Its facilities have generated conspicuously large numbers of claims that guards have assaulted youth, 
according to a HuffPost compilation of state reports. A YSI facility in Palm Beach County had the 
highest rate of reported sexual assaults out of 36 facilities reviewed in Florida, the Bureau of Justice 
Statistics report found. 
The state's sweeping privatization of its juvenile incarceration system has produced some of the worst 
re-offending rates in the nation. More than 4o percent of youth offenders sent to one of Florida's 
juvenile prisons wind up arrested and convicted of another crime within a year of their release, 
according to state data. I n New York state, where historically no youth offenders have been held in 
private institutions, 25 percent are convicted again within that timeframe. 
Florida logs reports of serious incidents that occur inside its juvenile prisons, but the state does not 
maintain a database that allows for the analysis of trends across the system. HuffPost obtained the 
documents through Florida's public records law and compiled incident reports logged between 2008 
and 2012. According to the data, YSI's facilities generated a disproportionate share of reports of prison 
staff allegedly injuring youth offenders by using excessive force. 
Although YSI oversaw only about 9 percent of the state's juvenile jail beds during the past five years, 
the company was responsible for nearly 15 percent of all reported cases of excessive force and injured 
youths. 
In 2012, 23 incidents of excessive force were reported at YSI facilities. By comparison, G4S Youth 
Services — the state's largest private provider of youth prison beds — generated 21 such reports, 
despite overseeing nearly three times as many beds. 
Among the other key findings from HuffPost's investigation: 
• 
Staff underreport serious incidents such as major fights and staff assaults in an effort to 
keep the state in the dark and avoid additional scrutiny — a violation of the company's contracts 
as well as Department of Juvenile Justice rules requiring that contracted staff report such 
incidents to state authorities. 
• Though state guidelines prohibit "unnecessarily harsh or indecent treatment,"YSI guards 
have frequently resorted to violence in confrontations with youth, slapping and choking inmates 
and sometimes fracturing bones, according to police reports. Former employees told HuffPost 
that YSI often fails to document such incidents. 
EFTA01132834
--- PAGE 23 ---
• 
Staff turnover at YSI's prisons is rampant, leaving inexperienced guards to manage a tough 
population. 
• At YSI facilities, food is often in short supply and frequently undercooked. Youth 
interviewed by HuffPost recounted being served bloody, raw thicken and sometimes finding 
flies inside pre-cooked dishes. In order to get enough food, youth are allowed to gamble through 
card games and sports bets while trading "picks"— the right to take someone else's food at the 
next meal. 
Former employees recall going without basic supplies such as toilet paper, deodorant and tampons —
also violations of department policy. They say they lacked the funds to provide activities for the youth 
held in YSI's prisons. 
"We were kept like rats in a trap, in a maze," said Angela Phillips, a former shift supervisor at 
Broward Girls Academy in Pembroke Pines, northwest of Miami. "There was no outlet and no 
stimulation, so they would just turn on each other, and turn on staff. That's how it was day in, day 
out." 
The company spokesman, Jesse Williams, dismissed claims that YSI fails to report incidents, saying 
the company always complies with state guidelines. "Our reporting process is the best in the industry," 
he said. 
He argued that YSI's employee turnover rate and salaries are in line with the industry average. "The 
job is a difficult one," he said. "Despite our best efforts to assess a candidate's fitness for the position, 
which include employment and background screening and proper training, we don't know of their true 
suitability until they are well into the job." 
Local public defenders and groups such as the Southern Poverty Law Center have for years forwarded 
concerns about YSI facilities to the state, but Florida has done little to investigate allegations of verbal 
and physical abuse. 
In the summer of 2012, after the Broward County Public Defender's Office sent a letter to the 
Department of Juvenile Justice outlining issues with food and fighting at a different facility, the state 
inspector handed out a pro-forma questionnaire to about 20 boys there. 
Last year, the state declined to renew YSI's contract for that program, a 154-bed facility called 
Thompson Academy where state officials over the years had documented frequent violence and 
failures to report serious incidents. But that decision was not due to poor performance, according to a 
letter the state sent to the company in August 2012. Indeed, this year, the state awarded YSI another 
contract to manage a facility less than a mile away. 
"I always think it's ironic that you can't get a job as a janitor for the Department of Juvenile Justice 
— understandably so — if you have any kind of conviction on your record," said Marie Osborne, the 
chief juvenile public defender in Miami-Dade County, who has followed YSI for more than a decade. 
"They're scrupulous with individual employees, but a corporation can have this corporate rap sheet, 
and it's no problem. They can get contracts." 
In the push to fully privatize the system and phase out state-run facilities, Florida has continued both 
to renew YSI's contracts and to award the company new ones. Last year, Florida opted not to extend 
YSI's contract to oversee Thompson Academy, the facility where Jerry Blanton had blown the whistle 
and lost his job eight years earlier. In a letter to YSI sent in summer 2012, the state told the company 
that the contract would end because the DJJ was "moving away from large institutional models" and 
toward smaller, community-based programs. Still, the letter added, "We strongly encourage your 
participation" in an upcoming bid for new contracts. 
In January, the state gave YSI a $7.3 million, five-year contract to run the new Broward Youth 
Treatment Center, a 28-bed program less than a mile away from Thompson. And this summer, YSI 
won contracts to take over two more state facilities, one in the Tampa area and another in 
Jacksonville. This is akin to giving Willie Sutton the keys to the front door of a bank and then wonder 
why money is missing. But worse. YSI and many other companies in the juvenile detention business, 
are in many cases crime universities, where the only thing that an inmate will learn is how to get better 
EFTA01132835
--- PAGE 24 ---
at criminal activity, because instead of focusing on productive learning that increase societal skill sets 
they are warehouses operating on the cheap. 
Although direct expenditure for prisons has grown by almost 700% over the past year the tremendous 
prison population has growth has led to vast over-crowding causing poorer and poorer conditions, 
which the non-governmental organization Human Rights Watch raised concerns with prisoner rape 
and medical care for inmates. In a survey of 1,788 male inmates in Midwestern prisons by Prison 
Journal, about 21% responded they had been coerced or pressured into sexual activity during their 
incarceration, and 7% that they had been raped in their current facility. 
Direct expenditure by criminal 
justice function, 1982-2006 
Billions 
United States 
$100 
$80 
$60 
$40 
$20 
Percent 
change 
1982-2006 
'420% 
Police 
Corrections 
Judicial 
660% 
503% 
$0 ' I ' l l ' 
1982 
1990 
1998 
2006 
In August 2003, a Harper's article by Wil S. Hylton estimated that "somewhere between 20 and 4096 
of American prisoners are, at this very moment, infected with hepatitis C". Prisons may outsource 
medical care to private companies such as Correctional Medical Services (now Corizon) that, according 
to Hylton's research, try to minimize the amount of care given to prisoners in order to maximize 
profits. 
Also identified as an issue within the prison system is gang violence, because many gang members 
retain their gang identity and affiliations when imprisoned. Segregation of identified gang members 
from the general population of inmates, with different gangs being housed in separate units often 
results in the imprisonment of these gang members with their friends and criminal cohorts. Some feel 
this has the effect of turning prisons into "institutions of higher criminal learning." 
EFTA01132836
--- PAGE 25 ---
Many prisons in the United States are overcrowded. For example, California's 33 prisons have a total 
capacity of 100,000, but they hold 170,000 inmates. Many prisons in California and around the 
country are forced to turn old gymnasiums and classrooms into huge bunkhouses for inmates. They 
do this by placing hundreds of bunk beds next to one another, in these gyms, without any type of 
barriers to keep inmates separated. In California, the inadequate security engendered by this situation, 
coupled with insufficient staffing levels, have led to increased violence and a prison health system that 
causes one death a week. This situation has led the courts to order California to release of 27% of the 
current prison population, citing the Eighth Amendment's prohibition of cruel and unusual 
punishment[81] The three-judge court considering requests by the Plata v. Schwarzenegger and 
Coleman v. Schwarzenegger courts found California's prisons have become criminogenic as a result of 
prison overcrowding.[82] 
In 2005, the Supreme Court of the United States case of Cutter v. Wilkinson established that prisons 
that received federal funds could not deny prisoners accommodations necessary for religious practices. 
According to a Supreme Court ruling issued on May 23, 2011, California — which has the highest 
overcrowding rate of any prison system in the country — must alleviate overcrowding in the state's 
prisons, reducing the prisoner population by 30,000 over the next two years. 
Solitary confinement is widely used in US prisons, yet it is underreported by most states, while some 
don't report it at all. Isolation of prisoners has been condemned by the UN in 2011 as a form of torture. 
At over 8o,000 at any given time, the US has more prisoners confined in isolation than any other 
country in the world. In Louisiana, with 843 prisoners per 100,000 citizens, there have been prisoners 
held for as long as forty years in isolation. As a result, in 1999, the Supreme Court of Norway refused 
to extradite American hash-smuggler Henry Hendricksen, as they declared that US prisons do not 
meet their minimum humanitarian standards. 
But the real problem with America's prison system is that it doesn't work. A 2002 study survey 
showed that among nearly 275,000 prisoners released in 1994, 67.5% were rearrested within 3 years, 
and 51.8% were back in prison. However, the study found no evidence that spending more time in 
prison raises the recidivism rate, and found that those serving the longest time, 61 months or more, 
had a slightly lower re-arrest rate (54.2%) than every other category of prisoners. This is most likely 
explained by the older average age of those released with the longest sentences, and the study shows a 
strong negative correlation between recidivism and age upon release. 
Every sociologist will tell you that the best investment a country can make is in early education so that 
children are engaged as young as possible so that they develop the educational skills and develop a 
EFTA01132837
--- PAGE 26 ---
roadmap to a desired position in society. Instead our politicians are cuffing funding for Head-Start 
programs and outsourcing the result of their failure to juvenile detention centers and privately owned 
prisons. The choiceis obvious, so why aren't our politicians seeing the light 
An exclusive Esquire-NBC News survey shows us that everything we are told about politics in 
America today—that there is no middle ground between left and right, blue and red, us and them—
is wrong. The data, compiled by the Benenson Strategy Group (pollster for Obama for America '08 
and '12) and Neil Newhouse of Public Opinion Strategies (lead pollster for Romney for President), 
show us there is a large group of American voters—even a majority—who make up a New 
American Center that is passionate, persuadable, and very real. They are merely waiting for 
Washington to find them. Published in the Nov. 2013 issue 
1. THE CENTER IS FILLED WITH PEOPLE 
WHO DO NOT CONSIDER THEMSELVES THE 
CENTER. 
When we talk about the Center, we are not talking about some shapeless, shifting mass of voters 
who just can't make up their minds about where they stand. They know what they stand for—nearly 
half the voters we identified in the Center even say they're liberals or conservatives. (Hell, 15 
percent of those in the Center say they are supporters of the Tea Party.) However, their views don't 
neatly correspond to traditional definitions of liberal or conservative, creating a disjunction between 
where they think they are on the ideological spectrum and where they actually are. 
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
EFTA01132838
--- PAGE 27 ---
HOW WOULD YOU DESCRIBE YOUR ETHNICITY? 
• 
47% 
38% 
3% 
r
e M 
%
---ils.-- 
__ 
• 
- 
- • 
n, 
.•\ 
/ \ 
". 
t. 
WHITE! 
BLACK/AFRICAN- 
HISPANIC/ 
ASIAN 
OTHER 
CAUCASIAN 
AMERICAN 
LATINO 
DO YOU SUPPORT REQUIRING ALL REGISTERED VOTERS TO SHOW A 
PHOTO ID, SUCH AS A VALID DRIVER'S LICENSE, AT THE POLLING BOOTH 
BEFORE THEY CAN CAST A VOTE? 
58% 
17% 
10% 
8% 
Th 
STRONGLY 
SOMEWHAT 
NEUTRAL ON 
SOMEWHAT 
STRONGLY 
SUPPORT 
SUPPORT 
THE MATTER 
OPPOSE 
OPPOSE 
Do you support ending affirmative action in hiring decisions and 
college admissions? 
STRONGLY SUPPORT 30% 
SOMEWHAT SUPPORT 27% 
EUTRAL ON THE MATTER 25% 
SOMEWHAT OPPOSE I2% 
STRONGLY OPPOSE 7% 
DO YOU SUPPORT PROVIDING ILLEGAL 
IMMIGRANTS WITH A PATH TO 
CITIZENSHIP EVEN THOUGH THEY HAVE 
BROKEN THE RULES? 
Strongly support 12% 
Somewhat support 20% 
Neutral on the matter 14% 
Somewhat oppose 16% 
Strongly oppose 38% 
EFTA01132839
--- PAGE 28 ---
Among those on the Right, there is a much higher tendency to self-identify as very conservative on 
social issues (65%) compared with those on the Left who identify as very liberal on social issues 
(54%). The same numbers more or less apply on fiscal issues, with the Right more likely to describe 
themselves in extreme terms. 
2. THE CENTER IS PRETTY WHITE. NOT AS 
WHITE AS THE FOLKS ALL THE WAY TO THE 
RIGHT, BUT STILL: PRETTY WHITE. AND 
THEY DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANY TALK OF 
"DIVERSITY." 
Compared with voters who make up segments further to the left on the spectrum, the Center is much 
less ethnically diverse. Though it's impossible to attribute any direct causation, there also happens to 
be a clear lack of support in the Center for issues typically related to diversity. 
EFTA01132840
--- PAGE 29 ---
AGREE OR DIS-
AGREE: AFTER 230 
YEARS, THE CONSTI-
TUTION CAN'T 
PROVIDE GUIDANCE 
FOR MANY OF THE 
MODERN PROBLEMS 
WE FACE NOW 
54% 
AGREE 
17% 
NEUTRAL 
29% 
DISAGREE 
AGREE OR DISAGREE: THE TWO-PARTY SYSTEM WE HAVE IN 
THIS COUNTRY IS BROKEN AND OUT OF DATE AND AMERI-
CA WOULD BE BETTER OFF IF THERE WERE MORE THAN JUST 
TWO PARTIES. 
Agree 49% 
Disagree 30% 
Neutral 21% 
Agree or disagree: I never put any faith in politicians of either party because they always end up 
disappointing me. 
Agree 49% 
Disagree 26% 
Neutral 25% 
THINKING ABOUT THE NEXT FEW YEARS, 
HOW OPTIMISTIC OR PESSIMISTIC 
ARE YOU ABOUT... 
THE POLITICS IN THIS COUNTRY? 
21% 
21% 
NEUTRAL 
OPTIMISTIC 
EFTA01132841
--- PAGE 30 ---
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
The Right is about 90 percent white across the board, while on the Left you've got two camps side 
by side: the secular segment (very white) and the religious (very nonwhite), meaning it's not quite 
right to think of the Left as an ideological Benetton ad. There are stark racial divisions, and only 
when the group is unified does it become diverse. The support for affirmative action and 
immigration reform on the Left is soft—a bare majority supports both causes—while the opposition 
from the Right is very strong. 
3. THE CENTER DOESN'T MUCH LIKE HOW 
THINGS ARE GOING. 
They're not sure how well the Constitution is aging. They don't much like the two-party system. And 
they don't care for politicians. What else you got, Washington? 
4. THE CENTER TRUSTS DEMOCRATS (AND 
()PRAM MORE THAN REPUBLICANS. 
Eighteen percent of those in the Center name a Democratic figure as the person they trust most, 
including 9 percent who pick the president. By comparison, 13 percent name a Republican leader, 
and there are no active GOP politicians who receive more than 1 percent, save one: Chris Christie. 
This could reflect the absence of a unifying national leader in the Republican party. Or, you know, 
could be something else. 
lnline image 31 
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
On the Left, it's Obama by a mile—not even the Clintons come close. But among the Right, Billy 
Graham (at 7 percent) outpolls everyone on the list, with the next three highest tied at 4 percent: the 
pope, Bill O'Reilly, and George W. Bush. (Among active politicians, the Right likes Rand Paul best.) 
5. PLEASE DON'T TALK TO THE CENTER 
ABOUT GOD AND GUNS. 
Religion is not a major part of the Center's life, and it firmly believes that religion has no place in 
the public sphere. Meanwhile: Even though about a third of those in the Center own guns, an 
overwhelming plurality have no problem with background checks. 
EFTA01132842
--- PAGE 31 ---
DO YOU OWN A GUN OR DOES SOMEONE IN YOUR 
HOUSEHOLD OWN A GUN? 
62%
WHICH STATEMENT BEST DESCRIBES 
YOUR VIEW ON THE ISSUE OF GUN CONTROL? 
34% 
ne 
4% 
15% 
45% 
22% 
14% 
All guns are 
We have seen 
Background 
Current gun 
The Second 
dangerous 
the ramifies- 
checks are 
laws must 
Amendment 
and should be Lions of lax 
not a viola 
be better en- 
and the right 
banned. 
gun laws and 
don of Second forced to en- 
to bear arms 
should take 
Amendment 
sure future 
are absolute, 
significant 
rights but rath- tragedies do 
and all Amer - 
stops to re- 
er are needed 
not occur, but 
icans should 
duce and re- 
to make sure 
no new laws 
be able to buy 
strict the use 
our schools 
should be add- any gun they 
of guns in 
and communi- ed to restrict 
want. 
America. 
ties stay safe. 
the Second 
Amendment 
right. 
Agree or disagree: Religion le important to me and I regularlymake time to 
attend services and prey. 
Agree 29% 
Disagree 55' 
Neutral 16% 
AGREE OR DISAGREE: 
CHURCHES AND RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATIONS SHOULD HAVE NO 
ROLE IN POLITICS. 
Agree 
59% 
Disagree 
26% 
Neutral 
16% 
EFTA01132843
--- PAGE 32 ---
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
The Center is less religious than the Right, and—surprise!—it's less religious than the Left, too, and 
here's why: Members of the Gospel Left (the ones who broke 99 to 1 for Obama in 2012) are second 
only to the Righteous Right for how important religion is to them. Unlike their fellow believers on 
the Right, though, more than half of the Gospel Left feels that religion should not play a role in 
public life. 
6. THE CENTER BELIEVES THE 
GOVERNMENT SHOULD HELP ONLY THOSE 
WHO REALLY NEED HELP. 
The Center strongly favors government intervention that ensures everyone has their basic needs met 
(such as food and health care) and has a fair shot at earning a decent living. 
EFTA01132844
--- PAGE 33 ---
Agree or disagree: Government should guar-
antee that people get equal pay for equal work, 
regardless of their gender or race. 
Agree 73% 
Disagree 15% 
Neutral 12% 
44% 
Strongly 
support 
23% 
Somewhat 
support 
WOULD YOU SUPPORT 
INCREASING THE 
FEDERAL MINIMUM 
WAGE FROM $7.25 TO 
$10 PER HOUR? 
12% 
Somewhat 
oppose 
13% 
Neutral on 
the matter 
8% 
Strongly 
oppose 
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
AGREE OR DISAGREE: WE NEED 
THE GOVERNMENT TO 
MAINTAIN PROGRAMS LIKE FOOD 
STAMPS, WELFARE, AND 
MEDICAID SO THAT PEOPLE WHO 
HIT HARD TIMES DON'T FALL 
THROUGH THE CRACKS. 
20% 
Neutral 
On the Left, there is intense and broad support for these issues, but there are huge divisions on the 
Right. The religious segment overwhelmingly supports all of these issues, while the Talk Radio 
Heads oppose all but equal pay, and between the two, the Right nets out to soft opposition to raising 
the minimum wage (with 49 percent against, 39 percent for) and safety-net programs (43 percent 
against, 40 percent for). 
7. ...BUT THE CENTER WOULD REALLY 
PREFER THAT THE GOVERNMENT LEAVE 
EFTA01132845
--- PAGE 34 ---
THE REST OF US ALONE. 
Especially when it comes to our personal lives, though that live-and-let-live mind-set has limits. 
Though a clear majority of the Center is strongly in favor of marriage equality, half also registers 
concerns about changing the definition of marriage. There is also support for abortion—but mostly 
during the first three months. 
EFTA01132846
--- PAGE 35 ---
ABORTION? 
Should be prohibited in all 
circumstances. 3% 
Should be legal only to save the life of 
the mother. 4% 
Should be legal only in cases of rape 
or incest, or to save the life of the 
mother. 29% 
Should be legal for any reason, but 
not after the first three months of 
pregnancy. 36% 
Should be legal for any reason, but 
not after the first six months of 
pregnancy. 15% 
Should be allowed at any time during 
the woman's pregnancy for any 
reason 12% 
LEGALIZE 
MARIJUANA? 
STRONGLY SUPPORT 34% 
SOMEWHAT SUPPORT 18% 
NEUTRAL ON THE MATTER 15% 
SOMEWHAT OPPOSE 13% 
STRONGLY OPPOSE 20% 
AGREE OR DISAGREE: GOVERNMENT SHOULD NOT LEGISLATE 
HOW AMERICANS CAN BEHAVE IN THEIR PERSONAL LIVES, SUCH 
AS OWNING GUNS, ABORTION, MARRIAGE, AND MARIJUANA. 
WHICH STATEMENT BEST DESCRIBES YOUR VIEW ON THE 
ISSUE OF GAY MARRIAGE? 
Marriage is between two people who 
love each other and are committed 
to each other, regardless of whether 
they are men or women. 
44% 
Gay marriage is a civil-rights issue. 
Preventing gay people from getting 
married is discrimination. 
11% 
Marriage is an issue for each state to 
decide, and if some states want to rec-
ognize gay marriage or other states 
want to prohibit it. then that 
is their right. 
9% 
Marriage is between a man and a 
woman, but there is no reason same. 
sex partners cannot have civil 
unions that give them the same legal 
rights as married couples. 
23% 
Marriage has always been between a 
man and a woman, and that definition 
should not be changed. 
13% 
AGREE OR DISAGREE: MARRIAGE AND FAMILY ARE IMPORTANT 
INSTITUTIONS THAT SHAPE OUR CULTURE AND OUR COUNTRY AND WE 
NEED TO BE CAREFUL BEFORE WE CHANGE THE DEFINITION. 
50% 
AGREE 
22% 
NEUTRAL 
28% 
MAGRI( 
EFTA01132847
--- PAGE 36 ---
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
There are moderating forces within both camps: The relatively conservative social views of the 
Gospel Left balance out the Bleeding Hearts' strong progressive views, while the Talk Radio Heads, 
most of whom don't want the government involved in our personal lives, balance out the intense 
pro-life, anti-gay-marriage positions of the Righteous Right. 
8. THE CENTER HAS HAD IT WITH THE REST 
OF THE WORLD. 
... And doesn't much want to use American resources to fix things overseas when we have problems 
at home. However: ix-nay on bringing up ina-Chay. 
EFTA01132848
--- PAGE 37 ---
AGREE OR DISAGREE: AMERICA'S SECURITY 
WILL BE AT RISK IF WE'RE NOTABLE TO MAINTAIN A MILITARY 
Yes 
AND ECONOMIC EDGE OVER CHINA. 
62% 
i 
"Mr 
i 
76% 
AGREE 
15%
NEUTRAL 
\ 
No 
16% 
Maybe 
22% 
AGREE OR DISAGREE: AMERICA 
SHOULD NO LONGER BE THE 
WORLD'S POLICEMAN, EVEN IF IT 
MEANS OTHER NATIONS 
PLAYING A LARGER ROLE. 
• 
90/0
DISAGREE 
Agree or disagree: We can't afford to spend money on foreign aid and building up 
other nations when we need to build our own country. 
Agree 81% 
Neutral 12% 
Disagree 7% 
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
This is the one thing that the Left, the Right, and the Center agree on, with one exception: The 
Center is even less likely than either the Left or the Right to believe that America has a 
responsibility to maintain peace in the world. 
9. THE CENTER WANTS THE FEDERAL 
GOVERNMENT TO SPEND LESS, GO EASY ON 
REGULATION. 
EFTA01132849
--- PAGE 38 ---
WHICH STATEMENT BEST DESCRIBES YOUR VIEW ON THE ISSUE OF 
GOVERNMENT SPENDING? 
40% 
GOVERNMENT 
SPENDING IS 
WASTEFUL AND 
INEFFICIENT. 
GOVERNMENT SPENDING, 
WHILE SOMETIMES INEF-
FICIENT, IS THE BEST WAY 
TO ENSURE INVESTMENT 
IN THE COMMON GOOD. 
39% 
GOVERNMENT 
SPENDING 
SHOULD NEVER 
EXCEED WHAT IT 
TAKES IN. 
• 50/ 
GOVERNMENT SPENDING 
REPRESENTS OUR MORAL 
OBLIGATION TO CARE FOR 
ONE ANOTHER. 
SHOULD AMERICANS AMEND THE CONSTITUTION 
TO REQUIRE THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TO 
BALANCE ITS BUDGET EACH YEAR? 
Strongly support 50% 
Somewhat support 27% 
Neutral on the matter 11% 
Somewhat oppose 7% 
Strongly oppose 4% 
Which statement best describes your view on the issue of Wall Street reform? 
Financial markets left unregulated will wreck the American economy. 35% 
Financial reform should be used only to curb abuses, and shouldn't restrict banks' 
and investors' ability to make profits. 42% 
Financial reform undermines free-market capitalism and prevents growth 
and prosperity. 12% 
Financial reform is another indicator of government overreach into activity it has 
no right to regulate. 11% 
EFTA01132850
--- PAGE 39 ---
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
There is significant tension on the Left regarding a balanced-budget amendment, with the secular 
Left split on an amendment while the religious strongly support it. Similarly, there is tension on the 
Right when it comes to financial regulation, with the religious Right taking a slightly dimmer view 
of financial markets than the secular. 
10. THE CENTER IS PRETTY OKAY WITH 
RAISING TAXES ON THE RICH AND ON 
POLLUTERS. 
The Center wants a tax system and an economy that ensures the wealthy pay their fair share and 
polluters pay for their mess, and they want the revenue that generates to be spent fairly and wisely—
not just handed out to people who aren't accountable or funneled to wasteful projects. 
EFTA01132851
--- PAGE 40 ---
DO YOU SUPPORT RAISING TAXES ON AMERICANS WHO 
MAKE MORE THAN $1 MILLION A YEAR? 
Strongly support 59% 
Somewhat support 19% 
Neutral on the matter 7% 
Somewhat oppose 7% 
Strongly oppose 8% 
SHOULDTK 
9DUSTRIES 
THAT PRODUCE CARBON 
EMISSIONS TO HELP REDUCE POLLUTION? 
4% 
STRONGLY 
OPPOSE 
70/ 
SOMEWHAT 
OPPOSE 
13%
NEUTRAL ON 
THE MATTER 
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
STRONGLY 
SUPPORT 
31% 
SOMEWHAT 
SUPPORT 
Contrary to what you might have heard, the Right as a whole supports raising taxes on millionaires 
and taxing polluters, but just barely, and owing to the split between the Righteous Right (who 
overwhelmingly support the measures) and the Talk Radio Heads (who oppose). The Left is very 
intense in its support of both. 
11. DRILL, KILL, AND STOP COMPLAINING: 
THE CENTER IS NOT SOFT. 
EFTA01132852
--- PAGE 41 ---
Should the government expand exploration of U.S.-based oil and gas reserves 
to lessen dependence on foreign oil? 
Strongly support 54% 
Somewhat support 26% 
Neutral on the matter 10% 
Somewhat oppose 7% 
Strongly oppose 3% 
78% 
PEOPLE AREN'T 
ACCOUNTABLE 
FOR THEIR 
DECISIONS 
AND ACTIONS 
END THE DEATH PENALTY? 
22% 
PEOPLE AREN'T 
COMPASSION-
ATE TOWARD 
ONE ANOTHER 
46% 
STRONGLY 
OPPOSE 
10% 
11% 
15% 
18% 
STRONGLY 
SOMEWHAT 
NEUTRAL ON 
SOMEWHAT 
SUPPORT 
SUPPORT 
THE MATTER 
OPPOSE 
EFTA01132853
--- PAGE 42 ---
12. THE CENTER NEEDS A DRINK-PROBABLY 
A BEER. AND THEY RECYCLE! 
EFTA01132854
--- PAGE 43 ---
Which of the following alcoholic drinks are you most likely to drink when 
you go out? 
Wine 21% 
Beer 31% 
Clear spirits such as vodka or gin 15% 
Dark spirits such as bourbon or whiskey 7% 
I do not drink alcohol. 26% 
Which of the following sports do you most enjoy watching on television? 
Major league baseball 26% 
Pro football 46% 
College football 19% 
Pro basketball 10% 
College basketball 8% 
Hockey 9% 
Nascar 9% 
Golf 6% 
Tennis 3% 
MLS soccer 1% 
International soccer 3% 
I do not watch sports on television. 21% 
HEY, CENTER: 
YOU DO LAST WEEKEND? 
Watched TV shows or 
movies live on TV. 86% 
Used social media such 
as Facebook, Twitter, or 
lnstag ram. 67% 
Read a magazine or 
newspaper. 65% 
Watched TV or a movie 
using TiVo, DVR, Netflix, 
et al. 56% 
Played a game online or 
on a phone or tablet. 55% 
Dined at a restaurant. 
54% 
Read blogs or Web sites. 
54% 
Read a book. 47% 
Shopped at Walmart or 
Costco. 44% 
Played sports, exercised. 
35% 
Went shopping for fun. 
34% 
Had sex. 34% 
Played video games. 
31% 
Traveled out of town. 
25% 
Went to church. 17% 
Had a fight with a 
spouse or family mem-
ber. 12% 
A 
 WHICH OF THE FOLLOWING BEST DESCRIBES THE 
) 
RECYCLING YOU DO AT HOME? 
I RECYCLE AT HOME BECAUSE IT IS REQUIRED. 5% 
• 
I RECYCLE AT HOME OUT OF HABIT. 11% 
I RECYCLE AT HOME BECAUSE I DON'T LIKE TO WASTE. 22% 
I RECYCLE AT HOME BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE I AM DOING SOMETHING GOOD 
FOR THE ENVIRONMENT. 47% 
I DO NOT RECYCLE AT HOME. 15% 
EFTA01132855
--- PAGE 44 ---
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
If you are on the Left, you are less likely to have had sex, or read a book, than if you are on the 
Right. 
13. THE CENTER IS UP FOR GRABS. 
Nearly two thirds of the Center agree that when it comes to politics, they often agree with some 
ideas that Democrats have and some ideas that Republicans have. There is not a strong consensus as 
to whether the Republicans or Democrats "get it wrong most of the time" or that their ideas rarely 
represent the Center's view, with 44 percent agreeing (just 24 percent strongly agree) and 29 percent 
disagreeing. What's more, more than one in three in the Center don't feel like there is anybody in 
Washington expressing for them. They are waiting to be found. 
EFTA01132856
--- PAGE 45 ---
AGREE OR DISAGREE: WHEN IT COMES TO POLITICS, 
I OFTEN AGREE WITH SOME IDEAS THAT DEMOCRATS HAVE AND SOME 
IDEAS THAT REPUBLICANS HAVE. 
58% 
AGREE 
24% 
DISAGREE 
18% 
NEUTRAL 
AGREE OR DISAGREE: WHEN IT COMES TO POLITICS, BOTH 
DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS GET IT WRONG MOST OF THE TIME, AND 
I RARELY AGREE WITH THE IDEAS EITHER PARTY HAS. 
AGREE 
NEUTRAL 
27% 
44% 
•
29% 
DISAGREE 
EFTA01132857
--- PAGE 46 ---
MEANWHILE, ON THE LEFT AND RIGHT: 
Those on the Left are the most confident that someone in Washington is expressing their viewpoints, 
while among the Right (the Righteous Right in particular), more than half feel no one is speaking up 
for them. The Right, too, seems up for grabs. 
14. Are You In the New American Center? 
METHODOLOGY 
The Benenson Strategy Group and Public Opinion Strategies conducted a nationwide survey from 
August 5 through 11, 2013, with 2,410 registered voters. They applied a k-means clustering 
technique to group respondents into "segments" based on attitudinal and demographic 
commonalities and like-mindedness. They conducted eight iterations of the clustering to optimize 
the differentiating variables that feed into the segmentation methodology. The segments were 
formed based on commonalities across their demographics; psychographics; political, social, and 
economic values; and lifestyles. The pollsters selected the segmentation solution that yielded the 
most unique and differentiated clusters. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Based on respondents' answers to our survey, the statisticians and analysts identified eight 
distinct ideological segments within the U. S. population, each with its own defining values, beliefs, and 
lifestyles. Among those eight segments, there are four that occupy what the survey has determined is the center of 
the ideological spectrum. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the answers to the survey questions reflects the 
general consensus position of the center. For clarity, some questions have been adjusted and some answers 
aggregated from the original survey. 
THIS WEEK's QUOTE 
As President Obama said about immigration this week in urging Congress 
to work together, "not only is this the right thing to do, it is also the smart 
thing to do." The same is true about affordable healthcare. 
Greg Brown 
COMIC RELIEF 
For those of you who need or would like a bit of comic relief 
 please enjoy this video 
Click here: http://www.youtube.com/watch  popup?feature=player embedded&v=VIOxISOr3 M 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
EFTA01132858
--- PAGE 47 ---
Being a Baby-boomer who came of age in the 1960s, I gravitated to the counter-culture of Greenwich 
Village in New York City, whose coffee houses and jazz clubs played and hosted the music of Phil Oaks, 
Bob Dillan, Pete Seeger and Peter, Paul and Mary, as well as Miles Davis, Thelonious Monk, John 
Coltrane, Archie Shepp and Lee Morgan. Further cementing this counter-culture was the literary 
works of Kerouac, Burroughs Corso
Corso and Ginsberg, as well as the art of Pollack, Rauschenberg,
Nevelson, Johns, Newman and Warhol and the performance pieces of Merce Cunningham, Robert 
Joffrey and Alvin Ailey, as well as musicians Phillip Glass, John Cage and Iggy Pop. And although my 
cultural pallet varied from the edgy Ornette Coleman to the Velvet Underground and from James 
Brown to the commercially success, Buffalo Springfield whose signature song, "For What It's Worth" 
mirrored the conscience of my generation and the times. And one of my favorite troubadours of the 
era and a person of mine and many others of my generation was Gordon Lightfoot. 
Gordon Meredith Lightfoot, Jr. (born November 17, 1938) is a Canadian singer-songwriter who 
achieved international success in folk, folk-rock, and country music, and has been credited for helping 
define the folk-pop sound of the 196os and 1970s. He has been referred to as Canada's greatest 
songwriter and internationally as a folk-rock legend. Lightfoot's songs, including "For Lovin' Me", 
"Early Morning Rain", "Steel Rail Blues", "Ribbon of Darkness"—a number one hit on the U.S. country 
charts with Marty Robbins' cover in 1965— and the 1967 Detroit riot-generated "Black Day In July" 
brought him international recognition in the 1960s. He experienced chart success in Canada with his 
own recordings, beginning in 1962 with the Number 3 hit "(Remember Me) I'm the One". Lightfoot's 
recordings then made an impact on the international music charts as well in the 1970s, with songs 
such as "If You Could Read My Mind" (1970) (Number 5 on the US charts), "Sundown" (1974), 
"Carefree Highway" (1974), "Rainy Day People" (1975), all reaching number 1, and "The Wreck of the 
Edmund Fitzgerald" (1976) (reaching number 2). 
Some of Lightfoot's albums have achieved gold and multi-platinum status internationally. His songs 
have been recorded by some of the world's most renowned recording artists, including Elvis Presley, 
Johnny Cash, Hank Williams Jr., The Kingston Trio, Marty Robbins, George Hamilton IV, Jerry Lee 
Lewis, Bob Dylan, Judy Collins, Barbra Streisand, Johnny Mathis, Viola Wills, Richie Havens, The 
Replacements, Harry Belafonte, Tony Rice, Sandy Denny (with Fotheringay), The Clancy Brothers and 
Tommy Makem, Scott Walker, Sarah McLachlan, John Mellencamp, Toby Keith, Peter, Paul and Mary, 
Glen Campbell, Anne Murray, The Irish Rovers and Olivia Newton-John. 
EFTA01132859
--- PAGE 48 ---
Robbie Robertson of The Band declared that Lightfoot was one of his "favourite Canadian songwriters 
and is absolutely a national treasure." Bob Dylan, also a Lightfoot fan, called him one of his favourite 
songwriters, and in an often-quoted tribute to his fellow songwriter, Dylan once observed that when he 
heard a Gordon Lightfoot song he wished "it would last forever." Lightfoot was a featured musical 
performer at the opening ceremonies of the 1988 Winter Olympic Games in Calgary, Alberta. He 
received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree (arts) in 1979 and the Companion of the Order of Canada 
—Canada's highest civilian honor—in 2003. On February 6, 2012, Lightfoot was presented with the 
Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal by the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario. In June of that 
same year he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. With this, I invite you to enjoy the 
music of Mr. Gordon Lightfoot. 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
Gordon Lightfoot 
- IfI Could Read Your Mine -- http://youtu.be/bAedY3NucEs 
- The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face -- httpjLyoutu.be/T5X8cn4zzA8 
- Sundown -- http://youtu.be/MOOs-MqDOIo
- Rainy Day People -- http://youtti.be/8qZvSqESv3Q 
- Affair on Eight Avenue -- httmthoutu.be/KTu UuoTgTQ 
- Softly -- httmayoutu.be/MRsIDopt6ew 
- Talking in Your Sleep -- http://youtu.be/VDfyWrwNtQE
- Song For a Winter Night -- http://youtu.be/ c-w
QSc 
- The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald -- httpijyoutu.be/UPSF2fyo 
- Carefree Highway -- httpilyoutu.be/Wa9XVvMtBVk 
- Summer Side of Life -- httmthroutu.be/S981VoHVI 
- Beautiful -- httpjjyoutu.be/JEJILYrtCp8
I hope that you have enjoyed this week's offerings and wish you 
a wonderful week. 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Panne/s. LLC 
US: 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Skv 
EFTA01132860

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132861.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth < 
Subject: Re: Aft Lavatory Faucet Water Flow 
Date: Sun, 27 Oct 2013 14:37:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: image008.jpg; image009jpg; image007jpg 
running, i need a stereo and gasper solution , asap 
On Sun, Oct 27, 2013 at 10:33 AM, Eric Roth  
I> wrote: 
Water should not "run" after the faucet handle (valve) is in the full closed position. 
This being said, is the water still "running" or "dripping"? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
www.intljet.com t-31
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey epstein [mailbo:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Sunday, October 27, 2013 9:49 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: 
After closing faucet water runs until stoping 10 seconds later 
EFTA01132861
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPad 
On Oct 27, 2013, at 8:19 AM, Eric Roth  
l> wrote: 
I put it back on the list. Please review with Lany or provide a little more description so that I can better 
understand what specifically you do not like about the water destructor we bought and installed 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
I intlj
On Oct 27, 2013, at 7:46 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
water restrictor in sink, does not work properly„ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA01132862
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01132863

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132864.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2014 18:46:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_3013.JPG 
EFTA01132864

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132865.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lvjet 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: B727 final invoice 
Date: Sun, 27 Oct 2013 15:39:34 +0000 
Attachments: B727invoice2013.xlsx 
Jeffrey, 
My comfort level for a hip around the world would be best answered after the Test flight. It would be best to accomplish some 
domestic flights before launching around the world trip, the Boeing has been sitting for the past 4+ years, except for several 
trips last year, March 2012 NY - Paris, November 2012 Paris - NY, NY - St Thomas, January 2013 St Thomas - PBI (we lost a 
Gyro on the last flight, if you remember.) 
Attached is the Final invoice for your review that must be paid in full before any test flight. Rich Kahn has questions in regards 
to this invoice I will address with him on Monday. 
thank you, 
Larry 
EFTA01132865

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132866.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01132866

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132867.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmad.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Oct 2013 13:19:29 +0000 
Attachments: dv.png 
On Mon, Oct 28, 2013 at 3:07 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
https://www.dvlottery.state.gov/ do it today 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Kind regards, 
EFTA01132867

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132868.pdf
----------------------------------------
Submission Confirmation: Entry Received 
Success! 
Your entry for the 2015 Diversity Visa Lottery program was received on Monday. October 28 2013 at 7 11 14 AM EST Please 
do NOT close this window until you have printed this confirmation page or made a record of your Confirmation Number 
Entrant Flame: 
Confirmation Number: 
Year of Birth: 
Digital Signature: CA221F8D7F25D0DE290A08093C0BA0A0DD63F691 
Thank you for your entry for the 2015 Diversity Visa Lottery 
EFTA01132868

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132869.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff <1 
Subject: Fwd: CONFIDENTIAL: HDMI 2.0 (resend) 
Date: Fri, 11 Oct 2013 12:29:04 +0000 
Scott Jermaine for zorro 
Forwarded message 
From: Joi Ito 
Date: Friday, October 11, 2013 
Subject: Fwd: CONFIDENTIAL: HDMI 2.0 (resend) 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeesierrtn> 
Do you want to put me in touch with your AV guy directly? 
- Joi 
Begin forwarded message: 
> From: "Peralta, Celeste Bess" <1 
> Subject: RE: CONFIDENTIAL: HDMI 2.0 (resend) 
> Date: October 10 2013 19:16:01 -0400 
> To: "'Joi Ito"' 
> Cc: "Tournoux, Joan" 
> Thank you, Joan! :) 
> Hi Joi, 
> I'll be happy to help you take care of all your Sony shopping and answer any Sony questions. As Phil has 
mentioned, the new 4K projector is being released in Nov. As your account manager at Concierge, I will keep 
you updated with the latest news. I'll be your go to person for all Sony products. I'll make shopping for Sony 
easy and seamless. One of the amenities of being a Concierge member is access to priority notification for all 
your Sony products. What that means to you is immediate notification to all the newest and hottest Sony 
products. You would be able to pre-order products - like PS4 and VPL-VW1100ES - and be first at line. 
> Are we upgrading a current projector? Where will this new projector be placed? Another amenity of being a 
Concierge member is access to our Sony installation team. The benefit to you is a personalized design and on-
site installation to create an enjoyable home entertainment experience. If you would like a consultation, I'd love 
to schedule it for you. It is a $99 fee, however it is returned back to you once we proceed with the installation. If 
you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. I look forward to hearing from you! :) 
> Best, 
> Celeste 
> Celeste Peralta 
> Personal VIP Shopper, Sony Concierge 
> Sony Concierge' 10250 Santa Monica Blvd, Los An eles, CA 90067 
> E-Mail:  
I Office: 
I Cell: 
EFTA01132869
--- PAGE 2 ---
> 
Original Message 
> From: Tournoux, Joan 
> Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2013 3:18 PM 
> To: 'Joi Ito' 
> Cc: Molyneux, Phil 
> Subject: RE: CONFIDENTIAL: HDMI 2.0 (resend) 
> Hello Joi, 
> Phil is tied up in meetings, but asked that I pass the following info on to you: 
> We announced our new projectors last month at CEDIA. http://blog.sony.com/pressicedia-2013/
> The two models are the VPL-VW1100ES and the VPL-VW600ES. Both are amazing projectors. Your 
specific room situation would determine which is the right model. A custom integrator can provide the best 
recommendation, and you also can always reach out to your Sony Cierge representative directly as well with any 
questions. 
> Celeste Peralta 
> Personal VIP Shopper, Sony Concierge 
> Sony Concierge' 10250 Santa Monica Blvd, Los An eles, CA 90067 
> E-Mail:  
I Office: 
I Cell: 
> If you should need anything else, please do not hesitate to let us know. 
> Kind regards, 
> Joan 
> Joan Toumoux 
> Office of the President 
> Sony Electronics Inc. 
> 16530 Via Esprillo, MZ: 1105, San Diego, CA 92127 Tel 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Joi Ito [mailto: 
> Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2013 10:50 AM 
> To: Molyneux, Phil 
> Subject: Re: CONFIDENTIAL: HDMI 2.0 (resend) 
> Hi Phil. Will you let me know when you announce their availability? 
> - Joi 
> On Aug 27, 2013, at 20:57 , "Molyneux, Phil"
» Hi Joi 
* Cell 
> wrote: 
* Fax 
EFTA01132870
--- PAGE 3 ---
>> No problem at all - 4K projectors will be available beginning of November, HDMI cables of today will work 
with the HDMI 2.0 spec no problem. 
» All the best 
» Phil 
» Phil Molyneux 
>> President & Chief Operating Officer 
>> Sony Electronics Inc. 
>> 16530 Via Es rillo, MZ: 1105, San Die o, CA 92127 Tel 
>> GSM 
Fax 
» Web: www.sony.com
>> Careers: www.sonyjobs.com 
>> 
Original Message-----
» From: Joi Ito [mailto: 
>> Sent: Monday, August 26, 2013 1:57 PM 
» To: Molyneux, Phil 
>> Subject: Re: CONFIDENTIAL: HDMI 2.0 (resend) 
>> Sony to keep bothering you, but do you have any rough ETA on the 4K projectors? I'm thinking of getting 
ready to buy them. Also, one question, is the wiring for HDMI2 the same as HDMI1? Can I start wiring the 
theater as if it were for the old projectors? 
» - Joi 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01132871
--- PAGE 4 ---
BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE 
Comment: GPGToo1s - http://gpgtools.org 
iQ&BAEBAgAGBQJSV9/TAAoJEOtQt7uGSNuJrn2oH/23z0UBejerAmwQ4lbuHDTEN 
BhPqKpqx9N6rinF5Kt5PnLXIcpaJwTjrTHb7yU4tz4q5GYKD+V5JbfLbyY2wF281Q 
RclyvprjgpFHOjwEOnZI0LgyEbgkuJP++nsonP/JjHPgWeGHUmzNCfweuHNchfdW 
YlbSdeDxDI2IwM+VLoQGrDMgPFdmuSruB+7arj/sgrfVGSdHgQM8FFcnu69wFXcG 
I VcceGU4AUS6IxU3Tgp8ZYSMrgl7D6VMh9rHER+GXINR44+CtW I fX5AsYzDFeOYL 
iYIppiTGKYjLwbbRoRxFn+TICR0/3hwCnewXEZPwT0DT3cSnL5v/E+zeaegmeu+I= 
=COju 
END PGP SIGNATURE 
EFTA01132872

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132873.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Shelley 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, II Oct 2013 15:39:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01132873

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132874.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2014 19:41:14 +0000 
Inline-Images: image010.jpg; image01 1.jpg; image012.jpg; image001.jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg 
How about 4:00pm this Thursday 11/20? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
I WWW.intlietEom 
4/
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, November 17, 2014 2:07 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: 
thurs 
On Mon, Nov 17, 2014 at 3:03 PM, Eric Roth  
> wrote: 
I can not open the attachment file....? 
I do not know if you are in Manhattan this week, but should you want to discuss in person, I am coming in to see Elie 
Weisel at the 92Ild street Y, I could meet you in the mid afternoon? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
T 
E
R 
I 
O 
R 
S 
I wvn.v.intljet.com 
fl
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmatl corn] 
Sent: Monday, November 17, 2014 1:41 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
thoughts, galley, bedroom cabin mgmt. 
EFTA01132874
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01132875

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132876.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Anthony Barrett 5 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Gab Barrett
Subject: Essays 
Date: Fri, 11 Oct 2013 19:23:44 +0000 
Attachments: gabriella_essays 
On Oct II, 2013, at 3:08 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
have her send in a word file format. needs lots of work 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Anthony Barrett 
Ossa Properties, Inc. 
301 East 66th St 
NY NY 10065 
EFTA01132876

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132877.pdf
----------------------------------------
1-
EFTA01132877

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132878.pdf
----------------------------------------
• vy 
EFTA01132878

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132879.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Importance: 
Attachments: 
Mark Tollison < 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmaiI.com> 
Report on Zorro Ranch 
Fri, 11 Oct 2013 22:05:46 +0000 
Normal 
Zorro_Ranch_Status_Report.doc; ZR_Payment_Requests_Pending_10.13.ods; 
ZR_OUTSTANDING_10.13ods.ods; ZR_ACCOUNT_BUDGET_2014.ods; 
ZDC_CAP_IMPROVEMENTS_2014.pdf; JE_Request_for_Payment.doc; 
Vendor_Proposal_Form.doc 
For your review, please find attached for Zorro Ranch: 
1. Status Report with Review and Recommendations 
2. Payment Requests Pending 
3. Paymnet Requests Outstanding that could us an explanation ( may have been paid out of sequence) 
4. Proposed 2014 Operating Budget 
5. Proposed 2014 Capital Expenditures listed (with costs to be determined as decided to move forward on) 
6. Proposed Form for our Onsite Managers to use for Receiving Vendor Proposals (for NYC Accounting) 
7. Proposed Form for our Onsie Managers to use for Requesting Payment for General Item Repairs, Purchases 
(for NYC Accounting) 
When you are back in NYC, perhaps I could have a few minutes to discuss with you. 
My apologies for all the docs. 
Best regards, 
Mark 
Mark Tollison 
The information contained in this e-mail is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the addressee(s) named above. If you ore not the intended recipient or the 
person responsible for delivering this confidential information to the intended recipient, you have received this information in error, and any review, use, dissemination, 
forwarding, printing, copying, or other distribution of this e-mail message and any attached files is strictly prohibited. The sender reserves the right to monitor any 
communication that is created, received, or sent on its network. if you have received this confidential communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
reply e-mail message and permanently delete the original communication. 
EFTA01132879
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01132880

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132881.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Zorro Ranch 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Mark Tollison a, 
Rich Kahn 
Klein 
Una Pascal 
Subject: ZDC_PROJECT_REPORT_ 101113 
Date: Fri, 11 Oct 2013 23:36:57 +0000 
Attachments: ZDC_PROJECT REPORT 101113.pdf; ZDC PRO_ 40 LOD LAN 101113.JPG; 
ZDC PRO 40 1.7OD LAN- 1 101113.JPG; ZI5C P1.O-40 LeD LAN 2 101113.JPG; 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
_ _ 
ZDC PRO_ 40 LOD LAN 3 101113.JPG; ZDC PRO 42 REF LV 10113.JPG; 
ZDC_PRO42- REF -LV 1-151113.JPG; ZDC_P12.O 4I 
LV 2- 101113.JPG; 
ZDC _ PRO_- 42_- REF_- LV_- 3_- 101113.JPG; ZDC_PRO-_42_- REF_- LV_- 4_- 101113.JPG 
Bella 
Good Evening, 
Attached updated Project Report and Photos 
If there are any questions or concerns please let us know 
Wannest regards 
Karen 
Z017'0 Develo ment Corp 
Ranch Mana er 
EFTA01132881

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132882.pdf
----------------------------------------
ri 1y 
EFTA01132882

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132883.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01132883

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132884.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01132884

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132885.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
.6 1 uY
EFTA01132885

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132886.pdf
----------------------------------------
40s * 4st, 
II a I 
I I 
• 
I Mi 
EFTA01132886

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132887.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01132887

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132888.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01132888

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132889.pdf
----------------------------------------
113
/4 71110$ 
EFTA01132889

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132890.pdf
----------------------------------------
14: 
ifki• 
! 
- , 
irti 
4*%11) 
EFTA01132890

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132891.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ICaryna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Want to go? 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 01:12:24 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-10-11_at_9.11.19_PM.png 
• 
SPOSY 
file 
EtIg 
VUIW 
Playback 
Window 
Helo 
Aponte.. 
d iglu. 
. 
*1444 
L4r/sy 
S
M
a
e
,
* %mall 
I 
.n) 
sonqlock 
Sons by Elton Jan 
Try O.-<e• 
Rouen MAI n Twat erste* 
Yo.: SON 
A 
Sae Nock And RAI 
Mass AA] Aw ott 
tni* 6 
Soc(dv PurnArn 
neoombir 2013 
Elton John 
moomon SWIM. GanSon 
An& VA, S 
.r. 
AY. US 
- and nap:' 
 0.1 Fell I I PAI Nan na 
Man fro•Seepun 
Tickets and more 
weaning contort* ' by bon JOhn 
CZ tor, John 
11.0somma- Gres 
On Pala 
tace John 
IT MAIO Cry Lmu 1..m IDs 
PA,C4Y Mt.° 
Itain.)6•:+a J1.•Att )4 
Awn* 
ESI 
Ott 
I might go 
Don John 
Coareenai Cases 
Plea 
Own Mtn 
moot Bow onto • Herb* 
Yea 
EFTA01132891

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132892.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Guy West < 
To: "Jeffrey E. (jeevacation(2gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Draft Agreement 
Date: Mon, 02 Feb 2015 23:31:19 +0000 
Attachments: Enstein_Draft_Agreement.pdf 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Attached is a draft agreement for the Little St. Thomas project. The property looks breathtaking and possesses great 
design opportunities. We are looking forward to our working relationship and are confident it will produce an 
outstanding result. 
If you need additional information, please do not hesitate to call. Thank you for your consideration. 
Sincerely, 
Guy West 
Guy E. West, Vice President 
Wallace E. Cunnin ham, Inc. 
P: 
F: 
E: 
EFTA01132892

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132893.pdf
----------------------------------------
'' 
••
•
4.41k. 
'1****Avesoci 
EFTA01132893

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132894.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 20:13:31 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01132894
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01132895
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01132896
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01132897
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01132898
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01132899

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132900.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 12 Oct 2013 20:13:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01132900
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01132901
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01132902
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01132903
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01132904
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01132905

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132906.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: vthestepaniffi
W, 
Paul Morris c 
Subject: Trade Report 3/7/14 [C] 
Date: Fri, 07 Mar 2014 21:10:03 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(I) 
>, 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Today you executed the following: 
B 3.100 GILD at $79.55 
Makes 8.100 share position ($644k) in total. 
Tazia 
PA 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Panien..*Perftron, 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01132906

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132907.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Amazon.com" <digital-no-reply@amazon.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeproject@yahoo.com> 
Subject: Amazon.com order of Family Wealth: Keeping It in the Family--How Family Members and 
Their Advisers Preserve Human, Intellectual, and Financial Assets for Generations 
(Bloomberg). 
Date: Sun, 13 Oct 2013 08:30:23 +0000 
2Amazon 
Kindle eBooks 
Your Account I Amazon.com 
Order Confirmation 
Order #D01-7805976-14 77733 
Hello Jeffrey Epstein, 
Thank you for shopping with us. All Kindle content, including books and Kindle active content, that you've 
purchased from the Kindle Store is stored in your Kindle library on Amazon.com. 
View and manage your books from your Kindle library. 
—alLange Your Kindle 
Order Details 
Order #D01-7805976-1477733 
Placed on Sunday, October 13, 2013 
Family Wealth: Keeping It in the Family--How Family 
$24.75 
Members and Their Advisers Preserve Human, 
Intellectual, and Financial Assets for Generations 
(Bloomberg) 
Kindle Edition 
Sold by Amazon Digital Services, Inc. 
Review this item 
Learn more about Kindle in Help. 
We hope to see you again soon! 
Amazon.com 
Item(s) Subtotal: 
$24.75 
Tax Collected: 
$0.00 
Grand Total: 
$24.75 
EFTA01132907
--- PAGE 2 ---
This email was sent from a notification•only address that cannot accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message. 
EFTA01132908

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132909.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bcc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Gregory Brown
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 10/13/2013 
Sun, 13 Oct 2013 08:43:33 +0000 
A_U.S._Default_Seen_as_Catastrophe_Dwarfing_Le_hmanlu2019s_Fall_Bloomberg_News 
October_6,2013.docx; 
What if Obamacare Is Popular Buffington Post October 6, 2013.docx; 
We_neecT_a debt-limit Tio-over
harles_Lane TV7P_OctolTer —7,2013.docx; 
Obamacareps_here.fiet_used_to_it„Eugene:Robinson_TWF_October_7„2013.docx; 
Do_Politicians_Care_lfThey_Get_Caught_Lying_Molly_Ball_The_Atlantic_October_8,2 
013.docx; 
New_Corporate_Tax_Shelter,_A_Merger_Abroad_David_Gelles_NYT_October_8,_20 13 .d 
ocx; 
32_Republicans_Who_Caused_the_Govemment_Shutdown_The_Atlantic_October_4,2013 
.docx; Sister_Rosetta_Tharpe_bio.docx 
image.png; image(1).png; image(2).png; image(3).png; image(4).png; image(5).png; 
image(6).png; image(7).png; image(8).png 
DEAR FRIEND 
This week's government shutdown has consequences for all of us. Besides the real pain that the loss of 
jobs and services are costing workers and average Americans, it is also costing an estimated $300 
million each day that the government is closed for business. As Bill Moyers pointed out last weekend, 
"when the president refused to buckle to this extortion, they threw their tantrum 
 Like the die-
hards of the racist South a century and a half ago, who would destroy the union before giving up 
their slaves, so would these people burn down the place, sink the ship." He goes on to tell us where 
the "reckless ambition" of the Republicans could lead us. 
Bill Moyers Essay: On the Sabotage of Democracy 
EFTA01132909
--- PAGE 2 ---
And now to the people who refuse to let democracy work. The people who hate government so much 
they've shut it down. Unable to abide by the results of democracy when they don't win, they turned on 
it. Republicans have now lost three successive elections to control the Senate and they've lost the last 
two presidential elections. Nonetheless, they fought tooth and nail to kill President Obama's health 
care initiative. They lost that fight, but with the corporate wing of Democrats, they managed to bend it 
toward private interests. 
So we should be clear on this, Obamacare, as its known, is deeply flawed. Big subsidies to the health 
insurance industry. A bonanza for lobbyists. No public option. And as The New York Times 
reported this week, "Millions of Poor Are Left Uncovered by Health Law." Largely because states 
controlled by Republicans refuse to expand Medicaid. As far as our bought and paid for legislative 
process goes, Obama's initiative made it through the sausage factory. Yet even after both the House 
and Senate approved it, the president signed it, and the Supreme Court upheld it, the Republicans 
keep insisting on calling the law a "bill," thumbing their noses and refusing to accept that it is enacted 
legislation. 
Now they're fighting to prevent it from being implemented. Here was their order of the day on 
Thursday from the popular right wing blog RedState.com: "Congressmen, this is about shutting down 
Obamacare. Democrats keep talking about our refusal to compromise. They don't realize our 
compromise is defunding Obamacare. We actually want to repeal it. This is it. Our endgame is to 
leave the whole thing shut down until the President defunds Obamacare. And if he does not defund 
Obamacare, we leave the whole thing shut down." 
Once upon a time when I was a young man working on Capitol Hill, it was commonplace that when a 
bill became law, everybody was unhappy with it. But you didn't bring down the government just 
because it wasn't perfect. You argue and fight and vote and then, due process having been at least 
raggedly served, on to the next fight. That was a long time ago. Long before the Tea Party minority, 
armed with huge sums of secret money from rich donors, sucked the last bit of soul from the Grand 
Old Party of Abraham Lincoln. They became delusional. Then rabid. Like this: 
It was also Newt Gingrich, speaker Gingrich, who was caught lying to congressional investigators 
looking into charges of his ethical wrongdoing. His colleagues voted overwhelmingly, 395 to 28, to 
reprimand him. Pressure from his own party then prompted him to resign. Yet even after his flame 
out, even after his recent bizarre race for the presidency bankrolled with money from admiring 
oligarchs, even after new allegations about his secret fundraising for right-wing candidates, Gingrich 
remains the darling of a fawning amnesic media. 
NEWT GINGRICH on Crossfire: I'm Newt Gingrich on the right. 
EFTA01132910
--- PAGE 3 ---
BILL MOYERS: On CNN.com the other day he issued a call to arms to his fellow bomb-throwers, "... 
don't cave on shutdown." 
At least let's name this for what it is, sabotage of the democratic process. Secession by another means. 
And let's be clear about where such reckless ambition leads. As surely as night must follow day, the 
alternative to democracy is worse. 
Congressional House Majority Leader, John Boehner and Republican conservative hard-liners are 
trying to Republicans have offered to restore funding on a piece-by-piece basis that would pay some of 
those workers and treat some of those patients. The president has said no. But why, CBS White House 
Correspondent Mark ICnoller asked at the press conference today. Obama responded that while he's 
"certainly tempted" to take up the GOP offers, he didn't want to fund slivers of the government, one at 
a time. On the one hand, funding the discretionary budget bit by bit spares the most headline-y victims 
and lessens the pain of shutdown. On the other hand, the piecemeal approach ... well, spares the most 
headline-y victims and lessens the pain of shutdown, prolonging the crisis, itself. 
So, depending on how you look at it, the piecemeal approach is both a plan to fund government as 
soon as possible and a plan to leave government unfunded as long as possible. There is a graph for 
this, of course. Michael Linden counts up the six piecemeal non-defense appropriations bills passed by 
the House (and unsigned by the president) and the eight other bills the House wants to pass in the 
coming weeks. "Together, these 14 bills allocate approximately $83.1 billion in funding," Linden 
writes. That would leave 82 percent of the $470 billion non-defense discretionary government 
unfunded. 
FIGURE 1 
Piecemeal approach to government funding is impractical and irresponsible 
Nondefense appropriations, by bill passed or under consideration 
Remaining unfunded functions 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
National Institutes of Health 
Border security 
Head Start 
Indian Affairs, Education, and Health 
Special Supplemental Nutrition Program 
for Women, infants, and Children 
Federal Emergency Management Agency 
National parks and museums 
Veterans' benefits 
Food and Drug Administration 
impact Aid 
National Weather Servke 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 
Consumer Product Safety Commission 
In other words (and colors), Obama wants to fund the whole pie above. The GOP, which would like to 
pair government funding with Obamacare's defunding or delay, is asking him to fund the blue slices 
only. The White House's logic is that passing the blue stuff makes it more likely that we go even longer 
without the larger, redder part of the pie. As Derek Thompson pointed out this week in The Atlantic —
This isn't three-dimensional chess, exactly. It's not even chess. It's just a radical wing of the 
Republican party exerting on House members while holding the rest of government hostage. 
EFTA01132911
--- PAGE 4 ---
Meanwhile, the list of casualties deepens: the roads, the patients, the kids, the border, the veterans, 
the economic data, the product-safety inspections ... 
TED 
Ideas worth 
spreading 
As many of you may know, I am a huge fan of TED - TED is a nonprofit devoted to Ideas Worth 
Spreading. It started out in 1984 as a conference bringing together people from three worlds: 
Technology, Entertainment, Design. Since then its scope has become ever broader. Along with 
two annual conferences -- the TED Conference and TEDGlobal -- TED includes the award-
winning TED Talks video site, the Open Translation Project and TED Conversations, the 
inspiring TED Fellows and TEDx programs, and the annual TED Prize. TED conferences bring 
together the world's most fascinating thinkers and doers, who are challenged to give the talk of their 
lives (in 18 minutes or less). On TED.com, we make the best talks and performances from TED and 
partners available to the world, for free. More than 15oo TED Talks are now available, with more 
added each week. All of the talks are subtitled in English, and many in other languages, too. These 
videos are released under a Creative Commons BY-NC-ND license, so they can be freely shared 
and reposted. TED's mission: Spreading ideas. 
Last month author Chrystia Freeland looked under the hood of global capitalism to expose the 
technological, economic and structural inequalities pushing society in unforeseen directions. Along the 
way, she takes the temperature of a rising caste -- the super rich -- and shows how the creation of vast 
fortunes at the top hollow out the middle class in western industrialized countries. This rising income 
inequality, she argued, has a structural character, and is becoming a cultural and social issue, with 
consequences for social cohesion and social mobility. Freeland began her career as an "accidental 
journalist" with frontline bulletins from the Ukraine in the heat of the Soviet collapse. She is now an 
editor at Thomson Reuters, and is frequently featured on media outlets ranging from the 
International Herald Tribune to The Colbert Report. 
I invite you to look at Chrystia Freeland's recent TED Talk - The rise of the new global 
super-rich 
Web Link: 
http://www.ted.com/talks/chrystia fieeland the rise of the new global super rich.html 
EFTA01132912
--- PAGE 5 ---
One of the most important economic fact of our time is that we are living in an age of surging income 
inequality, particularly between those at the very top and everyone else. This shift is the most striking 
in the U.S. and in the U.K., but it's a global phenomenon. It's happening in communist China, in 
formerly communist Russia, it's happening in India and our neighbor Canada. We're even seeing it in 
cozy social democracies like Sweden, Finland and Germany. Let me give you a few numbers to place 
what's happening. In the 1970s, the One Percent accounted for about 10 percent of the national 
income in the United States. Today, their share has more than doubled to above 20 percent. 
But what's even more striking is what's happening at the very tippy top of the income distribution. The 
0.1 percent in the U.S. today account for more than eight percent of the national income. They are 
where the One Percent was 3o years ago. Let me give you another number to put that in perspective, 
and this is a figure that was calculated in 2005 by Robert Reich, the Secretary of Labor in the Clinton 
administration. Reich took the wealth of two admittedly very rich men, Bill Gates and Warren Buffett, 
and he found that it was equivalent to the wealth of the bottom 4o percent of the U.S. population, 120 
million people. 
As it happens, Warren Buffett is not only himself a plutocrat, he is one of the most astute observers of 
that phenomenon, and he has his own favorite number. Buffett likes to point out that in 1992, the 
combined wealth of the people on the Forbes 400 list -- and this is the list of the 400 richest 
Americans -- was 3oo billion dollars. Just think about it. You didn't even need to be a billionaire to get 
on that list in 1992. Well, today, that figure has more than quintupled to 1.7 trillion, and I probably 
don't need to tell you that we haven't seen anything similar happen to the middle class, whose wealth 
has stagnated if not actually decreased. 
We often hear pundits describe these mega-rich as job makers, when the truth is that the consolidation 
of wealth has produced the exactly the opposite. Take the number of $1.7 trillion divide by 400 people 
and consider how many homes and cars will they buy next year. Maybe, a thousand homes and many 
four or five thousand cars. Then imagine that if you spread this same $1.7 trillion, giving a million 
people a million dollars and consider how many more homes and cars would they buy.... Maybe a 
million homes and five or more million cars 
And this phenomenon/economic driver created the 
dynamic economic growth in the 1970s, 6os and 7os due to the burgeoning Middle Class. 
Due to the economic policies that shifted in favor of the rich, that was described as trickle-down 
economics, wealth is consolidating in fewer and fewer hands, creating a global plutocracy, that we've 
been slow to notice it. One of the reasons, I think, is a sort of boiled frog phenomenon. Changes which 
are slow and gradual can be hard to notice even if their ultimate impact is quite dramatic. Think about 
what happened, after all, to the poor frog. But I think there's something else going on. Talking about 
income inequality, even if you're not on the Forbes 400 list, can make us feel uncomfortable. It feels 
less positive, less optimistic, to talk about how the pie is sliced than to think about how to make the pie 
bigger. And if you do happen to be on the Forbes 400 list, talking about income distribution, and 
inevitably its cousin, income redistribution, can be downright threatening. As a result we're living in 
the age of surging income inequality, especially at the topo. What's driving it, and what can we do 
about it? 
One set of causes is political: lower taxes, deregulation, particularly of financial services, privatization, 
weaker legal protections for trade unions, all of these have contributed to more and more income going 
to the very, very top. A lot of these political factors can be broadly lumped under the category of 
"crony capitalism," political changes that benefit a group of well-connected insiders but don't actually 
do much good for the rest of us. In practice, getting rid of crony capitalism is incredibly difficult. 
Think of all the years reformers of various stripes have tried to get rid of corruption in Russia, for 
instance, or how hard it is to re-regulate the banks even after the most profound financial crisis since 
the Great Depression, or even how difficult it is to get the big multinational companies, including those 
whose motto might be "don't do evil," to pay taxes at a rate even approaching that paid by the middle 
class. But while getting rid of crony capitalism in practice is really, really hard, at least intellectually, 
it's an easy problem. After all, no one is actually in favor of crony capitalism. Indeed, this is one of 
those rare issues that unites the left and the right. A critique of crony capitalism is as central to the Tea 
Party as it is to Occupy Wall Street. 
EFTA01132913
--- PAGE 6 ---
While it's pretty easy to see how globalization and the technology revolution are creating this global 
plutocracy, what's a lot harder is figuring out what to think about it. And that's because, in contrast 
with crony capitalism, so much of what globalization and the technology revolution have done is highly 
positive. Let's start with technology. I love the Internet. I love my mobile devices. I'm even more of a 
fan of globalization. This is the transformation which has lifted hundreds of millions of the world's 
poorest people out of poverty and into the middle class, and if you happen to live in the rich part of the 
world, it's made many new products affordable -- who do you think built your iPhone? — and things 
that we've relied on for a long time much cheaper. Think of your dishwasher or your t-shirt. So what 
is not to like: 
One of the things that worries Freeland and others is how easily what you might call meritocratic 
plutocracy can become crony plutocracy. Imagine you're a brilliant entrepreneur who has successfully 
sold that idea or that product to the global billions and become a billionaire in the process. It gets 
tempting at that point to use your economic nous to manipulate the rules of the global political 
economy in your own favor. And that's no mere hypothetical example. Think about Amazon, Apple, 
Google, Starbucks. These are among the world's most admired, most beloved, most innovative 
companies. They also happen to be particularly adept at working the international tax system so as to 
lower their tax bill very, very significantly. And why stop at just playing the global political and 
economic system as it exists to your own maximum advantage? Once you have the tremendous 
economic power that we're seeing at the very, very top of the income distribution and the political 
power that inevitably entails, it becomes tempting as well to start trying to change the rules of the 
game in your own favor. Again, this is no mere hypothetical. It's what the Russian oligarchs did in 
creating the sale-of-the-century privatization of Russia's natural resources. It's one way of describing 
what happened with deregulation of the financial services in the U.S. and the U.K. 
A second thing to worry about is how easily meritocratic plutocracy can become aristocracy. One way 
of describing the plutocrats is as alpha geeks, and they are people who are acutely aware of how 
important highly sophisticated analytical and quantitative skills are in today's economy. That's why 
they are spending unprecedented time and resources educating their own children. The middle class is 
spending more on schooling too, but in the global educational arms race that starts at nursery school 
and ends at Harvard, Stanford or MIT, the 99 percent is increasingly outgunned by the One Percent. 
The result is something that economists Alan Krueger and Miles Corak call the Great Gatsby Curve. 
As income inequality increases, social mobility decreases. The plutocracy may be a meritocracy, but 
increasingly you have to be born on the top rung of the ladder to even take part in that race. 
The third thing, is the extent to which those same largely positive forces which are driving the rise of 
the global plutocracy also happen to be hollowing out the middle class in Western industrialized 
economies. Let's start with technology. Those same forces that are creating billionaires are also 
devouring many traditional middle-class jobs. When's the last time you used a travel agent? And in 
contrast with the industrial revolution, the titans of our new economy aren't creating that many new 
jobs. T wenty years ago, AT&T had 330,000 employees while today Facebook fewer than to,000. The 
same is true of globalization. For all that it is raising hundreds of millions of people out of poverty in 
the emerging markets, it's also outsourcing a lot of jobs from the developed Western economies. 
Freeland - The terrifying reality is that there is no economic rule which automatically translates 
increased economic growth into widely shared prosperity. That's shown in what I consider to be the 
most scary economic statistic of our time. Since the late 1990s, increases in productivity have been 
decoupled from increases in wages and employment. That means that our countries are getting richer, 
our companies are getting more efficient, but we're not creating more jobs and we're not paying 
people, as a whole, more. 
One scary conclusion you could draw from all of this is to worry about structural unemployment. 
What worries me more is a different nightmare scenario. After all, in a totally free labor market, we 
could find jobs for pretty much everyone. The dystopia that worries me is a universe in which a few 
geniuses invent Google and its ilk and the rest of us are employed giving them massages. 
So when I get really depressed about all of this, I comfort myself in thinking about the Industrial 
Revolution. After all, for all its grim, satanic mills, it worked out pretty well, didn't it? After all, all of 
us here are richer, healthier, taller -- well, there are a few exceptions — and live longer than our 
ancestors in the early igth century. But it's important to remember that before we learned how to 
EFTA01132914
--- PAGE 7 ---
share the fruits of the Industrial Revolution with the broad swathes of society, we had to go through 
two depressions, the Great Depression of the 1930s, the Long Depression of the 187os, two world 
wars, communist revolutions in Russia and in China, and an era of tremendous social and political 
upheaval in the West. We also, not coincidentally, went through an era of tremendous social and 
political inventions. We created the modem welfare state. We created public education. We created 
public health care. We created public pensions. We created unions. 
Today, we are living through an era of economic transformation comparable in its scale and its scope 
to the Industrial Revolution. To be sure that this new economy benefits us all and not just the 
plutocrats, we need to embark on an era of comparably ambitious social and political change. We 
need a new New Deal. 
*no* 
This week in The Huffington Post, Lynn Andriani wrote - 5 Things Wealthy People Don't 
Do - You don't have to be a millionaire to steal these ideas about work, retirement and even getting 
up in the morning. 
1. They Don't Retire When Everyone Else Does 
The average age for Americans to stop working is now 61, according to a recent Gallup poll, up from 59 
ten years ago and 57 in the early 1990s. But America's highest earners -- i.e., those with the biggest 
savings -- don't plan on retiring until they're at least 70, another new survey shows. Almost half of 
those people, who make $75,000 or more a year, say they plan to keep working because they want to. 
Granted, this group holds white-collar jobs that aren't physically taxing -- but the "never quit" concept 
is one that almost anyone can embrace. Stepping down to a less stressful position, or shifting to part-
time work can put you farther ahead, savings-wise, when you do decide to retire. Because although you 
can start collecting Social Security anytime from ages 62 to 70, the later you start, the bigger your 
benefit. This article gives some useful guidelines for deciding when to begin. 
2. They Don't Wake Up At 6 a.m. And Answer Emails 
You're no doubt aware that the highest achievers are up earlier than most people: The National Sleep 
Foundation says most 3o- to 45-year-olds get out of bed at 6 a.m. on a typical weekday morning, while 
this Guardian article shows that many CEOs of major companies wake closer to 5. You may not know, 
though, what those leaders are doing with the extra hour. Laura Vanderkam's new book What the Most 
Successful People Do Before Breakfast gives plenty of concrete examples (and none of them involves 
catching up on Facebook). For instance: A businesswoman knows she could spend her early-morning 
hour cleaning out her in-box, but since that's a job she can do in 5-minute breaks during the day, she 
devotes the alone time to making real, uninterrupted headway on a project that she's decided is a top 
priority for her -- and that will have clear career benefits, teeing her up for a promotion or other 
advancement. 
3. They Don't Ignore Job Offers For Lateral Moves 
While many top earners keep an eye out for their next career move, they're not always looking to move 
up. They're often looking to make lateral moves, says Amanda Augustine, job-search expert at 
TheLadders.com, which originally began as a job-search site for people earning Ahoo,000 and more 
(they've since expanded to all salaries). This group is willing to move horizontally, or even to take a 
step down, Augustine says, if there is a future opportunity to move up and take on an even better role. 
Employees at every level can learn from this behavior, she says. Making a sideways career change 
(either within your company or to a new one with a similar title, pay and responsibility) can also be 
worth it if your industry is contracting and the new job is in a field that's growing, or if you'll be saving 
money with a shorter commute or cheaper parking, or getting better benefits, whether insurance- or 
retirement-related. 
4. They Don't Buy When They Can Rent 
It's the American dream to own a home, but don't assume that everyone who can purchase a home 
does. The five-year rule (if you're not going to live in a home for five years, don't buy it) is back, says 
EFTA01132915
--- PAGE 8 ---
Trulia's real-estate and lifestyle expert, Michael Corbett, who is also the host of Extra's Mansions and 
Millionaires. Renting is more popular than ever, he says, even among the wealthy. While it once made 
sense for people who could afford it to buy a home and flip it after two years, and the market has 
improved moderately this year, we're hardly in a boom. This article by economist Robert J. Shiller 
explains that attitudes toward renting are starting to change; 61 percent of Americans in a recent 
MacArthur Foundation survey agreed that, "for the most part, renters can be just as successful as 
owners at achieving the American dream." 
5. They Don't Buy Without First Comparison Shopping 
Chances are, if you're reading this here, you're likely also shopping online (8o percent of people who 
use the Internet have bought something by clicking). But wealthy shoppers are getting more shipping 
confirmation emails than others: According to a recent report by Martini Media and comScore, in the 
first quarter of this year, affluent shoppers were 47 percent more likely than buyers earning less than 
$100,000 annually to purchase something online. Just as interestingly, wealthy online shoppers aren't 
visiting luxury destinations as much as they're visiting sites with mid-level pricing (think Macy's). We 
know shopping online greatly lowers the likelihood of an impulse buy, but another major money-
saving reason to buy from home is that you can easily do price comparisons. Plus, new apps such as 
Slice will even send you alerts when the price on an item you've purchased online drops so you can get 
a refund. 
******* 
Whether you are a fan, Jon Stewart is a master of satirical irony and the current government shutdown 
by Conservative Congressional Republicans has provided an abundance of material for humorist like 
Steward, Bill Mather and late night television. To better understand how ridiculous the Republican 
defense of their thoughtless and silly action of shutting down the federal government please watch the 
videos of Jon Stewart calling them out on this issue. 
Jon Stewart Calls Out Republicans For Not 
Owning The Shutdown: 'Don't Fart And Point At 
The Do 
Comedy Ce n t r. 
Web Link: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/20B/10/09/jon-stewart-calls-out-republicans_n_4069528.html? 
utm hp_ref—mostpopular 
In this short clip from the opening of Tuesday's "Daily Show," Jon Stewart vows to not talk about the 
shutdown... except for that one little bit about the Republicans saying they aren't responsible for it. In 
a cathartic moment that most of us can appreciate, Stewart calls bullsht after rolling a clip of Speaker 
John Boehner admitting that he had made a deal with Harry Reid that he then broke: "Look, you 
think Obamacare's a big enough threat to this country that you need to shut down the government 
over it, fine. Own it. Don't fart and point at the dog." 
EFTA01132916
--- PAGE 9 ---
Jon Stewart Goes Off On 'Bipartisan Curious' 
Republicans Who Won't Come Out Against The 
Shutdown 
Web Link: http:i/www.huffingtonpost.coin/2013/10/10/jon-stewart-bipartisan-curious-
republicans_n_4076799.html 
As the government shutdown continues, we keep hearing about those moderate Republicans in the 
House who would vote for a dean continuing resolution, if only Speaker Boehner would allow a vote. 
Jon Stewart wonders, however, if there are so many of them, why don't they force the issue? Watch 
above as he and Al Madrigal discuss the "bipartisan curious" Republicans who care more about 
keeping their government paychecks than everyone else getting theirs. 
Death of the Dream 
With the recent calamity of the Government Shutdown and the looming debt ceiling fight, one thing 
has become crystal dear: we are witnessing the Death of the American Dream. 
In the past we believed all things were possible, there was absolutely nothing that Americans couldn't 
accomplish. In the '60s, President Kennedy said we would put a man on the moon by the end of the 
decade and few doubted the possibilities. After all, America was always capable of great and glorious 
accomplishments. 
We were the Dreamers. It was instilled in the American psyche, American ingenuity. We led the world 
in research, medical or scientific, our engineering feats astounding the world. We had a government 
that participated, encouraged, and supported this mighty economic engine. We had a middle class that 
was the envy of the world. Things were good, but they would even be better in the future. Our 
education system supported all economic classes, and we had fluid upward mobility. We made the 
impossible possible. 
When the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, the Naval Marshal General Yamamoto is rumored to have 
said, "I fear all we have done is awaken a sleeping giant." And he was right. Within three years we built 
the strongest, most advanced military on the face of the earth. 
We believed in Democracy, in fairness. We believed in our Government. We disagreed, argued, but we 
never doubted our form of Government, or the Government itself. Now a harsh reality sweeps the land. 
Our precious form of government is dying. Democracy is dying. A minority can now control the 
majority. Fanaticism that we thought applied to less progressive countries is now homegrown. In the 
past we didn't always agree, but we accepted laws that were passed as the law of the land. We might 
fight to overturn some legislation within the halls of Congress, but a minority never took it upon 
themselves to deprive millions of Americans their jobs, stopping their ability to earn a wage. Never 
were we this destructive because a minority was opposed to a piece of legislation. And so our 
Democracy grinds to a halt. 
We might get past the debt ceiling crisis, the government shutdown, but the future of America is clear. 
We are no longer the wonder of the world. We exposed our ignorance, our ugly insensitivity. We are a 
petty people with a government that has ceased to function. The great achievements are part of 
yesterday. The future is a dark place. 
We have proven a Democracy is a fragile form of government. And we have shown the world how easy 
it is to kill it. 
EFTA01132917
--- PAGE 10 ---
Barry Levinson -- Buffington Post op-ed 10/11/2013 
We have to ask, if Conservatives truly believe in American Exceptionalism, then why are 
the Republicans trying so hard to kill its government and it. 
For the Republican Conservatives in Congress and their supporters who put the purity of ideology over 
logic and prudence, suggesting that forcing the current government shutdown to stop Obamacare as 
their way of saving America is both the height of hypocrisy and disastrous government policy. And 
trying to blackmail the President of the United States into killing his signature achievement that now 
give tens of millions of Americans access to affordable healthcare as a way of making his, a failed 
Presidency has one of the largest Congressional blunders since the 2002 Authorization for Use of 
Military Force Against Iraq Resolution, closely follow by the previous government shutdown 
spearheaded by House Speaker, Newt Gingrich and the Republicans in 1995 with both being 
universally acknowledged super blunders. Let this past week's newspaper/magazine headlines speak 
for themselves. 
DEFAULT OVER 'SURRENDER' Boehner Gives Up The Game.. 'Too Embarrassed To Defend His 
Extortion Demands'... Investors Flee U.S. Treasury Bills... OBAMA STANDS FIRM: Won't 'Pay 
Ransom'... 'We Can't Make Extortion A Routine Part Of Our Democracy'... REPUBLICANS REJECT 
REALITY, Say Default Might Not Be That Bad!... Economic Confidence Tumbles... Worst Drop Since 
Lehman Collapse... THEN: 130 Republicans In Congress Raised Debt Ceiling For Bush... NOW: Debt 
'Truthers' Risk Financial Destruction... LATEST UPDATES... BLINK: Boehner Pushes 6-Week Debt 
Hike...Won't Say What GOP Wants... MIGHT NOT HAVE THE VOTES... White House: No Budget 
Talks Ill Shutdown Extortion Ends, Too... POLL: GOP Hits Record Low... Taliban Mocks U.S. 'Sucking 
The Blood Of Their Own People' LATEST UPDATES... 
Now these same hypocrites are asking for compromise, suggesting that they are willing to support a six 
week funding and debt ceiling extension, with the caveat that the White House support repealing the 
2.3% excise tax on sales of medical devices in the Affordable Healthcare Act, which is a straight $30 
billion giveaway to the Medical Device Industry and their lobbyist, which later this week Sen. Susan 
Collins (R-Maine) proposed a six months extension. Whether it be six weeks or six months, would any 
sensible person or management group run a business this way. I urge the President demand that 
whatever is agreed — that it be for at least one year so that Congressional leaders in both major 
political parties make the structural changes so that this dysfunctionality does not happen again. This 
is not about winners and losers 
Its about adults working together to make the best decisions that 
they can for the American people 
THIS WEEK's READINGS 
In an article in BusinessWeek, Yahman Onaran wrote — A U.S. Default Seen as Catastrophe 
Dwarfing Lehman's Fall - that a U.S. government default, which is just weeks away 
if Congress fails to raise the government's debt ceiling (as it is threaten to do) will be an economic 
calamity like noe the world has ever seen, dwarfing the collapse of Lehman Brothers five years ago 
which caused the largest global financial disaster in recent history. 
Failure by the world's largest borrower to pay its debt -- unprecedented in modern history -- will 
devastate stock markets from Brazil to Zurich, halt a $5 trillion lending mechanism for investors who 
rely on Treasuries, blow up borrowing costs for billions of people and companies, ravage the dollar and 
throw the U.S. and world economies into a recession that probably would become a depression. 
Among the dozens of money managers, economists, bankers, traders and former government officials 
interviewed for this story, few view a U.S. default as anything but a financial apocalypse. 
The $12 trillion of outstanding government debt is 23 times the $517 billion Lehman owed when it 
filed for bankruptcy on Sept. 15, 2008. As politicians butt heads over raising the debt ceiling, 
EFTA01132918
--- PAGE 11 ---
executives from Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s Warren Buffett to Goldman Sachs Group Inc.'s Lloyd C. 
Blankfein have warned that going over the edge would be catastrophic. 
"If it were to occur -- and it's a big if -- one would expect a series of legal triggers, potentially 
transmitting the default to many other markets," said Mohamed El-Erian, chief executive officer of 
Pacific Investment Management Co., the world's largest fixed-income manager. "All this would add to 
the headwinds facing economic growth. It would also undermine the role of the U.S. in the world 
economy." 
While a short-lived default might be fixed without major damage to the global economy, the markets 
might forgive us, but if the government misses an interest payment by two days, four days, six days, 
that's a different story. During the final days of Lehman Brothers, Wall Street firms set up war rooms 
to chart the potential impact of the firm's demise and prepare strategies to cope with the 
consequences. Their scenarios, which focused on credit-default swaps, didn't forecast the contagion 
that quickly spread after the bankruptcy. 
Today, many banks are preparing contingency plans for a possible U.S. default, such as stocking retail 
branches with more cash, the New York Times reported last week. Those preparations might prove 
useless once again. The problem is that nobody knows what would happen if there were a default 
because the reality is there's never been even a technical default in the U.S. Therefore, the danger is 
that everyone is flying blind with the hard liners in Congress making the rest of us play Russian 
roulette, unless they get their way. 
In The Huffington Post this week, Robert Kuttner wrote an article asking — What if 
Obamacare Is Popular? - As it is beginning to look as if the Republican effort to hold the rest of 
the government hostage for the sacking of the Affordable Care Act just might backfire, big time. For 
starters, the effort has elicited something long missing on the part of this president -- some spine. 
Ever since he stepped into the Rose Garden on October 1 to warn the Republicans that he simply 
wasn't prepared to negotiate while the government was shut down and default on the debt was 
threatened, we've seen a much tougher Obama. The split in the Republicans, meanwhile, continues to 
widen, with an ever-increasing backlash among party professionals against the nihilism of Ted Cruz 
and company. Poor John Boehner tacks back and forth between frantically trying to hold his coalition 
together and signaling that he'd be willing to suspend the Hastert Rule and allow pragmatic 
Republicans vote with Democrats to keep the government open. 
Public opinion seems to be moving against the Republicans. The question is no longer whether they 
will continue their suicidal gambit but when they will cave and on what terms. Weirdly, by threatening 
to shut the government unless Obama killed the Affordable Care act, they got the opposite of what they 
sought. The rest of the government is closed, and Obamacare is open for business. And, while 
Republicans and movement conservatives have spent the better part of a year demonizing Obama's 
health reform, the more people become familiar with it, the more people will appreciate it -- leaving 
the Republican alarmism with no clothes. In that regard, the president and his strategists would do 
well to change one core piece of their rhetoric. In his Rose Garden remarks, the president said this: 
Now, of course, if you're one of the 85 percent of Americans who already have health insurance, you 
don't need to do a thing. You're already benefiting from new benefits and protections that have been 
in place for some time under this law. But for the 15 percent of Americans who don't have health 
insurance, this opportunity is life-changing. In fact, that's profoundly wrong, and weakens the 
president's case. The statistically accurate contention that 85 percent of people will have no change in 
their insurance is a throwback to the early days of the health reform debate, when focus groups 
suggested that people who had employer-provided insurance and liked it needed to be reassured. But 
a lot has changed since then. Employer coverage is eroding. People who lose jobs or change jobs 
typically lose their insurance. COBRA protection paid entirely by the former worker is only a 
temporary and largely unaffordable stopgap. 
EFTA01132919
--- PAGE 12 ---
The fact is that the Affordable Care Act helps a lot more the 15 percent of the population. Young adults 
with no employer-provided insurance (and their parents) already know how valuable Obamacare is, 
for allowing people under age 26 to stay on their parents' insurance. People without jobs and at risk of 
losing jobs are also coming to value the Affordable Care Act. There is an analogy here with the 
revolution in broad acceptance of sexual diversity. As more and more gays and lesbians came out, 
straight people were initially shocked, then surprisingly accepting, as they realized that they had a 
friend, co-worker, neighbor, or family member who turned out to be gay. As more and more people 
sign up for affordable insurance thanks to Obama Care, many Americans who have insurance (and 
many who are worried about losing it) will hear heart-rending firsthand stories about friends, 
colleagues and relatives with medical worries, who finally get insurance. That coalition is a lot more 
than 15 percent. 
Many of these people, incidentally, are in red states, where the percentage of the uninsured tends to be 
far higher than the national average. In several such states, Republican governors have broken ranks 
and signed their states up for the provision of the Affordable Care Act that has the Federal government 
finance nearly all the costs of expanded Medicaid. No wonder the Republicans are so desperate to kill 
Obamacare in utero. The more it takes effect, the more their hysteria will be proven to be a phony. By 
2014, when the Republican House majority will present itself for re-election, the Affordable Care Act 
could be quite popular. What then? President Obama, increasingly, finds himself in the chips. Let's 
see if this time he can resist the impulse to fold a winning hand. 
******* 
Almost everyone in Government will tell you that the country's debt should be a serious concern and 
not raising the debt ceiling could be catastrophic — additionally the United States has experienced 
many periods of crippling partisan conflict in Congress as well as bouts of heavy national 
indebtedness. But seldom, if ever, experienced both simultaneously. And being the richest country on 
the planet is the reason why Treasury securities have come to be regarded as "risk-free," safe enough 
to use as reserves in banks — and central banks — around the world. Now, though, the government's 
publicly held debt exceeds 70 percent of gross domestic product, Congress is more polarized than it 
has been since the 19th century, and both conditions are likely to persist. This state of affairs makes 
the impasse over extending the debt limit especially fateful. 
But how did we get here? Between 1789 and 1917, the federal government's debt wasn't much of an 
issue at home or abroad. As Anita Krishnakumar showed in a 2005 article for the Harvard Journal 
on Legislation, the U.S. government was small and generally went into debt only to pay for wars, or 
when recession temporarily dried up tax revenue. Each time, Congress voted on specific bond issues. 
The understanding that debt was temporary blunted partisan resistance; once the crises passed, 
government reverted to balanced budgets or surpluses. It was not until global military conflict reached 
America's shores, in the form of World War I, that Congress felt obliged to end the practice of separate 
votes on each war-related bond issue. The result was the debt-ceiling law, which was supposed to 
constrain indebtedness without the need for constant votes. 
But just a decade after the Great War came the Depression, followed by World War II and then the 
Cold War. The net effect was a large national debt that ebbed and flowed but never disappeared. The 
permanent debt was accompanied by a new, and seemingly permanent, consensus that accepted a 
large national security establishment — to prevent a repeat of global war — and a large government 
role in the economy to protect against macroeconomic vicissitudes. Debt-limit laws regularly passed, 
more or less eventfully, but without anything like today's drama. Indeed, 1917 marked a new dawn of 
relatively low partisan conflict in U.S. politics, and it lasted through the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, 
according to an authoritative analysis of congressional voting data by political scientist Keith Poole. In 
that time, the United States experienced a civil rights revolution, Vietnam and Watergate, yet its basic 
political stability remained so axiomatic that investors literally banked on it. 
Now, of course, the partisan comity that Poole documented has broken down. Why — whether 
because the Cold War no longer provides a common enemy or because selfish ideologues 
gerrymandered themselves into safe congressional seats — hardly matters. Neither the "war on 
EFTA01132920
--- PAGE 13 ---
terror" nor the Great Recession rekindled national unity, as many once expected. To the contrary, they 
spawned new divisions that the political parties have rushed to exploit. Republicans deserve most of 
the blame for the current crisis since they permitted a small faction of ultras to precipitate it in a 
mindless, futile bid to "defund Obamacare." But while GOP factionalism and extremism caused the 
present predicament, they are also symptoms of a wider breakdown in national consensus that must be 
addressed if we are to reassure the global economy about long-term creditworthiness. 
Reforming the debt-limit law is one place to start. It has its virtues, chief among them the power to 
periodically focus the nation's attention on its accumulated debt burden, which, though related, is a 
separate issue from the annual level of spending, taxes and borrowing. Alas, the law was crafted in a 
different era, before U.S. debts were so large, and our ability to service them so crucial to the world's 
well-being. Our politicians were not so easily frightened into voting against a debt increase — or so 
easily tempted to partisan blackmail. 
We need a new debt-limit law for a new era of permanent debt and permanent partisan conflict. 
Ideally, a reformed procedure would preserve the law's power to focus Congress on accumulated debt 
while removing, or minimizing, incentives to delay passage, and thus usurp presidential power. There 
should still be votes, but less frequently and with as little as possible at stake each time. One way to 
achieve this would be to exclude from the debt limit Treasury debt held by the Federal Reserve or trust 
funds such as Social Security and Medicare, as ICrishnakumar has suggested. What's really relevant to 
the government's credit is not how much it owes itself but how much it owes foreign governments, 
banks, pension funds and others — about $10 trillion of the current $16.7 trillion debt. As Charles 
Lane pointed out this week in The Washington Post titled — We need a debt-limit do-over —
and there is no better time to do it. 
One of the greatest successes in Medicine in the 1950s and 1960s was for all intents the eradication of 
Polio which was a highly contagious virus that struck rich and poor alike, including our 32nd President, 
Franklin Delano Roosevelt and my elementary schoolmate in Mount Vernon, New York, Robert 
(Bobby) Burns. Leading this assault against polio and other diseases is the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention (CDC) which is trying to manage a partial shutdown at an institution where nearly 
everything is ultimately a matter of life or death. And the longer it goes, the more complex it is. What 
isn't an imminent threat to health on Day Four is on Day 10. As of now, eight of 10 global disease 
detection centers — the field offices where outbreaks are identified and countered — are closed. No 
processing of blood samples for parasitic diseases is taking place. No testing of counterfeit malaria 
medicines. 
Fortunately, the CDC's polio eradication effort has been largely exempted from the shutdown. It is 
part of one of the most ambitious medical enterprises in history — attempting to eliminate a highly 
contagious virus from the wild. This has been achieved only twice before, with smallpox and 
rinderpest. The end of polio transmission is a few hundred yearly cases away. Even a brief pause would 
risk losing ground. Poliovirus — which destroys neuron cells controlling swallowing, breathing and the 
use of limbs — was once a source of seasonal panic in the United States. Epidemics (usually arriving in 
summer) sometimes caused states to close their borders, with inspectors demanding certificates of 
health for children younger than 16. American infections peaked at nearly 58,000 in 1952. (Sen. Mitch 
McConnell and Rep. Steve Cohen were both infected as children.) As late as 2004, dozens of 
Americans still lived in iron lungs. 
But the use of the Salk and Sabin vaccines has chased the virus across the planet. The last American 
infections were in 1979 (among Amish who resisted vaccination). This was also the year that Rotary 
International started a campaign to eliminate polio transmission in the Philippines, beginning a global 
eradication movement that now includes the World Health Organization, UNICEF, the Gates 
Foundation and the CDC. In 1999, type 2 poliovirus (of three types) was eliminated in the wild. India 
has been polio-free since 2011- an important proof of concept. (If polio can be eliminated in 
northern India — with its dense population and poor sanitary conditions — it can be defeated 
anywhere.) 
EFTA01132921
--- PAGE 14 ---
More than 99 percent of poliovirus transmission has been stopped over the past few decades. But the 
final bit is the hardest. In 2011, an independent review panel questioned whether the opportunity for 
polio eradication was being squandered. It lit a fire under the movement. Partners increased their 
commitments. Thomas Frieden (Director of the CDC) moved his effort into the CDC's Emergency 
Operations Center — a high-tech amphitheater in which the disease is minutely tracked in maps and 
charts. 
There are two regions where wild polio transmission has never been eradicated: in the tribal areas 
along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border and in northern Nigeria. In Afghanistan, efforts by the 
ministry of health have been innovative and successful. There have been only six cases so far this year, 
all of which (when the CDC examined the genetic fingerprints of the viruses) originated in Pakistan. In 
Pakistan, infections are largely confined to North Waziristan, where the local Taliban commander has 
banned vaccination. In Nigeria, th e government has recently improved the management of its 
program and infections are down. But the terrorist group Boko Haram — which rejects everything 
Western, including vaccines and education — is suspected of being responsible for the murders of 
nine polio workers this year. Polio is a killer that finds allies among killers. 
Now a virus originating in Nigeria has caused an outbreak in Somalia, which has spread some cases to 
Kenya and Ethiopia. Health authorities in Mogadishu responded with surprising celerity, beginning 
immunizations four days after the first reported illness. But the problem persists in less-populated 
areas controlled by the jihadist group al-Shabab. Somalia, which has ended polio transmission twice 
before, must do it a third time. 
Polio eradication is an enterprise now conducted at the frontiers of medicine and war — introducing 
vaccination into places that have never seen Western medicine and sometimes requiring negotiations 
with warlords and militias. In some places, the challenge is management; in others, security. The 
complexity can be frustrating. "It is like finishing a marathon," one CDC expert told journalist 
Michael Gerson from The Washington Post, "and being told you have an extra mile to run." But 
these are struggles near the finish line of a landmark scientific achievement. And for those who doubt 
that any purpose of government can be essential, the daring, humane work of the CDC is a corrective. 
As Eugene Robinson wrote this week in an op-ed this week in The Washington Post —
Obamacare is here. Get used to it. - And there is no turning back 
As Robinson pointed out 
the point of no return was reached when millions of people crashed the Web sites of the new 
Affordable Care Act exchanges while trying to buy health insurance. Republicans can fight rear-guard 
battles if they want, but last Tuesday they lost the war. All they can do at this point is harm the nation 
— and their political prospects. And even if or when the GOP captures the presidency and both houses 
of Congress, President Obama's health-care law could be altered or even repealed. But it most likely 
will be replaced by some new program that does the same thing, because there is no politically viable 
way to snatch away the medical insurance that customers are buying through the exchanges. And as 
soon as the glitches are cleared up and everyone becomes a bit less hysterical, the question will be how 
to obtain coverage for as many as 3o million people who will still be uninsured — including upwards 
of 8 million ineligible for Obamacare because of a sabotage campaign by Republican governors. 
Look at Texas, which the state medical association calls "the uninsured capital of the United States." 
An estimated 22.5 percent of the population lacks health insurance, a higher percentage than in any 
other state. Many will remain uninsured because Gov. Rick Perry — a once and perhaps future GOP 
candidate for president — refused to set up a state insurance exchange and turned down billions in 
federal funds to expand Medicaid coverage. Rejection of Obamacare may be popular in Texas now. 
But demographic trends are making the Lone Star State's electorate more diverse, as the Latino 
population grows, and less reliably Republican. Small businesses that cannot afford to offer health 
insurance may soon worry about losing employees to states offering better coverage for the working 
poor through local exchanges and expanded Medicaid. Time is on the side of those who want to 
expand coverage, not those who want to restrict it. 
EFTA01132922
--- PAGE 15 ---
Like Robinson, I am sure that conservative leaders will continue riling up the base with the untrue 
charge that Obamacare is "government health care." But it is nothing of the sort. Obama decided at 
the outset not to push for a government-run health system, such as those in Britain and Canada, or a 
single-payer system of any kind. Because, all of Obamacare's insurance plans are offered by private 
firms — the same companies that also provide employer-sponsored insurance. Disappointing his 
liberal supporters, Obama declined to include even a single public, government-run health plan. All 
the apocalyptic right-wing rhetoric about socialism and the end of freedom is nothing but hot air. 
Soon, no one will take it seriously. 
Those who are genuinely worried about the cost of a new entitlement should have their concerns taken 
seriously. But if money is the overriding issue, the obvious thing to do is go further and adopt a truly 
universal system like those in other industrialized countries. The United States spends nearly 18 
percent of its gross domestic product on health care, more than any other nation. France, Germany 
and Japan, to cite three countries with universal health care, spend between 9 percent and 12 percent 
of GDP on health — and obtain health outcomes at least as good as ours. Someday, fiscal conservatives 
will acknowledge those numbers. For now, we are stuck with a fee-for-service health-care system that 
is perhaps the most wasteful in the world. Critics of Obamacare seem not to understand that the vast 
numbers of uninsured Americans — about 15 percent of the population — contribute heavily to the 
system's inefficiencies. 
Again as Robinson points out, today we provide care for these people, but we do it in the dumbest way 
imaginable. Since they can't afford to see a doctor regularly, treatable health problems and chronic 
conditions worsen. When ailments become acute, the uninsured go to hospital emergency moms —
the most expensive way to receive care. The uninsured cannot pay their bills — medical costs are the 
biggest single cause of personal bankruptcy — so they are passed on to the rest of us in the form of 
higher health insurance premiums. Families USA, a nonpartisan health care advocacy group, 
estimated that in 2010 an average family in Texas paid an extra $2f786 in premiums to cover care for 
the uninsured. Are you listening, Gov. Perry? Medicare guaranteed health care for the elderly, 
Medicaid for the poor. Obamacare begins to fill the remaining gaps. It will get better over time, but 
already — crashing Web sites and all — it's a beautiful thing. As such, Republican opponents better 
get on board, and if they want to do anything try to find ways of making it better. 
****** 
EFTA01132923
--- PAGE 16 ---
Do facts matter in politics? The cynic says not. Politicians seem to lie with impunity, brushing off 
the disapproval of the press; voters cocooned in ideology will believe anything that reaffirms their 
worldview and ignore anything that contradicts it. Lawmakers like Michele Bachmann, the Minnesota 
congresswoman notorious for her estrangement from the truth, keep getting elected. When a 
presidential nominee's pollster declares, "We're not going to let our campaign be dictated by fact-
checkers," would-be referees seem helpless to set the record straight. With a picture of former 
Presidential candidate and the poster person for stretching the truth (lying), Michelle Bachmann this 
week in The Atlantic journalist Molly Ball wrote the article - Do Politicians Care If They Get 
Caught Lying? - A study suggests lawmakers are less likely to make false statements when they 
know fact-checkers are monitoring them. 
A couple of political scientists, Brendan Nyhan of Dartmouth and Jason Reifler of the University of 
Exeter, recently set out to test this despairing view with a field experiment. Their findings suggest it's 
not so hopeless after all: Politicians actually do seem to care whether they get caught lying, and they lie 
less when they know they're being watched. During last year's election, Nyhan and Reifler picked 
nearly 1,200 state legislators in states with active affiliates of PolitiFact, the nonpartisan website 
based in Florida that seeks to evaluate politicians' claims and rate their validity. To one-third of the 
lawmakers, chosen at random, Nyhan and Reifler sent a vaguely threatening letter. It alerted the 
lawmakers that PolitiFact was monitoring them and speculated about the potential consequences to 
their careers: 
Politicians who lie put their reputations and careers at risk, but only when those lies are exposed. 
That's why we are especially interested in the consequences of PolitiFact verdicts and other fact-
checking efforts in your state. Here are examples of the types of questions we are interested in: 
• Are yalse" or `pants on fire" verdicts damaging to the reputation or political support of political 
candidates? 
• Do election campaigns use `false" or "pants offire” verdicts in their advertising to attack their 
opponents? 
• Will state legislators lose their seats as a result of fact-checkers revealing that they made a false 
statement? 
Another one-third of the legislators got a "placebo" letter: It told them they were part of a political-
science experiment "studying the accuracy of the political statements made by legislators," but no 
more. (The purpose of this was to distinguish between the potential effect of getting any letter at all 
and the effect of the wording of the treatment letter.) The final one-third got no letter. At the end of 
the election, the researchers looked at the politicians' record. How many had been called out for lying, 
either by their state's PolitiFact affiliate or in a news story? The results were impressive: The 
politicians who didn't get reminder letters were more than twice as likely to be criticized for inaccuracy 
than those who did. "Our results indicate that state legislators who were sent letters about the threat 
posed by fact-checkers were less likely to have their claims questioned as misleading or inaccurate 
during the fall campaign — a promising sign for journalistic monitoring in democratic societies," the 
researchers concluded. 
The effect of the letters was significant, but the number of legislators who got caught lying was 
strikingly small: just 21 in the control and placebo groups (2.7 percent) and four in the group that got 
the reminder letters (1 percent). The researchers had chosen to focus on state legislative races because 
there are so many of them and because they probably rely more on media coverage, and less on paid 
advertising, than bigger, better-funded campaigns. But it turns out PolitiFact doesn't pay much 
attention to state legislative races, either. In two of the states, Florida and Virginia, PolitiFact didn't 
evaluate any statements by state legislators at all, possibly because both states had active Senate and 
presidential contests. In New Jersey, five of the seven ratings issued were of a single lawmaker, state 
Senator Joseph Kyrillos, who was running for U.S. Senate against Bob Menendez. Kyrillos, who lost, 
got one 'false" rating, two "mostly falses," one "half true" and one "mostly true." 
EFTA01132924
--- PAGE 17 ---
The results, however limited, do suggest that politicians are more likely to watch their facts when 
they're threatened in advance with having their statements vetted. But the really interesting questions 
are the ones posed by Nyhan and Reifler's treatment letter. Do candidates' reputations suffer when 
they're shamed for fudging facts? When opponents turn these ratings into attacks, do candidates lose 
elections as a result? 
Those are harder questions for political science to parse, Nyhan told me. "The problem is the lack of 
experimental control," he said. "If we had a way to randomly assign fact-checks, we could see if 
politicians got a lower share of the vote, but absent that, it's hard to rule out the possibility that any 
differences in vote share we observe are the result of the selection process used by the fact-checkers 
(e.g., targeting competitive races)." By asking suggestive questions, the researchers implied the 
politicians would suffer at the polls for their lies, but that hasn't been proven. 
Bachmann, who unsuccessfully sought her party's presidential nomination last year, has long been a 
favorite target of fact-checkers. For years, she boasted a PolitiFact record that was perfect in its way: 
Every statement of hers the website checked rated either "false" or "pants on fire." Once, at a debate in 
Iowa, she boasted, "PolitiFact came out and said that everything I said was true." PolitiFact, which 
had done no such thing, rated that statement "pants on fire." Finally, on the 23rd try, Bachmann got 
her first "true," but it was a rare exception. By the time she announced her retirement in May, 
PolitiFact had evaluated 59 of her statements; 75 percent of them were "mostly false," "false," or 
"pants on fire." 
But Bachmann did seem to pay a price for her record of factlessness. National news outlets ran articles 
on her tendency to err; her opponents aired ads highlighting it. In 2012, she very nearly lost reelection 
despite representing the most Republican-heavy district in Minnesota, and she decided to retire rather 
than face voters again. Fact-checkers alone certainly didn't end Bachmann's career, but it's hard to 
imagine they didn't play a role. When she announced she was stepping down, PolitiFact ran an 
article commemorating its long relationship with her, seeming almost to mourn its favorite target. But 
the article ended on a hopeful note: "Bachmann isn't leaving immediately, however," it noted, "so we 
will keep the Truth-O-Meter turned on." 
EFTA01132925
--- PAGE 18 ---
There is a new corporate trend to reduce and evade taxes which journalist David Gelles outlined in an 
article this week in the New York Times - New Corporate Tax Shelter: A Merger Abroad. 
As an example he articles uses executives at a California chip maker, Applied Materials, highlighted a 
number of advantages in announcing a merger recently with a smaller Japanese rival, but an 
important one was barely mentioned: lower taxes. The merged company will save millions of dollars a 
year by moving — not to one side of the Pacific or the other, but by reincorporating in the 
Netherlands. From New York to Silicon Valley, more and more large American corporations are 
reducing their tax bill by buying a foreign company and effectively renouncing their United States 
citizenship. "It's almost like the holy grail," said Andrew M. Short, a partner in the tax department of 
Paul Hastings, which advises a number of American corporations on deals. "We spend all of our time 
working for multinationals, thinking about how we're going to expand their business internationally 
and keep the taxation of those activities offshore," he added. 
Reincorporating in low-tax havens like Bermuda, the Cayman Islands or Ireland — known as 
"inversions" — has been going on for decades. But as regulation has made the process more onerous 
over the years, companies can no longer simply open a new office abroad or move to a country where 
they already do substantial business. Instead, most inversions today are achieved through 
multibillion-dollar cross-border mergers and acquisitions. Robert Willens, a corporate tax adviser, 
estimates there have been about 50 inversions over all. Of those, 20 occurred in the last year and a 
half, and most of those were done through mergers. When Applied Materials announced its deal for 
Tokyo Electron, it said that its effective tax rate would drop to 17 percent from 22 percent as a result. 
For a company that had nearly $2 billion in profit in 2011, that amounts to savings of about $loo 
million a year. 
Last year, the Eaton Corporation, a power management company from Cleveland, acquired Cooper 
Industries, based in Ireland, for $13 billion, and reincorporated there. The company expects to save 
$160 million a year as a result of the move. In July, Omnicom, the large New York advertising group, 
agreed to merge with Publicis Groupe, its French rival, in a $35 billion deal. The new company will be 
based in the Netherlands, resulting in savings of about $8o million a year. Also in July, Perrigo, a 
pharmaceutical company from Allegan, Mich., said it would acquire Elan, an Irish drug company, for 
$6.7 billion. Perrigo will also reincorporate in Ireland, bringing its effective tax rate to 17 percent from 
EFTA01132926
--- PAGE 19 ---
3o percent, and saving the company an estimated $150 million a year, much of it in taxes. Ireland's 
12.5 percent corporate tax rate is a big draw for some companies. Earlier in the year, Actavis, based in 
Parsippany, N.J., bought Warner Chilcott, a drug maker with headquarters in Dublin, and said it 
would reincorporate in Ireland, leading to an estimated $150 million in savings over two years. 
"These companies are doing the math and seeing they can save a couple hundred million dollars by 
doing this," said Martin A. Sullivan, chief economist at Tax Analysts, a nonprofit group that publishes 
analysis about global taxes. But the small fortunes saved by inverted companies amounts to billions in 
revenue not collected by Washington. "The impact in any one year may not be material, but the 
cumulative impact over time adds up," said J. Richard Harvey, professor at the Villanova University 
School of Law. "Over time, more multinationals may want to expatriate or invert, and we could wake 
up in 10 or 20 years and it might be a meaningful number." 
The first corporate inversion occurred more than 3o years ago, when McDermott Inc., an oil and gas 
company, moved to Panama in 1982. Twelve years later, Helen of Troy, which makes household goods 
like blow dryers, reincorporated in Bermuda. Both those inversions got the attention of the Internal 
Revenue Service, which enacted rules intended to stem the outflow of corporate tax dollars from the 
United States. But the regulations were largely ineffectual and did not stop another wave of inversions 
from taking place in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Tyco went to Bermuda in 1997 to lower its tax 
bill. A year later, Fruit of the Loom moved to the Cayman Islands. And in 2001, Ingersoll-Rand 
reincorporated in Bermuda. 
In 2002 that flurry caught the attention of Congress, and Senators Charles E. Grassley and Max 
Baucus proposed legislation to further curtail inversions. "These corporate expatriations aren't 
illegal," Mr. Grassley said in 2002. "But they're sure immoral." The Jobs Creation Act of 2004 
included a provision that made it more difficult to invert, stating that companies that did so must have 
substantial business activity in the country where they reincorporate. Still, companies again found a 
way. In 2009, Ensco, a Dallas-based oil services company, reincorporated in London. The Internal 
Revenue Service tried to clamp down further, saying that "substantial business activity" means a 
company must have 25 percent of assets, income and employees in the country where it moves its legal 
domicile, unless other conditions are met. 
Now, after these successive rounds of legislation and rule tightening, the only effective way for an 
American company to invert is by increasing foreign ownership of its stock to more than 20 percent. 
And the only feasible way to do that is by reincorporating abroad as part of a merger or acquisition. 
EFTA01132927
--- PAGE 20 ---
After the political scrutiny last decade, companies that invert are loath to say they are doing so for tax 
reasons. When Aon, the giant insurance broker, moved to London from Chicago, it denied that it was 
doing so for tax purposes. But in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the company 
highlighted its tax savings. "You don't want anybody to think you're doing these deals for tax reasons. 
They don't want a spotlight on it," Mr. Sullivan of Tax Analysts said. "That's like the kiss of death." 
Indeed, few mergers are consummated solely to lower a company's tax bill. "You're not going to do a 
merger just to get the company offshore," said Stephen E. Shay, professor at Harvard Law School. 
"This should be an opportunistic benefit on top of a strategic rationale." Many companies that have 
recently moved their domicile for tax reasons have chosen European countries with low tax rates, like 
Ireland and the Netherlands, rather than be tarred by relocating to Bermuda or a Caribbean tax 
haven. In moving to Europe, companies are looking to avoid the scrutiny brought on by moving to 
such obvious tax shelters, and take advantage of the more favorable business conditions in countries 
like Ireland, which also has a highly skilled work force. 
Once inverted, companies save money through three main techniques. First, they do not have to pay 
the United States statutory tax rate of 35 percent on their worldwide earnings. That alone can amount 
to tens of millions in savings each year. Many companies already get around this by keeping cash from 
foreign sales abroad. But inverted companies are free to use this cash without paying the steep 
repatriation tax faced by American companies. Finally, multinationals that invert have an easier time 
achieving "earnings stripping," a tax maneuver in which an American subsidiary is loaded up with debt 
to offset domestic earnings, lowering the effective tax rate paid on sales in the United States. 
The savings can be huge. Mr. Sullivan of Tax Analysts found that four oil services companies that 
inverted had saved $4 billion in taxes over the course of a decade. One of those companies, 
Transocean, the owner of the Deepwater Horizon platform that exploded in the Gulf of Mexico, saved 
$1.9 billion. 
There are signs that the Obama administration and Congress may try to tighten the rules again. Both 
the House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee are working on draft 
legislation for comprehensive tax reform that is expected to include new rules intended to curtail 
inversions while also trying to make the United States a more competitive place for multinationals to 
call home. "There are real financial benefits, and that creates a motivation for management to look for 
opportunistic opportunities," Professor Shay said. "It's not going to change until the law changes." 
This week in The Atlantic — Svati Kirsten Narula, Ryan Jacobs, and Judith Ohikuare — 32 
Republicans Who Caused the Government Shutdown — identifying the surprising small 
number of members in Congress that have managed to bring Washington to a halt. Just months ago, 
Speaker John Boehner was warning that forcing the government to shut down over Obamacare or 
anything else was politically hazardous. Yet Boehner remains stuck, his strategy dictated by a small 
rump of members in the Republican caucus who refuse to budge. On Monday night, as government 
funding ran out, a group of around 40 hardline conservatives refused to support any resolution to fund 
the government that didn't defund Obamacare. Since Monday night, their goals may have become less 
clear, but their resolve has not weakened. While it's widely believed that a "clean" resolution would 
pass the House handily, it would also likely lead to a right-wing rebellion in the caucus that would spell 
the end of Boehner's speakership. So who are those hardliners? To compile this list, they started with 
a roster that the Senate Conservatives Fund, a group aligned with Ted Cruz, created of representatives 
who were allied with them. They then cross-checked it with the list of members who signed an August 
letter by Rep. Mark Meadows demanding that Boehner use a shutdown as a threat to defund 
Obamacare, and against other public statements this week. Although it's not a comprehensive roll —
there's no official "wacko bird" caucus that keeps a register — but it's a window into the small but 
powerful group of men and women in the House of Representatives who brought the federal 
government to a standstill. 
See list below, attached article or this website: httplhvww.theatlantic.com/politics/print/2013/10/32-republicans-
who-caused-the-govemment-shutdown/280236/ 
EFTA01132928
--- PAGE 21 ---
Representative: Justin Amash - Home District: Grand Rapids, Michigan 
Quoted: "President Obama and Senator Reid refuse to negotiate over giving regular Americans the 
same breaks they give themselves, government workers, and big business." 
Representative: Michele Bachmann - Home District: Stillwater, Minnesota 
Quoted: "This is about the happiest I've seen members in a long time because we've seen we're 
starting to win this dialogue on a national level." 
Representative: Marsha Blackburn - Home District: Brentwood, Tennessee 
Quoted: "There is some good news out of the shutdown, the EPA can't issue new regulations." 
Representative: Mo Brooks - Home District: Huntsville, Alabama 
Quoted: "America survived the last 17 government shutdowns." 
Representative: Paul Broun - Home District: Athens, Georgia 
Quoted: "(The Democrats] need to look in the mirror, because they're the ones to blame. They're the 
ones that shut the government down." 
Representative: John Carter - Home District: Round Rock, Texas 
Quoted: "We must postpone this overreaching and damaging law that I believe will bankrupt the 
hard-working every day American." 
Representative: John Culberson - Home District: Houston, Texas 
Quoted: 'The whole room [said]: 'Let's vote!' I said, like 9/11, 'Let's roll!" 
Representative: Ron DeSantis - Home District: Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida 
Quoted: "It is a simple issue offairness: Members of Congress, their staff, and the political elite 
should not be given special relieffrom the harmful effects of Obamacare while the rest of America is 
left holding the bag." 
Representative: Scott DesJarlais - Home District: Jasper, Tennessee 
Quoted: "I remain committed in refusing to vote for any proposal that funds the president's health-
care law, and I call upon my colleagues to join me. A temporary government shutdown pales in 
comparison to the long-term negative consequences that Obamacare will impose on our economy 
and our healthcare system." 
Representative: Jeff Duncan - Home District: Laurens, South Carolina 
Quoted: "I believe Obamacare has shut down America, so I'd rather shut down the government than 
continue doing what we're doing, which is penalizing businesses and families in this country." 
Representative: John Fleming - Home District: Minden, Louisiana 
Quoted: 'This is what my constituents send me here for. This does underscore just how serious we 
are and how serious our constituents are about putting an end to Obamacare." 
Representative: Scott Garrett - Home District: Wantange Township, New Jersey 
EFTA01132929
--- PAGE 22 ---
Quoted: "I am deeply disappointed that President Obama and the Senate refused to come to the 
negotiation table and failed to fund the federal government." 
Representative: Phil Gingrey — Home District: Marietta, Georgia 
Quoted: "A majority of Americans think Obamacare will make health care in our country worse, and 
they're right. House Republicans are listening to the American people, and I urge Harry Reid and 
Senate Democrats to do the same." 
Representative: Louie Gohmert — Home District: Tyler, Texas 
Quoted: "There are just so many broken promises that we need to slow this train wreck, this 
nightmare. It's time to put the skids on this thing and slow it down before more people get hurt." 
Representative: Tom Graves - Home District: Ranger, Georgia 
Quoted: "House GOP is united around a very reasonable policy: POTUS should give families the 
same Obamacare delay he gave to businesses." 
Representative: Vicky Hartzler - Home District: Harrisonville, Missouri 
Quoted: "The American people have spoken already on this: They do not want Obamacare .... It is 
hurting people." 
Representative: Tim Huelskamp - Home District: Fowler, Kansas 
Quoted: "Most Americans realize the government shutdown has no impact on their daily life. They 
got their mail today; they're going to get their Social Security check." 
Representative: Jim Jordan - Home District: Urbana, Ohio 
Quoted: "We have to get something on Obamacare, because that — if you want to get this country on 
a fiscal path to balance, you cannot let an entitlement of this size that will truly bankrupt the country 
and, more importantly, one that's not going to help Americans with their health care, you can't let 
this happen. " 
Representative: Steve King — Home District: Kiron, Iowa 
Quoted: "The American people have rejected Obamacare. The president is willing to put all of that 
on the line to save his namesake legislation, which I think would go down in history as the largest 
political tantrum ever." 
Representative: Raul Labrador — Home District: Eagle, Idaho 
Quoted: To Chris Matthews of MSNBC: 'You know, your boss, Tip O'Neill, shut down the 
government 12 different times. And you didn't call him a terrorist." 
Representative: Tom Massie - Home District: Garrison, Kentucky 
Quoted: "It's just not that big of a deal." 
Representative: Tom McClintock — Home District: Elk Grove, California 
Quoted: In response to Harry Reid calling Tea Partiers "anarchists": "When the other guy starts 
calling you names, you know that you're winning the debate, and you know that he knows you're 
winning the debate." 
Representative: Mark Meadows — Home District: Cashier, North Carolina 
EFTA01132930
--- PAGE 23 ---
Quoted: "James Madison wrote in Federalist No. 58 that 'the power over the purse may, in fact, be 
regarded as the most complete and effectual weapon .. . for obtaining redress of every grievance."' 
Representative: Randy Neugebauer — Home District: Lubbock, Texas 
Quoted: "We get tons of mail and E-mails and phone calls. And overwhelmingly, those phone calls 
say, 'Congressman, do everything you can to get rid of this very onerous piece of legislation. We 
don't want the government running our health care.' And so, from my perspective, we're doing the 
people's work here." 
Representative: Matt Salmon — Home District: Mesa, Arizona 
Quoted: "I was here during the government shutdown in 1995. It was a divided government. We 
had a Democrat president of the United States. We had a Republican Congress. And I believe that 
that government shutdown actually gave us the impetus, as we went forward, to push toward some 
real serious compromise." 
Representative: Mark Sanford — Home District: Charleston, South Carolina 
Quoted: "Our society has been held together for over 200 years in no small part due to the belief that 
our system was fair or equitable, yet the implementation of the Affordable Care Act has been 
anything but that." 
Representative: Steve Scalise — Home District: Jefferson, Louisiana 
Quoted: "Either Obamacare is good enough that it should apply to all or it is so bad that it should 
apply to none. It is time for the sweetheart deals and backroom exemptions to end." 
Representative: Dave Schweikert — Home District: Fountain Hills, Arizona 
Quoted: "I know it's not comfortable for a lot of people here, but this is how it's supposed to work. It's 
supposed to be cantankerous. It's supposed to be this constant grinding." 
Representative: Steve Stockman — Home District: Clear Lake, Texas 
Quoted: "Americans want Congress to do two things, work together on our national fiscal crisis and 
stop Obamacare. It's time Congress started listening to them." 
Representative: Marlin Stutzman — Home District: Howe, Indiana 
Quoted: "We aren't going to be disrespected. We have to get something out of this. And I don't 
know what that even is." 
Representative: Randy Weber — Home District: Pearland, Texas 
Quoted: "When the Democrats passed [Obamacare] over 6o percent of America's wishes three years 
ago, they began this government shutdown." 
Representative: Ted Yoho — Home District: Gainesville, Florida 
Quoted: "It only takes one with passion — look at Rosa Parks, Lech Walesa, Martin Luther King." 
The G.O.P. claims to be the party particularly concerned by budget deficits, couching their opposition 
to Obamacare as governance. Yet its tantrum caused a government shutdown that cost the country 
$1.6 billion last week alone. As for the debt limit, the costs of missing that deadline could be infinitely 
greater. Already, interest rates are spiking for one-month Treasury bills to their highest levels since the 
2008 financial crisis. The Bipartisan Policy Center, a think tank, calculates that the 2011 debt-ceiling 
confrontation will, over a decade, cost American taxpayers an extra $18.9 billion. And that was the 
EFTA01132931
--- PAGE 24 ---
price tag for a crisis in which the debt-limit deadline was eventually met. If this deadline is missed, the 
costs in higher interest rates in the years ahead will be billions more. In spite of their claims the above 
politicians are unwilling to pay for early childhood education, but they're O.K. with paying untold 
billions for a government shutdown and debt-limit crisis? That's not governance, but extremism. 
Think about it, for Ted Yoho to equate Conservative Republicans shutting down the US government 
over legislation that will and already is providing previously denied access to affordable healthcare to 
tens of millions of Americans by invoking Rosa Parks, Lech Walesa, Martin Luther King is ludicrous. 
But then I am sure that these same politicians question the overwhelming science behind man-
made climate change, while at the same time supporting the teaching of creationism in our schools and 
stifling stronger gun control legislation. SHAME ON THEM 
because in the dialog is the pain that 
their obstruction is inflicting on ordinary Americans and the country as a whole.... 
THIS WEEK's QUOTE 
There are two or three things that we haven't been able to confront or even acknowledge politically. 
One is that the aim of the Industrial Revolution from year one has been to replace people with 
technology. So it's a little contemptible to hear these people express in surprise at this late date that 
we have an unemployment problem. The other thing that we're having trouble confronting and both 
sides are having trouble to confront it publicly and speak of it, is the disaster of being governed by the 
corporations. 
WENDELL BERRY 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
This week I am profiling the music of Sister Rosetta Tharpe, born on March 20, 1915 in Cotton Plant, 
Arkansas, United States and died October 9, 1973. Credited by many as the person who invented Rock 
& Roll, she was an American singer, songwriter and recorder artist who started out as a gospel star in 
the 3os, but soon started to mix in blues and jazz influences during her performances. Pretty 
outrageously for a God-fearing gospel singer, Rosetta thought nothing of performing in nightclubs 
EFTA01132932
--- PAGE 25 ---
surrounded by half naked showgirls. This, unsurprisingly, pissed off some of her more religious fans, 
but led to her being an inspiration for everyone from Elvis to Johnny Cash and Aretha Franklin to the 
Noisettes. Her song "Strange Things Happening Every Day"has been called the first rock and roll 
record. A pioneer of twentieth-century music, Tharpe attained great popularity in the 1930s and 1940s 
with her gospel recordings that were a unique mixture of spiritual lyrics, Blues and rhythmic/early 
rock accompaniment. She became gospel music's first crossover artist and its first great recording star, 
referred to later as "the original soul sister". Again 
she was an early influence on iconic figures 
such as Little Richard, Johnny Cash, Elvis Presley and Jerry Lee Lewis. 
Willing to cross the line between sacred and secular by performing her music of 'light' in the 'darkness' 
of the nightclubs and concert halls with big bands behind her, Tharpe pushed spiritual music into the 
mainstream and helped pioneer the rise of pop-gospel beginning with her 1939 hit "This Train." Her 
unique music left a lasting mark on more conventional gospel artists such as Ira Tucker, Sr. of the 
Dixie Hummingbirds. While she offended some conservative churchgoers with her forays into the pop 
world, she never left gospel music. Tharpe's 1944 hit "Down By The Riverside" was selected for the 
American Library of Congress National Recording Registry in 2004, with the citation stating 
that it captured her "spirited guitar playing" and "unique vocal style", which were an influence on early 
rhythm and blues performers, as well as gospel, jazz, and rock artists. Her 1945 hit "Strange Things 
Happening Every Day", recorded in late 1944, featured Tharpe's vocals and electric guitar, with 
Sammy Price (piano), bass and drums. It was the first gospel record to cross over, hitting #2 on the 
Billboard "race records" chart, the term then used for what later became the R&B chart, in April 
1945. The recording has been cited as an important precursor of rock and roll. 
A resurgence of interest in Tharpe's work has led to a biography, several NPR segments, scholarly 
articles, and honors. The United States Postal Service issued a 32-cent commemorative stamp to 
honor Tharpe on July 15, 1998. In 2007, she was inducted posthumously into the Blues Hall of 
Fame. In 2008, a concert was held to raise funds for a marker for her grave, and January 11 was 
declared Sister Rosetta Thorpe Day in Pennsylvania. A gravestone was put in place later that 
year, and a Pennsylvania historical marker was approved for placement at her home in the Yorktown 
neighborhood of Philadelphia. The PBS series American Masters featured her story in the opening 
program of their 2013 season. With this, I invite you to enjoy the PBS American Masters' video 
profiling Sister Rosetta Tharpe: The Godmother of Rock & Roll and the Youtube links 
below. 
Web Link: http://video.pbs.org/video/2337391461/ 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - Strange Things happening Every Day -- http://youtu.be/LzqGq6jiorg 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - Up Above Mg Head -- http://youtu.belleaBNAXIBR1 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - Didn't It Rain -- http://youtu.be/SR2gR6SZC2M 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe — This Train -- http://youtu.be/Ks3rQoUFIi8 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe — His Eye is On the Sparrow -- http://youtu.be/SmmOokyrd8g 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe — So High -- http://www.youtube.corn/watch? 
v=Laox drK6W88cfeature=share&list=PL4C08DIF537B35C7E 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - You Gotta Move -- httpilkoutu.betdAABjVJRRU 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - The Lonesome Road -- http://youtu.be/Dpe2wYcO8bc 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe — Bless This House -- http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=ZRuyJCgRRmg&feature—share&slist=PL4C08DIF537B35C7E 
EFTA01132933
--- PAGE 26 ---
Sister Rosetta Tharpe — On My Way -- http://www.youtube.cornAvatch? 
v=U4oGPEQRYSO&feature=share&list=PL4C08131F537B35C7E 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe — This Little Light of Mine -- http://youtu.be/ZDN-4Ryo0Cw 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe — My Man and I -- http://www.youtube.cornAvatch? 
v=T1Cr61WzCiM&feature=share&list—PL5F14E4C4472A898B 
Sister Rosetta Tharpe — Nobody knows The Trouble I've Seen -- http://www.youtube.cornAvatch? 
v=tqrEoaR5KBo& feature=share& list=PL4C08D 1 F537B35C7E 
I hope that you enjoyed this week's offerings and wish you a great week 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Panne'. LLC 
US: 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Sk 
EFTA01132934

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132935.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 13 Oct 2013 08:53:30 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01132935
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01132936
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01132937

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132938.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Sulya A • 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 13 Oct 2013 11:19:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: JeffreyEpstein.jpg 
111 
On Sun, Oct 13, 2013 at 1:18 PM, Sulya A 
Thanks. Sent you lots before.. But you never sent me any of yours 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On 13.10.2013, at 15:15, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jea@gmail.com> wrote: 
great news.. send recent phots? 
On Sun, Oct 13, 2013 at 12:59 PM, Sulya A < 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
No I am in Abu Dhabi now. Almost finished my internship program here. Will stay until November 1,2013 
. How are you? 
Best, 
SulyA 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 10.10.2013, at 18:35, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did you come back to the states? 
*********************************************************** 
EFTA01132938
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01132939

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132940.pdf
----------------------------------------
New York State Dew 
ant of Taxation and Finance 
Purchaser's Report of Sales and Jse Tax 
ST-130 
(7/00) 
Do not use this form if you are required to register as a vendor with the New York State Tax Department or are reporting the purchase of a 
motor vehicle, snowmobile, vessel, or all-terrain vehicle that must be registered or titled by the Department of Motor Vehicles. 
Type or print clearly 
FuN name past and rust) 
Social security number 
p BLACK. B. COHEN & J. HANNAN TRUSTEES FBO ALEXANDER BLACK(11/30132) 
Home address (number and street or rural route) 
Federal identification number or any) 
do J. HANNAN, TTEE 
City, village, or post office 
State 
ZIP code 
Business name and address, if different from above 
For office use only 
Location code 
Tax jurisdiction code  
Taxable sales 
Sales and use tax 
Part I — Summary 
the 
of purchases — If you are reporting the purchase of more than 
information requested on lines 1 through 12 for each item or service. 
Item purchased or service rendered K furniture K furs ❑jewelry 
Date brought into New York State Jul. 11, 2000 
(see 
one item or service, attach a list showing 
• ri
D utility gas U 
other 
(identify) 1/4 interest art work 
and electricity 
in:nth:ma) Georges Seurat: "Le Chien Noir" 
Method of delivery K purchaser pick up D US Postal Service El UPS K seller's vehicle Q 
other 
(identily)Private carrier 
Location where item was delivered  
City New York 
County New York 
State NY 
Location where item is used  
 City New York 
County New York 
State NY 
Sellers name and address Kat rin Bellinger, Munich 
City 
State 
Part II — Summary of taxes due 
Amount subject to sales or compensating use tax (see instructions)  
318,750 
Tax rate applicable where item was delivered  
8.25 
Tax rate applicable where item is used  
Tax due (multiply line 7 by Mw 8 or 9: see insfructiDns)  
26,296. 38 
Amount of sales tax paid (if any) to: • 
City 
County 
State 
Total New York State sales or use taxes due (subtract Me 11 from fine 10)  
26,296. 38 
Penalty and interest — if you are filing late, see instructions  
6,446. 54 
Total amount due (add lines 12 and 13) 
Attach check or money order payable to: New York State Sales Tax 
32,743. 42 
I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge and belief, this is a true, correct, and complete return. 
Willfully filing a false return is a crime under the Tax Law. 
Purchaser's signature 
Date 
Preparer's signature ht other than purchaser) 
" 
number 
Date 
Preparer's address 
Employer identification number 
For dace use only 
Mail this return and payment to: 
NYS TAX DEPARTMENT 
SALES TAX DESK AUDIT 
CASUAL SALES UNIT 
BUILDING 9 3RD FLOOR 
W A HARRIMAN CAMPUS 
ALBANY NY 12227-0125 
SW NY405Se$ 
EFTA01132940
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
e. 
TCAT)2 i N 
at.E LS I NO TelR 
KCNSTLISPIDEL 
• 
Mr. 
[Awn Black 
760 P9:1$ AVelItIO 
New York, NY 10021 
Munich, 11 July2000 
v0l0P 
GEORGES SILLARAT 
1859— 1891 
LE CH11.211 NOW 
Black chalk 
227 x310 man 
us$-1.2.75.-44102 
Please transfOr ftu; amount to our ØØ 
no.; 074.02292 at Sat. 0ppenholm & 
Cologne (1)12 $70 302 00) 
le.aflein 
#$$$1.1$7801;11 • 141/~171.46:16316. 0661.11 • ea KO 
•WffaINV,TITOTTT M ONO.: 874 NYA 71~0 
I >1•116. 
laTlia.~431 
u•Noitri-saCeli
-ea wn# 
- ~Juror* 
«i# run 
en: Sti 
Fat 
Mtn o #$$ en 60 
tannic. #4.•...#•••••lentIl 
tr.$ 
$#. t. 
aroty 
sic 
tot 
co 
- meNte 
pet 
sb $#$3.3 in me 
tilgt./Vst. 
NY. WC 103 ****** 
EFTA01132941
--- PAGE 3 ---
t HOVISORS 
NO.592 
P.12/23 
29.r, (21.25 972 1069 
rot 
nat 
tam 
flarly Cohen 
JoAu Banuan 
August 1, 2000 
Could gou please Iltre trassfor 0320,750.00 tor saug of the 
21ack children (total ot 01.278.000.00)faa a Painting that 
they purcheeed (by Georges Baret Tittat ha Chianti:Går). 
The romer shcald he wised ont nøder to the fellow!~ 
aecionnt: 
Best rogscds• 
aantajb 
621. OhhinduLtak2 Cia 
hiCør 024.02222 
Cologne (mr 370 302 00) 
»Te Ratria 2163.3..isgrar Scaurtatiandat 
31g ?.5-11
rtym:1 
c‘ 1. 1')
• 
all,‘ 
fve 
1
N.\.4
\Aul. Nk' 
EFTA01132942
--- PAGE 4 ---
From: Marilynn Stewart 
Company: Secretary to Leon Black 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Date: 811/00 
Pages including this 
cpver page: 1 
Comments: 
Dear Ms. Rennin 
This le toilet you know Mat Me payment for the Seurat wee wired today and should 
appear In your account shortly. I believe that the both] w4 be broken Into far separate wires of 
$318,750 ?rem 4 recounts, but they should arrive simulbanootzly. 
Please &Ott hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. 
Sincerely. 
Mansi-Sturev.A4-
EFTA01132943

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132944.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Joslin <
› 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(regmail.com> 
Subject: FW: Blake 
Date: Fri, 07 Mar 2014 21:35:06 +0000 
Attachments: doc00409420140307154450.pdf 
From: Richard Joslin 
Sent: Friday, March 07, 2014 3:55 PM 
To: Abel Goce; 'Thomas Turrin' 
Subject: Blake 
Blake - Parable of the Wise and Foolish Virgins 
I am not sure which entity purchased this or if it was in fact purchased by Leon. 
Based on the documents I am lead to believe it was a 1992 Childrens Trust. However this work is not showing up on LDB 
2011 LLC financials. It may have been booked improperly on your end? It may have been purchased by another trust? 
I need to get an answer on this - f there are files in your office for the 1992 trust or 
1988 trust for early years, let me know, I can I come by Monday to research 
I have meeting with Leon next week and I need this answered in short order 
EFTA01132944

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132945.pdf
----------------------------------------
JUL. 
1777 1d:44en r1 
FAX NO.
JOHN 
a 
PAUL 
HERRING 
a 
COMPANY, 
INC. 
lc. 
CAST 
Se, STREET. 
New 
**Ric. 
N. v 
,co
Z,
Mr. Le 
TcLcomosE 
May 30, 2000 
1i 
ter.
Erg) 
.• 
William BLAKE 
"The Parable of the ease and Foolish Virgins" 
Watercolor on paper 
40.9 x 34.6 cm. 
Executed 1825 
Exh: 
Martin Butlin The Paintings and Drawings of 
William Blake cat. no. 481. 
$ 2,500,000.00 
Please cable funds to account Paul L. Herring & Co.,
Chase Manhattan Bank 79th Street & Ma ' 
10021, ABA 4 
Account Number 
EFTA01132945
--- PAGE 2 ---
: 
FAX NO. : 
Jul. 09 1999 12:41PM P1 
JOHN 
a 
PAUL 
HERRING 
a 
COMPANY, 
INC. 
EanY 
T 
Le_ f. 
YORK. 
N.Y. 10021 
Tf.L CP r.t 0 wi eL 
May 30, 2000 
To: Leon Black 
From: Paul Herring 
Dear Leon: 
Only last evening the owner of the Blake finally 
agreed to sell the work at the price you are willing to pay. 
Frankly, I was very doulatful that they would compromise 
and I was expecting to have to return it to them today. 
My understanding with them is that they will be paid this 
week. I have sent you two invoices covering the transaction -
you can decide whether you want this to be an out-of state 
sale or not. 
I will be staying at the King David Hotel in 
Jerusalem from Friday evening until next gednesday if you 
would want to speak with me. 
Congratulations: 
Kind regards, 
EFTA01132946

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132947.pdf
----------------------------------------
INI1 
4• 
• 
EFTA01132947

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132948.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein sleevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 13 Oct 2013 14:44:44 +0000 
Attachments: beige.jpg; b2.jpg 
I tried to made color of Karyna's bag..like (beige/peach/skin ) 
Which else colors should i try ? 
On Sunday, October 13, 2013 5:30 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I asked that you do some photo shops with different carpets. . this was not well done. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01132948

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132949.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01132949

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132950.pdf
----------------------------------------
rent 
r, 
Tn.& &JAL 
I ••• 
: 
• • 
- •• 
' : a. . ...r.:
, • • _:;
; 
• .../:'• 
*:•,r ••': : 
. 
. • ••••••• ''• 
• - . • . 
• 
.1
••••• '• 
• ••• • 
• 
..... 
. t., „: , .... .... 
•: • -• ••••::•••••••••;:#• ::•tiv.., 14•••••:". 
•i• • ' • 
• 
• 
... . 
,. 
•••:‘, • 1 
..••• ' l• 4 ; 
• :.•,,,..11 Pi7i:g11*:0-.,r0.4.g..*:-.1(; 
ti 
•••••• 
. 
':. ': i . 
. 
. 
.
. 
. 
. 
'. 
AC4t•E. A; 
.. : 
. 
: 
t' • fiC.:6 Clii ‘i l?',i. 6' •E:.••••11,ar 
1.4 ii•iit 1.4t i • .• : • ::  
••:' .n..) 
• 
-- 1 :I 
. 
• 
• • 
-. . 
I% 
▪ k 
• 
0' : • ' • :. i 
 -* . : 
• ; . ....'.r- • ;. 11: .. • r;.. .-S1')••••(- 1.10.• 
• 
- 
: j ' 
I • 
•. . • 
•
... 
• 
. 
. 
': .r.....Ct• 
' -af.V.4.144):ridpntlficatital." ...- .: ... • 
• ‘•• : .. - 
i • •. ; • • •
• • 7 .. 
'• • • • • • : , 
.:•,, 
" 
e 'al 
• • • le• • 
... •: 
• 
• 
• 
. 
.• 
• • 
• 
• *FR: 03- 4102. Tit 061. • , • 
• ••• **.t. • • • • • .• • 
, 
• , .. ..:.• ...... . .:... . •• - . ,•.. 
. . 
c• .. ; ,'.... z. 
i.,:•,... ! • • :•!:-:,..,:.. :.,• ..::: ..•••... . :11:•• tetrii D;Bla.datuiting;t1X./30/Si21/3O Bititjapin LACY'S' : • •'• • • : • • i 
• %' • 
• 
 . • : 
• . • 
: 
• . • . • . i: -. 
• % ". ' • •• ',LethiE1/4BtadelfsititTatotql7g6/92 1130j 
• .8
• `.:•• .• ' ' '''i 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • • • • • . 
• . • -• 
••
• • • 
• • •• •• 
t '' • a
• - • . :LtostnateglipThai.ITADlit30 0.200 
e.),tak(4e 
LACK • . • • • •• • 
- 
.... •••••••• • •-• ' . 
••' ••• ••••••••• ' .. •• •••••• • ."•/.' ....•••-•:•( '.1„ectiD.Bladict.nst13AD.111/*/:.9.1$110... gOtoriit 
' ac `:; '1- •'
.. :.•••• . .,•., .. , ..• .t -•°, • : •• ••••• -...-.... • .  ' •.: • •• ••::•.- CrO. 
' 
. . • .: 
. ; . , ;••••• • r • ,
ri 
4Jor....* • -•••••
 •
lim•%setPod 
• * 
. 
. • 
- • 
• 
% • ' • 
• wanes wft`'''"*.: 
••%. 
'
▪ ! 
• I . %.• 
• 
• 
: • • 
• • 
,-;•.*'n...4...3..}7tili 2604 • • ••••: • 
l• • 
. 
• 
. .• 
. . 
•
• 
• • t 
.  : 
• 
• 
•
•:..: , 
• 
*; •. • •'‘ . • 
 •
•, • •••AracTpRitiolvoigs 
omuto?s • •• 
..• 
:..•: 
: . • 
• 
AiitancAsscnista-4973) 
P. 
• • •A 
••• • •••••• 
• 
• 
• • • t. ••••• 
WOMAlr.alLY Ist.1937 
• .•••• • • 
•• • •••• • •• • ;•• LI • r4 
• • • 
diYi.cagrafei 4:i •OPPOr:oirimlier;•••:: 
1/21
d
2:::OrkiefI S'AiFie4.incfuWiabestai0P*31b44$ 611t.vait.;a:b.r., 
;: •• •;• • 
• . • 
• .S1/4 41.arerzittiri*Olo.;!:'; 
• 
7••• 
: 
•••-• : •• 
.• 
. 
. . 
. . 
.
•
. 
. 
%:03#41461; :101;04 
4.7:: • . 
•••,Plate.d.inichsiobe:: 
494 90 -275/kg11.9:1/1dhic'yi
• .
%lie dimensions :•77a X 56.5,city.- 303/8 illiAtinc • - •• 
°"*. 
• : t • •I 
% .••• 
•••-• • ' • • ••••••••••• 
• .4.4 
, 
. 
••740,,, ••••—•-a--:.•-• • zu. • ; 
••••• 
• 
. 
.• 
•-• 
• 
.4 • • 
• .• • 
• "•,•• • 
'••••;•••• 
•••••:: • • PIUCIP1.113#11;250,000:006.! 
•• •• • 
. • 
• •••••• ' 
- 
••: • 
,FlewYpIrkSaks Tajl 423%) : 
•• 
,814230.6 
• . 
••• • . ! • 
• • 
• 
 :.* 
•• •  
• • • 
••••• •! 
xlIQTAL,..PJUCE's •-••• •t• 
7;812.50 
• • 
• 
•• 
• 
: . 
•
•
•
•
.
V 
L. • 
.• 
. 
• . 
• 
• .• 
" • 
• '• 
% 
••. 
[isrovenaniitio 
• 
.••• 
• • • 
• 
•r• %.`1. • i t• - GAL IlL'ItrE •:Ca: e•Alf Lit,* 
1.4 rt .. .. 
:•• 
♦ 
• •• 
•• 
• ••• •• •
▪ 
• .. 1 
%.• :1/4 • 16 'gentle IM athrnoll 75140. P6r4F r5nq* 
• 
▪ 
. RC *Irlosr4 4.0‘11iS OH Sint 402 Sit09.410014 APE 52 
• 
• 
•
• 
▪ 
. 
•••• 
I- 
▪ 
•• 
ti 
• • , 
• 
.••••••• '..2....1.,. • I 
:.Esiiiiigithessist:•. • • .. • ..• • - 
-.... - ... ..•  
 • 
.... •  ... 
:• •;.... ......: .......% • •• ' ; .' • •••.1:•' •-: ' .' .1 
• kiiriiikicassotpliektion,i4state*gitii*itt2018;tiltiii birie.• f•••• .1 • •'''. .:••.•. ., • .i.c 
• ••••• .. • •• 
.. , 
...:. ••• i'l....!
.Pdva4Vollectop.';•Switiciis14 , - 
• .:,• • •• e. ••• t • " •• . ',•-•r:
- -. . . . . . 
• • V 
• 
" •.••• •••. ••••••• .',.• 
••: .. ..••• ."..: : • :.•.:••••.: •.*•: : ... • ... ',.. • •• 
**1 • ,', . • 7: .... ...:1: ' :1:1**1 : .‘" . • :: 1
.• 
. ,'• : ';: - • -: 
• • •‘:. • ••••••-. ••• ; : . • ,...., •:.. : - • : • .,.. -..t. :. 
j 3 
• 
; 
4.
..N. 
••• .s. 
p 
be% i 
. ••:.••••• 
::. 
••••• .• el
.  •• 
I 
ic . 
i' l• 
•:••••• 
. 
• 
• 
• 
. 
: 
• :Z.
> • 
% . ii  
•• ••• : 
• 
• 
.: 
• • i  • •• 
% 
• 
• . 
, . 
2%rp: • : 
• 
.• 
'• 
••• ; • 
• : 
1a 
• .• • 
• • 
?1 
• 
• .• 
EFTA01132950
--- PAGE 2 ---
. : . , .: ... . . • - • ... ........ •• ., • • - • 'id.; 4 •-".... •• • . '•.•',„ :.-. ; „.. ' •-• I '...•.
!;•,• • • . :••:• •••;:•. ."' •:: •• :. 
• • • 
• • 
;.:;.:. ..• •:.: . • ;,.. ....: .. ..: . 
• mica Populate III trerintatArdicialfrigpie.443,1 l•'' •.,.. t. .;•. .....,%, ;  • 
• •., ,:.: : ' : • •: *: • • 
• • • •-•••• • .- • • 56; -4u, deProvence35009, pills; Fiance. • •:.. • -.•  c: •'. 
' .. - 
tele/Ririe* • ••••• 
• 
• •• : • • 
. 
. 
. . . 
. 
.. 
•. 
• • ' 
• 
' 
• • •• '- ' C4.4guiehet.: 
/Code pupae:. 
()•,14.SSirifi.: 
• 
• ••:. -- : ' • •%. , 'F.• z • : - : Coiri..2pOodaa.re i NEW "YORK I': Cbit'se)tin
. hition•Thilik• ; ,.• 
• •:: 
• ' 
• ' 4 • ••• . : • .  
:. • .. , 4 New. Yorknaia;17104311.514;Neiv.Yorli,NY Oe041, '. -...: .: — ••:•••.:. .
,
• 
. • 
Tel i 
-Account tt .•. 
•. . • 
, 
oi pep* moil trat•paymespas !re 
• I..: • • . .• . 
. . 
•• 
• • 
224 02.217. 
-;•-11•4?•Eft??.1:11:rr..7.- --
 •••: 
• 
. 
L/10so .2004 .;3a17,X;-7 
, • 
• 
• 
; • • • • e 
• 
• ••• • 
• '• 
• ••••/..
.."-rtart. .;;;I:\,1••••:.; Ci t• •• 
:‘If • •• • • ••••• *, • 
• 
• 
• 
•••• . : • ` 
••••1 • : 
• : .• 
./•••••••*: 
.. :2 elk 
' • 
• 
' 
.•••••••
• 
•
• 
 • • ! 
• • 
'• 
' • ' • . 
; 
1.21-')•P 
• • • • ▪
 • 
• 
• 
• ri 
•'• • • • ; 
A C' Ct4-tte-4,4e:Edkakc.4•CP:Attl• ti•-tt 
• • 
• 
' • : • 
• .• 
' 2• • • •:: • • •••' 
•• • ". : ' 
• : 
.. .• • ••• ••  •••• • .'• • 
• 1* ••• : • '• 
• • 
. 
•t•••: 
• ..::;•• 
: • .!: • 
: • y.:'• 
••••••• 
' ••" ; 
• A"' • •••• ••• •• f • •••• • '.••• 
i ••••••••• • •••:•!..; 
'Brecit Pit 
; •• • 
•••••.::•• ••. 
• . 
• .
• 
" 
"-. 
. . 
. 
-B.aerP.3, 111:091.1/11) end voly.13.59-56:2 et vo),:apt294,. 
• 'A 
c;,:. • 
• latiti*klaer; !lipaispilig."1"-inOre1iir, Grriplyies' from 1'12e:her*: 
• 
V 
43_111A•Op..ivi..64- OE, .1, 
••• 
••••:. 
• 
•••••:::%. , 
• 
• 
..: 
RWeicloSkethWiT:00.
fetkieli
-1,Ffi
, 
4ft.37-M.(7 1
csiliz•S:riincisici,.mAT, ir-,05; •4•54°•Art ne•-•' 1 ••••'": A / .: • ' 
. 
. . 
• • 
. 
% ... • . 
• 
• 
• • • 
Exiiithiong 1 '-•.':'. ' . 
•:. ...." ..
 ''.' :' : • ..., 
:':••,.. .
..:. • —:•.•:.;', r.• • 
• .•••••••• 
t• ' 
• 
..• - 
;10 3.:-..1,s.W.ViaiisloVie:-Ektiiblakii; OraPiria#0mIli4kaiind Ilcalickboliiclio'n", Prigitte:B .1 
organised, ii cOblieigke:1•Ni4141404PicassiaAtttlif 041irie istiii ti4giertbillas. Miseum ofArt S 
.1 4P0311belifq015471
. ,Mitpitirii Ntivs,23;$981• 4414?3,9”41".IPetroit iliithittelof ArtitJad'ik 
M
t :
k; riepePva.i. Art auseititt.Aprif1 ,X4(.2.0400.: •:• 
'. 
; - . • • • •• .... -. '-• • • :
.,• 
•:,- :„ .1.- • '':..: ..: 
: ;1908;11'Picysisi:an4 efte :frail If#ar.r:••• .103t.14'15•1$.45breikkit Iciii*Paiilit San -friaiaii;i: 
I i 
' ;Salimno1214;04410efr.it 
.
347 
it 10
Sr?SP.01-*19?9/1PArkirV.I
10. 414 1
7' - • ?:`. !•• ••,:l...t.'•'-; : I.:4. :.'; /...•... • -. - ' .. •:' 
•....2:1 ‘';:: j .' ••.:. •••••• 71 ...:.: • - ••••••••• ... .. 
rigrqS.•:- • • • 
;7, .• 
. 7. •••• ; 
:." 
.•••• • 
• •••.•:•.••• 
For ttip!rd Atari Sari is' one.* 
proof as:v.4414i ;the 1$ nuiriOreilir
.:IEie4riii 
Mlia!litt bciiire!'etritbiticilih elder' t9*Oliken; 44#)”• • • .;•.*:. 
•1';• • 
the 
and the Ygtli states Nri404tott 4'448 
••• 
• 
:• 
:The Muspu'in'efiforkinAit POSS.:a ibe..n41041 iffnititi1601 
• 
I 
• 
• 
• 
...F.. • 
•• ; • 
: • • • •• • . 
• • • ••• ••••• ? 
• • ••• ••• ••••. •• • 
: • • • • ::••• .• 
••• 
: 
• 
d•• 
. 
2.E2 u 
EIS 
• • • 
••• 
ayebyq Mativijosi. 7500S. Pall'CRaftcl 
• • 
lc. • ;;A-• • 
Pirli•O•355,0bi giret 49,113 0114601•4• An 
r 
. 
." 
• • 
. 
•
.
•
•
•
•
m: 4
EFTA01132951
--- PAGE 3 ---
MEMORANDUM 
TO: 
John Hanna 
FROM: 
Melanie Spinella 
DATE: 
December 6, 2004 
RE: 
Payment by Trust for Picasso WEEPING WOMAN 
Attached is an invoice from Cazeau-Beraudiere GaIlene, for Picaasso's 
Weeping Woman, which Leon would like paid by the Trust. 
Thank you. 
EFTA01132952

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132953.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hi! 
Date: Sun, 13 Oct 2013 19:34:46 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Perfect day w family! Can't wait to see you! 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01132953

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132954.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <lesleyjee®gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein CC <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Ticket on HOLD for Mark 
Date: Sun, 13 Oct 2013 20:14:03 +0000 
Attachments: Airmail.pdf 
Below ticket is on HOLD for Mark. I checked the AA direct flight out on Sun. Oct. 20th but they only had 1st 
class available (coach was sold out) Ticket price with flying 1st class direct and coach back to NY on 23rd was 
$1317.00. Below ticket on Jet Blue is $579.00 non refundable. 
Please advise if I should buy below ticket for Mark. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Express Travel" <AmericanExpressTravel@trondent.com>
Subject: Travel arrangements for MARK TOLLISON traveling on 10/20/2013 
Date: October 13, 2013 4:06:42 PM EDT 
To: 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that cannot accept 
incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel Service at 1-877-877-0987. 
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to attached PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel plans have 
been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details: 
https://www.aeairweb.com/Mytravelarrangements/indexjsii
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://www.aeairweb.corn/Mytravelarrangements/AirlineBaggagePoliciesjsp
First time user? Refer to instructions when accessing the above website. Enter your email address and 
temporary password to gain access to the website. You will receive your temporary password in a separate 
email. 
THIS ITINERARY IS A RESERVATION ONLY. 
This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:00 PM on October 13, 
or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Record Locator: IKYFKY 
Traveler: MARK TOLLISON 
Flight Information: 
Reserved: JET BLUE 403 
Class: Economy 
EFTA01132954
--- PAGE 2 ---
Seats: 21C 
Departs: New York JFK, NY - JFK 
Date: Oct 20,2013 
Time: 8:26 AM 
Arrives: San Juan, PUERTO RICO - SRI 
Date: Oct 20,2013 
Time: 12:19 PM 
Flight Information: 
Reserved: JET BLUE 1336 
Class: Economy 
Seats: 20B 
Departs: San Juan, PUERTO RICO - SJU 
Date: Oct 20,2013 
Time: 1:12 PM 
Arrives: St Thomas, VIRGIN ISLANDS - STT 
Date: Oct 20,2013 
Time: 1:48 PM 
Flight Information: 
Reserved: JET BLUE 1335 
Class: Discount Business 
Seats: 18B 
Departs: St Thomas, VIRGIN ISLANDS - STT 
Date: Oct 23,2013 
Time: 2:24 PM 
Arrives: San Juan, PUERTO RICO - SRI 
Date: Oct 23,2013 
Time: 3:02 PM 
Flight Information: 
Reserved: JET BLUE 1290 
Class: Discount Business 
Seats: 14C 
Departs: San Juan, PUERTO RICO - SJU 
Date: Oct 23,2013 
Time: 4:28 PM 
Arrives: Newark, NJ - EWR 
Date: Oct 23,2013 
Time: 8:30 PM 
Airline Confirmation Numbers: 
JET BLUE 
IKYGTC 
NEED PASSPORT OR VISA SERVICES? 
As a service to our customers, American Express has partnered with VisaCentral for visa and passport services. 
To learn what documents may be required for your international destination, or to obtain visa or passport 
services, go to http://visacentral.corn/amex to access the online services of VisaCentral and to receive 
discounted rates on travel document services. To contact VisaCentral by phone, call 866-529-6553. 
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email marketing offers 
from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the American Express Privacy 
Statement at http://www.americanexpress.com/privacy. 
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to website below 
to download and install this free software. 
EFTA01132955
--- PAGE 3 ---
http://www.adobe.corn/products/acrobat/readstep.html 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily resort or 
facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. 
You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, 
affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and 
agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage to persons or property resulting, 
directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but not limited to delays, 
overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes 
in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of 
governmental authorities, civil unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public 
intemet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your 
individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific 
itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be 
aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, 
and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide 
compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as 
granting them access to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting 
technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American 
Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time 
we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and 
recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your 
preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify and the 
itineraries we recommend. 
California State Seller of Travel Registration Number: 1022318-10. Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI#600469694. Rhode Island Registration Number: ML#1192; Nevada Seller of 
Travel Registration No.: NV#2001-0126; Iowa: TA# 002 Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA01132956

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132957.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Erehrend Dr Ste.55 PAC 08-03-69 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
IKYFKY 
Travel Arrangements for: 
TOLLISON/MARK 
1-877-877-0987 (Toll Free) 
When Overseas Ca. Collect 602-537-4000 
Agent ID. JM 
ITINERARY 
Generated: October 13.2013 03:06 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:00 PM on October 13,or this entire 
reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Sunday October 20, 2013 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
403 
Departure: 
8:26 am 
New York JFK. NY 
Arrival: 
12:19 pm 
San Juan. PUERTO RICO 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL 5 
Arrival Termital: 
TERMINAL A 
Seat 
21C 
Class: 
Economy 
Airline Record Locator 
IKYGTC 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 53 MIN 
Distance: 
1.597 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
1336 
Departure: 
1:12 pm 
San Juan. PUERTO RICO 
Arrival: 
1A8 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL A 
Seat 
208 
Class: 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Wednesday October 23, 2013 
Airline Record Locator 
IKYGTC 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 36 MIN 
Distance: 
Miles 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
1335 
Departure. 
2:24 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Arrival: 
3:02 pm 
San Juan. PUERTO RICO 
Arrival Termital: 
TERMINAL A 
Seat 
188 
Class: 
Discount business 
Airline Record Locator 
IKYGTC 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
Estimated Time: 
HR 38 MIN 
Distance: 
Miles 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
JET BLUE 
Flight: 
1290 
Departure: 
4:28 pm 
San Juan. PUERTO RICO 
Arrival: 
8:30 pm 
Newark. NJ 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL A 
Arrival Terms-tat 
TERMINAL A 
Seat 
14C 
Class: 
Discount business 
Airline Record Locator 
IKYGTC 
&moment 
Airbus A320 
Esbmated Time: 
HR 2 MIN 
Distance: 
1.608 Mies 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
EFTA01132957
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 72 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
• 3 HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
*------------------
AGENT REMARKS 
HERE IS ITINERARY WE DISCUSSED. CURRENTLY 
THE BEST FARE IS 579.41 ROUNDTRIP. IT IS 
NONREFUNDABLE. CHANGES FOR 150.00 FEE PLUS ANY 
FARE INCREASE. FARES NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL 
TICKETED. MUST TICKET BEFORE IIP EST ON 
14OCT OR FLIGHTS WILL AUTO CANCEL. 
PLEASE REVIEW AND ADVISE 
THANK YOU FOR CHOOSING AMERICAN EXPRESS. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8. 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Caneel Bay. A Rosewood Resort 
North Shore Road 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
The Ritz-Carlton St. Thomas 
6900 Great Bay 
St Thomas, 00802, Virgin Islands US 
The Westin St. John Resort 8 Villas 
300a Chocolate Hole 
Great Cruz Bay 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA01132958
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements desalting any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terns and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS ANC") OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at, 
www.tcrcinfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355, Fax: 702.486.7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADk. 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502. Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.6881803, e-mail: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
California CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island W#1192. Washington UBIN600-469-694. Iowa TAft002. Nevada NW/20014126. 
EFTA01132959

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132960.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Detailed Bplan 
Date: Fri, 07 Mar 2014 22:01:47 +0000 
Attachments: bdg_Newcos_2014_VS_Paris_+_London.xls 
Forwarded message  
From: G Sera <1 
Date: Fri, Mar 7, 2014 at 9:22 AM 
Subject: Detailed Bplan 
To: 
Svetlana, 
as discussed please find attached the detailed excel model of the 2 openings 
Looking forward to seeting you tomorrow and I will be able to answer all your questions 
Regards 
Gianni 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA01132960

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132961.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 1 of 19 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE #1 AND JANE DOE #2, 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Defendant. 
REPLY IN SUPPORT OF MOTION 
FOR LIMITED INTERVENTION BY ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
Alan M. Dershowitz hereby replies in support of his Motion for Limited Intervention (DE 
282). Prof. Dershowitz's only interest in joining this case is to strike the false, sensational and 
irrelevant allegations against him. In its response (DE 290), the government compellingly set 
forth the many reasons why Jane Does #3 and #4's request, filed over 6 years after the 
commencement of the CVRA case, should be denied. Jane Doe #3's false allegations against 
Prof. Dershowitz were not included in her statement to the government, were not made to the 
FBI when she was initially contacted by that agency, were not included in her civil action against 
Epstein in 2009, were not included in her recorded interview with her attorneys in 2011 and were 
not included in her interview with the British press in 2011. These allegations first appeared in 
Jane Doe #3's Motion for Joinder in December 2014 (DE 279), and therefore have absolutely no 
relevance as to whether there was a CVRA violation when Epstein and the government executed 
the Non-Prosecution Agreement in September 2007. The request for limited intervention was 
initiated to give Dershowitz a voice in the proceedings if and only if the Court allowed the 
EFTA01132961
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 2 of 19 
joinder of Jane Doe 3 and her untimely allegations to the underlying CVRA case. If the Court 
rejects the pending motion for joinder (DE 279), then the Court should strike the scurrilous 
allegations against Dershowitz, or, alternatively, determine the possible mootness of his Motion 
for Limited Intervention. Of course, if the Court strikes the allegations against him SEW sponte, 
Prof. Dershowitz will withdraw his motion for limited intervention. However, if the Court grants 
Jane Does #3 and #4's motion for joinder, then Prof. Dershowitz's motion for limited 
intervention should be granted for such purposes as may be appropriate including submitting a 
motion to strike or other relief, so as to give him an opportunity to defend himself against these 
malicious and false allegations. In support of his Reply in Support of his Motion for Limited 
Intervention, Prof. Dershowitz states as follows: 
Despite swearing under oath to her falsehoods about Prof. Dershowitz, Jane Doe #3 
struggles to justify her defamations as having any relevance to the issues in this proceeding. Her 
Response to Prof. Dershowitz's Motion for Limited Intervention (DE 291) (herein "Response") 
offers no legitimate reason for defaming Prof. Dershowitz in her Joinder Motion, and she has no 
right to continue to do so in this Court. Strikingly, the Response does not explain why Jane Doe 
#3, with an obvious financial motive for fabrication of salacious accusations, waited almost 
seven years to lob a stink bomb into a proceeding in which she has no right to participate. The 
Response does not account for why Jane Doe #3 never once asserted her accusations about Prof. 
Dershowitz until a month ago, even though the alleged transgressions supposedly occurred some 
fifteen years ago. Although neither Jane Doe #3 nor anyone else had previously asserted any 
improper sexual contact with Prof. Dershowitz, now Jane Doe #3 cynically exploits the yoke of 
victimhood to victimize others. 
EFTA01132962
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 3 of 19 
At bottom, Jane Doe #3's Response is nothing but a paper-thin pastiche of conspiracy 
theory and outright misrepresentation that crumbles upon examination. Invocations of the Fifth 
Amendment by nonparty witnesses in response to innocuous questions about Prof. Dershowitz 
are said to take on a "sinister cast"; yet these same witnesses invoked their right against self-
incrimination to almost every question asked of them, including their parents' names. Prof. 
Dershowitz, as Epstein's former legal counsel, is one of hundreds of people listed in an address 
book purloined by Jeffrey Epstein's criminal butler; yet because Prof. Dershowitz's name is 
circled in the address book by an unknown person for unknown reasons, the argument is made 
that Prof. Dershowitz must have sexually abused a minor. The record shows that while Prof. 
Dershowitz and Jane Doe #3 are both separately mentioned in the flight logs of Mr. Epstein's 
private plane, they are never listed on the same flight. Plaintiffs, in turn, falsely claim that 
somehow Prof. Dershowitz single-handedly orchestrated the destruction of logs without any 
evidence of ability or possibility to do so. The increasingly unfounded accusations and insults 
are both sad and irresponsible. 
It is precisely this toxic mix of irrelevancy, malicious falsehood, and empty accusation 
that justifies Prof. Dershowitz's intervention to, at least, strike the allegations against him. Jane 
Doe #3 never had any need to drag Prof. Dershowitz into this action besides to wrongfully use 
his good name and international stature to stir up media interest in her filing. 
This is 
impertinence, plain and simple, and it has no place in this Court. Prof. Dershowitz therefore 
urges the Court to either allow him to intervene to strike Jane Doe #3's defamatory allegations or 
deny Jane Doe #3's Joinder Motion so she is no longer afforded the ability to use the docket of 
this Court to defame others without being held accountable and strike these allegations from the 
record. 
EFTA01132963
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 4 of 19 
I. 
Jane Doe #3's Continued Smears of Prof. Dershowitz 
Demonstrate His Need to Intervene 
Jane Doe #3 and her counsel's actions over the past month have confirmed that Prof. 
Dershowitz's request for intervention stands upon dramatically different circumstances than 
other intervention motions in this case, or any other case for that matter. Simply put, the scope 
and tenor of their attacks against Prof. Dershowitz differ both in degree and in kind from other 
reputational muggings conducted in the case before this Court. Nor is there a single reported 
decision in federal case law in which the vitriol, severity, and length of the attacks against a 
nonparty approach those levelled against Prof. Dershowitz here. What has become further 
apparent is that if Jane Doe #3's Motion for Joinder is granted and Prof. Dershowitz is not 
allowed to intervene, Jane Doe #3 and her counsel will proceed with their attacks against him, all 
the more emboldened with complete impunity. 
While Jane Doe #3 asks to "prove" her allegations against Prof. Dershowitz, she argues 
paradoxically that he does not have "any direct interest" in defending these allegations. Instead, 
she directs Prof. Dershowitz to defend the allegations that she makes in a contrived lawsuit filed 
by her attorneys against him in Broward County Circuit Court for defamation of them. 
Moreover, the law cited by Prof. Dershowitz, including the Sackman and Penthouse cases, 
demonstrates a need and entitlement to intervene to vindicate his legitimate reputational interest 
that no other party is situated to protect. "The individual's right to the protection of his own 
good name reflects no more than our basic concept of essential dignity and worth of every 
human being — a concept at the root of any decent system of ordered liberty..." Krauser v. 
Evolution Holdings, Inc., 975 F.Supp. 2d 1247, 1260 (S.D. Fla. 2013); quoting Spencer v. 
Kemna, 523 U.S. 1, 24 n. 5 (1998) (Stevens, J., dissenting). 
EFTA01132964
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 5 of 19 
In an effort to cite contrary law to the Court, Jane Doe #3's Response takes remarkable 
liberties in describing what is claimed to be the law to Court. For example, the Response quotes 
Calloway v. Westinghouse Elec. Corp., 115 F.R.D. 73, 74 (M.D. Ga. 1987) for the proposition 
that "a witness' interest in his reputation alone . . . does not constitute the required `interest 
relating to the property or transaction which is the subject of the present action' necessary to 
allow intervention as a matter of right." Yet what is excised from that quote through the ellipses 
is the most crucial part of the case: "following a finding by a court that he is not credible." 
Calloway actually stands for the proposition that a witness cannot intervene in a case as of right 
if the Court has found him not credible in one of its orders. This finding has never been made as 
to Prof. Dershowitz either in this Court, or in hundreds of others in which he has appeared. 
II. 
Jane Doe #3's Lies About Prof. Dershowitz 
Are Wholly Irrelevant to This Action 
Meanwhile, Jane Doe #3 fails to come up with a single credible reason for naming Prof. 
Dershowitz in her Joinder Motion. First, she claims she needed to drag Prof. Dershowitz's name 
through the mud to prove that Jane Doe #3 was a victim of sexual abuse by Jeffrey Epstein. Yet, 
in her Joinder Motion, she states that "[t)he Government was well aware of Jane Doe #3 when it 
was negotiating the NPA, as it listed her as a victim in the attachment to the NPA." (DE 279 at 
6.) If she was already listed as a victim on the NPA, why would they need to prove that further 
by adding pages of scurrilous allegations against various individuals? And why did they have to 
mention Prof. Dershowitz by name, when elsewhere they claim that "numerous prominent" 
individuals also allegedly committed sexual abuse, but keep those alleged figures anonymous? 
The bad faith against Prof. Dershowitz is apparent'. 
Similarly, Jane Doe #3's allegations that she named Prince Andrew because of outstanding 
EFTA01132965
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 6 of 19 
Second, Jane Doe #3 claims that she needed to defame Prof. Dershowitz and others in the 
Joinder Motion because of discovery disputes between the government and Jane Doe #1 and Jane 
Doe #2. This does not even make sense, legally or factually. Jane Doe #3's right to join in this 
case has nothing to do with Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2's entitlement to documents in 
discovery. In fact, the discovery requests that Jane Doe #3 cites to in her Response as purported 
cover for their sliming of Prof Dershowitz show that their argument is factually bogus. Prof. 
Dershowitz is mentioned in only two of twenty-five requests for production propounded by Jane 
Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2. (See Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2's First Request for Production to 
the Government Regarding Information Relevant to Their Pending Action Concern [sic] the 
Crime Victims Act, at DE 225-1 at 26-38.) 
Both requests, nos. 8 and 21 seek his 
communications with the government in his role as Mr. Epstein's defense attorney. There is no 
issue of complicity or knowledge in any misconduct. Moreover, a fact conveniently omitted by 
Jane Doe #3 is that Prof. Dershowitz is one of eleven lawyers whose communications Jane Doe 
#1 and Jane Doe #2 sought in the requests for production. As the Court knows, Prof. Dershowitz 
had no material connection to this case—as to the merits or as to discovery—before he was 
dragged in by Jane Doe #3. 
Third, Jane Doe #3 claims that the smears against Prof. Dershowitz are relevant to show 
that Prof. Dershowitz had a motive to negotiate "confidentiality" and "blank check" provisions 
discovery requests regarding her belief that Prince Andrew was somehow involved in "lobbying 
efforts to persuade the Government to give him a more favorable plea arrangement," and because 
her allegations against Prince Andrews occurred in London, therefore "affect[ing] foreign 
commerce" are patently absurd. (DE 291 at 20 and 18, fn. 10.) Because Jane Doe #3's other 
allegations are replete with allegations of interstate activity and because implications of Prince 
Andrew's involvement in "lobbying" for the NPA are entirely nonsensical, it is obvious that the 
inclusion of claims against Prince Andrew were included solely for their intended audience: the 
media. 
EFTA01132966
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 7 of 19 
into the NPA entered into between the government and Mr. Epstein. Again, this argument makes 
no sense in the context of this case.'" The inclusion of certain provisions in the agreement simply 
has nothing to do with whether the government complied with its obligations under the Crime 
Victims' Rights Act ("CVRA"). If anything, it is the government's motive that would be at 
issue—although even that point is doubtful—not the defense attorneys'. Moreover, because the 
first time Jane Doe #3 made these contemptible allegations against Prof. Dershowitz was in her 
Motion for Joinder in December 2014, those allegations are irrelevant as to the inquiry of 
whether Jane Doe #3's rights under the CVRA were violated at the time the NPA was entered. 
The government confirms that when Jane Doe #3 was contacted by the FBI about this 
investigation, she clearly "stated that she did not want to be involved in the federal 
investigation." (DE 290 at 6.) She was not "kept in the dark" as she alleges in her Response. 
(DE 291 at 25.) Instead, she apparently chose to stay in the dark. Moreover, she did not make 
any allegations against Prof. Dershowitz at the time the NPA was entered, nor did she made any 
allegations against Prof. Dershowitz in her action for civil damages in 2009, nor did she make 
any allegations against Prof. Dershowitz in her tape recorded interview with her attorney in 
2011, nor did she make any allegations against Prof. Dershowitz in her interview with the British 
press in 2011. The first time these allegations surfaced were in connection with Jane Doe #3's 
Motion for Joinder in this action. The allegations have absolutely no relevance to the underlying 
issue of whether Jane Doe #3 was "treated with fairness" when the NPA was entered, as the 
allegations against Prof. Dershowitz did not surface until approximately eight years later. 
Prof. Dershowitz, along with many other lawyers, was involved in negotiating the plea bargain 
under which Epstein agreed to plead guilty to State charges in exchange for an agreement not to 
prosecute him federally. However, he was not involved in drafting the text of the NPA. In fact, 
two other lawyers did the drafting. 
EFTA01132967
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 8 of 19 
Moreover, if the government had any reason to believe that Prof. Dershowitz was involved in 
any criminal activity they would have immediately demanded his recusal rather than continuing 
to work with him as one of Epstein's attorneys in negotiating a plea bargain. 
Fourth, Jane Doe #3 then makes the facially absurd and libelous claim that somehow 
Prof. Dershowitz must have drafted and benefited from the "co-conspirators" clause of the NPA. 
But the link between the need to include these allegations and their ability to rescind the "co-
conspirators" clause goes completely unexplained. The allegations are completely gratuitous, as 
there is no such link. No such claim existed until fabricated by Jane Doe #3 many years after the 
NPA was signed and fully performed. Additionally, as stated in Prof. Dershowitz's Supplement 
to his Motion for Limited Intervention, this "co-conspirator" provision "was intended to apply to 
four alleged co-conspirators, who were named in the original NPA and later redacted at their 
request.... Alan Dershowitz was never alleged to be a potential co-conspirator." (DE 285 at 43.) 
Incredibly, Jane Doe #3's counsel, Bradley Edwards, agreed with this reading of the NPA 
in his Statement of Undisputed Fact during his own personal lawsuit against Jeffrey Epstein 
(Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein and Bradley J. Edwards, lawsuit (Case no. 502009-CA-
040800)) in Palm Beach County Circuit Court. There, Edwards explained that these co-
conspirators were certain individuals who "procured minor females to be molested by Epstein." 
(DE 291-15 at ¶ 27.) Only now, when convenient as a way to try to justify allegations against 
Prof. Dershowitz does Edwards argue (on behalf of Jane Doe #3) that the "co-conspirator" 
provision was actually intended to protect Prof. Dershowitz. 
Moreover, it is unlikely that anyone who had sexual contact with Jane Doe #3, or any other 
minor involved in the Epstein case, would be considered to be a "co-conspirator." Instead those 
individuals would be substantive perpetrators, not covered by the agreement. 
EFTA01132968
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 9 of 19 
Fifth, Jane Doe #3 claims that she needed to include Prof. Dershowitz in her filing 
because her CVRA claim of "unfair" treatment "implicates a fact-sensitive equitable defense 
which must be considered in the factual context of the entire interface between Epstein, the 
relevant prosecutorial authorities and the federal offense victims." The "facts" to which this 
"defense" is sensitive, even if Jane Doe #3 is allowed to intervene, are the interactions between 
the prosecutors and Jane Doe #3, and not anything pertinent to Prof. Dershowitz personally. Nor 
are attorney-client communications between Epstein and his counsel at issue, or the proper 
subject of discovery in this action under any scenario. 
III. 
Jane Doe #3's Efforts to Bolster Her Lies About 
Prof. Dershowitz Are Remarkably Thin 
Setting aside the utter irrelevancy of the allegations against Prof. Dershowitz, having 
created an international imbroglio by their ill-conceived libels of Prof. Dershowitz, one would 
expect that Jane Doe #3 would be able to muster at least some credible support for their 
allegations. Yet the two "incontestable" facts she leads with in support of her claim that Prof. 
Dershowitz is a serial sex abuser are (1) that Mr. Epstein and Prof. Dershowitz were friends; and 
(2) Prof. Dershowitz visited Mr. Epstein's house. Of course, these supposedly "incontestable" 
facts are evidence of nothing. 
In the affidavit she submitted to this court, Jane Doe #3's lack of credibility is readily 
apparent. She has now sworn under oath, repeating a fragrant lie that she had previously sold to 
a British newspaper: namely that "former President Bill Clinton was present on the island 
[Jeffrey Epstein's private island] at a time when [Jane Doe #3] was also present on the island." 
(DE 291-1 at 153.) In this easily discredited fabrication's, Jane Doe #3 expounded in imaginative 
The name of the publication is intentionally omitted as Jane Doe # 3 reveals her identity 
EFTA01132969
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 10 of 19 
detail about her fictional meeting with former President Clinton, providing an elaborate 
description about how Mr. Clinton and his secret service detail somehow allowed Ghislaine 
Maxwell, then a novice helicopter pilot, to fly all of them to Jeffrey's Epstein's private island on 
Epstein's black helicopter, as well as details about the specific place at the dinner table at which 
she and Mr. Clinton were seated5. Id. Jane Doe #3 also gave this British newspaper an account 
of yet another fictional meeting on the same island, but this time with former vice president Gore 
and his then wife, Tipper, providing specific details purportedly to enhance the value of her 
fictional story: "The Gores seemed like a beautiful couple when I met them... Jeffrey [Epstein] 
didn't ask me to give him a massage... I was planning on voting for him when I turned 18. I 
thought he was awesome." On information and belief, Prof. Dershowitz represents to the Court 
therein. A copy of the publication, or a link to the article, will be provided to the Court at the 
Court's request. 
The article states, in relevant part: "On one occasion,[Jane Doe #3] adds, Epstein did invite two 
young brunettes to a dinner which he gave on his Caribbean island for Mr. Clinton shortly after 
he left office. But, as far as she knows, the ex-President did not take the bait. "I'd have been 
about 17 at the time,' [Jane Doe #3] says. 'I flew to the Caribbean with Jeffrey and then 
Ghislaine Maxwell went to pick up Bill [Clinton] in a huge black helicopter that Jeffrey had 
bought her. She'd always wanted to fly and Jeffrey paid for her to take lessons, and I remember 
she was very excited because she got her licence around the first year we met. I used to get 
frightened flying with her but Bill had the Secret Service with him and I remember him talking 
about what a good job she did. I only ever met Bill twice but Jeffrey had told me that they were 
good friends. I asked, `How come?' and he laughed and said, 'He owes me some favours.' 
Maybe he was just joking but it constantly surprised me that people with as much to lose as Bill 
and [Prince] Andrew weren't more careful. Bill must have known about Jeffrey's girls... We all 
dined together that night. Jeffrey was at the head of the table. Bill was at his left. I sat across 
from him. [], Ghislaine's bonde British assistant, sat at my right. Ghislaine was at Bill's left and 
at the left of Ghislaine there were two olive-skinned brunettes who'd flown with us from New 
York. I'd never met them before. I'd say they were no older than 17, very innocent-looking... 
Maybe Jeffrey thought they would entertain Bill, but I saw no evidence that he was interested in 
them. He and Jeffrey and Ghislaine seemed to have a very good relationship. Bill was very 
funny. He made me laugh a few times. And he and Jeffrey Ghislaine told blokey jokes and the 
brunettes listed politely and giggled. After dinner I gave Jeffrey an erotic massage. I don't 
remember seeing Bill again on the trip but I assume Ghislaine flew him back.' 
I0 
EFTA01132970
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 11 of 19 
that evidence will show that former president Clinton, former vice president Al Gore, and Tipper 
Gore never set foot on Epstein's private island, and that in all events Jane Doe #3's detailed 
accounts are not merely preposterous on their face but in fact entirely false and her sworn 
statement to this court is perjurious. 
Indeed, while the points raised above show a complete lack of investigation into the 
credibility of the woman making these scurrilous allegations6, what is most remarkable about 
Jane Doe #3's Response is what it omits. Approximately six years ago, Jane Doe #3 took 
advantage of the NPA' s provisions, sued Mr. Epstein and received a monetary settlement. 
Ironically, Jane Doe #3 now seeks to overturn the very NPA which required Epstein to waive his 
right to contest liability by moving to join the instant action which seeks to rescind that very 
agreement. 
Yet, she apparently never once mentioned Prof. Dershowitz's now supposedly systematic 
sexual abuse of her to the prosecutors or to her own lawyer. No explanation is given for this 
monumental inconsistency. Nor, despite his supposed status as a co-conspirator in a scheme to 
cover up an underage sex abuse ring, is there any explanation given for the fact that Prof. 
Dershowitz was never even investigated—or even mentioned—as a potential suspect. 
Meanwhile the present case has been proceeding for the last six and a half years, but no 
explanation has been given for the timing of Jane Doe #3's effort to join this case only last 
month. 
Prof. Dershowitz reserves the right to promptly file a succinct supplement to this Reply brief 
with information which he is in the process of confirming presently. 
EFTA01132971
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 12 of 19 
IV. 
Prof. Dershowitz Immediately Responded to Jane Doe #3's Allegations 
Against Him by Asking to Defend his Reputation 
Jane Doe #3 also argues that Prof. Dershowitz should not be allowed to intervene because 
"he has declined to defend his reputation in other actions." (DE 279, at 12.) 
This is 
demonstrably false. It is without question that the Motion for Joinder filed by Jane Doe #3 on 
December 30, 2014 (DE 279) was the first time anyone has ever alleged that Prof. Dershowitz 
had any sexual contact with a minor. It necessarily follows that this is the first opportunity Prof. 
Dershowitz has had to defend his reputation related to "his involvement in Epstein's offenses." 
In fact, just six days after these venomous allegations were made, Prof. Dershowitz filed his 
Motion for Limited Intervention. (DE 282.) 
More specifically, Jane Doe #3 argues that when the civil lawsuit was brought by "one of 
the underage females" against Epstein in 2009 (Doe v. Epstein, No. 9:08-80893-KAM (S.D. 
Fla.), "Dershowitz understood that counsel for many of Epstein's victims believed that mounting 
evidence pointed toward his role extending beyond merely being an attorney for Epstein." (DE 
279 at 13.) This, too, is demonstrably false. Despite this rank and self-serving speculation about 
what Prof. Dershowitz "understood," there is not one piece of evidence which points to any 
allegations that he engaged in any sexual contact with any minor, or even observed any criminal 
activity, prior to the December 30, 2014 Motion for Joinder. Instead, the deposition testimony 
which Jane Doe #3 points to simply states that Prof. Dershowitz visited Epstein's home 
(Deposition Testimony of Alfredo Rodriguez at 199, 278, 279, DE 291-18, herein, "Rodriguez 
Depo. Tr.") Rodriguez specifically testified that he has no idea whether Prof Dershowitz had 
any contact at all with any female. 
EFTA01132972
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 13 of 19 
Q. And did you have any knowledge of why [Dershowitz] was visiting there? 
A. No ma'am. 
Q. And do you have any idea whether or not Mr. Dershowitz was also receiving 
massages? 
A. I don't know, Ma'am. 
Q. As to whether any of those women were ever associated with Mr. Dershowitz would it 
be a correct statement that you have absolutely no knowledge? 
A. I don't know, sir. 
Q. Okay. Were you in any way attempting in your response to Ms. Ezell to imply that 
Mr. Dershowitz had a massage by one of these young ladies? 
A. I don't know, sir. 
Q. You have no knowledge? 
A. No, sir. 
(Rodriguez Depo. Tr. at 279, 280, 385, 386.) To be sure, Rodriguez does testify that Prof. 
Dershowtiz was at Epstein's home when young females were present at the home — an allegation 
which Dershowitz strenuously denies. However, Rodriguez did not testify that Prof. Dershowitz 
saw, interacted with, or touched any of these females. 
Instead, when asked what Prof. 
Dershowitz did "while those girls were at the house," Rodriguez answered "He will read a book 
with a glass of wine by the pool, stay inside." (Id. at 426, 427.) When asked if Prof. Dershowitz 
ever even spoke to any of the girls, or "even knew that they were there" Rodriguez answered "I 
don't know." (Id. at 427.) This is consistent with the fact that Epstein's home is very large and 
has separate closed-off quarters where Epstein resided. Prof. Dershowitz never stepped into 
these private quarters. 
Jane Doe #3 also relies upon the September 8, 2009 deposition testimony of Mr. Juan 
Alessi to "corroborate" Jane Doe #3's sensational and false allegations regarding Prof. 
Dershowitz. However, a more complete examination of that testimony reveals that Alessi did 
not make any allegations of any wrong doing by Dershowitz. (See, DE 291-17, hereinafter 
EFTA01132973
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 14 of 19 
"Alessi Depo. Tr.") Alessi testified that he saw "many celebrities" at the house... [including) a 
very famous lawyer() that I'm sure you know, Alan Dershowitz, who spend [sic] at the house a 
couple times." (Alessi Depo. Tr. 70, 71.) However, Alessi made no allegations of improprieties 
against any of these individuals. Jane Doe #3 asks the Court to infer that because Prof. 
Dershowitz was at his client's home, he must have participated in nefarious activities. In fact, 
Prof. Dershowitz's friendship with Epstein consisted of the exchange of academic and 
intellectual ideas. At most, Alessi testified that Prof. Dershowitz visited Epstein's home and 
received a massage from an adult massage therapist, which "was a treat for everybody" at the 
Epstein home. (Id. at 74) ("Q. Did [Dershowitz] have massages sometimes when he was there? 
A. Yes. A massage was like a treat for everybody. If they want it, we call the massage and they 
have a massage.") 
Alessi explains that he was referring to massages performed by adult 
massage therapists. (Id. at 184) ("Q. All right. And if I understood your testimony is, the ones 
the — that is, of the massage therapists as you've just described [a hundred, 200 different massage 
therapists], you saw some men? A. Yes. Q. You saw more women? A. Yes. Q. And all of the 
women, at least from your viewpoint, were 18, 19 or older? A. Yes. ")7
Messrs. Alessi and Rodriguez did not allege that Prof. Dershowitz received a massage 
from any underage females, had any physical contact whatsoever with any underage females, or 
witnessed anyone engaging in any inappropriate behavior with any underage females. 
Additionally, despite their allegations to the contrary, it is clear that previous testimony from 
Rodriguez and Alessi does not corroborate Jane Doe #3's baseless and utterly false affidavit. 
(DE 291-I.) 
In fact, the only massage Prof. Dershowitz ever received at any of Epstein's homes was from a 
professional massage therapist who was in her 30's or 40s. 
EFTA01132974
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 15 of 19 
Next, Jane Doe #3 claims that Prof. Dershowitz declined to defend his reputation in the 
Edwards v. Epstein lawsuit (Case no. 502009-CA-040800) in Palm Beach County Circuit Court. 
(Opp. to Mtn. to Intervene at 13.) 
In support of this allegation, Jane Doe #3 argues that her 
attorney in the instant matter, Bradley Edwards (through his attorney Jack Scarola) contacted 
Prof. Dershowitz to seek his voluntary cooperation in answering questions about Prof. 
Dershowitz's client, Jeffrey Epstein's conduct. Prof. Dershowitz responded by letter stating 
As you may know, I was Jeffrey Epstein's attorney when he submitted his guilty plea. 
Accordingly, "any knowledge" I may have in connection with that plea is privileged 
information. If you would let me know what non-privileged information you would seek 
from me, I would then be able to decide whether to cooperate. 
(DE 291-11.) Dershowitz sent a second letter on or about August 29, 2011 explaining that he 
has "never personally observed Jeffrey Epstein in the presence of underage females," and asking 
Edwards' attorney to provide him with any alleged basis for his unfounded belief. Edwards' 
attorney responded by stating that based on "sworn testimony and private interviews" he had 
"placed [Dershowitz] in the presence of Jeffrey Epstein on multiple occasions... when Jeffrey 
Epstein was in the company of underage females subsequently identified as victims." (DE 291 at 
13, 14.) Again, no allegations were made at that time by Edwards' attorney, or by anyone else, 
that Prof. Dershowitz engaged in any inappropriate conduct or witnessed any inappropriate 
conduct related to Jeffrey Epstein and underage females. Instead, Edwards was incorrectly 
seeking Prof. Dershowitz's cooperation for a civil suit between Dershowitz's client, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and Edwards himself 
Remarkably, because Prof. Dershowitz did not agree to 
compromise his ethical obligations to his client, by voluntarily cooperating with Epstein's 
EFTA01132975
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 16 of 19 
adversaries, Jane Doe #3 argues that Prof. Dershowitz should not be allowed to intervene in this 
actions. 
It is clear from the record, however, that Prof. Dershowitz acted immediately to defend 
himself the first time he was made aware of any such allegations against him. In fact, just six 
days after Jane Doe #3 filed her Motion for Joinder, which included vicious allegations against 
him, Prof. Dershowitz filed his Motion for Limited Intervention. (DE 282.) Accordingly, Prof. 
Dershowitz should be permitted to intervene for the limited purposes of moving to strike these 
outrageous and impertinent allegations. 
V. 
Jane Doe #3's Reliance on Other's Invocation of the 
Fifth Amendment is Improper and Wholly Unpersuasive 
Without a shred of physical evidence or witness corroboration for Jane Doe #3's 
fantasies, she relies on invocations of the Fifth Amendment by Epstein as supportive of an 
adverse inference as to Prof. Dershowitz. Given that Epstein was taking the Fifth Amendment 
on virtually all questions, and would have responded in the same way had the opposite questions 
been asked, there is no inference against Prof. Dershowitz to be made from the invocation of the 
Fifth Amendment by Epsteins. Epstein's interest — in declining to answer any questions 
whatsoever — was his own personal interest and not that of his lawyers, and lacks even minimal 
relevance. 
Coquina Investments v. TD Bank, N.A., 760 F.3d 1300, 1310-11 (11th Cir. 
2014)(adverse inferences from the fifth amendment invocation by third parties allowed only 
Jane Doe #3's argument that he has not yet scheduled his deposition in this case, or the recently 
filed defamation action, is of no moment. At the appropriate time, Prof. Dershowitz will of 
course, appear for his deposition and testify that Jane Doe #3's allegations as to him are entirely 
false. This, however, has no bearing as to whether the Court should permit the limited 
intervention Prof. Dershowitz seeks. 
Had Epstein been asked about anyone — from leading government officials to members 
of the clergy — he would have similarly invoked the Fifth Amendment. 
EFTA01132976
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 17 of 19 
where inference is "trustworthy under all of the circumstances" including relationship, shared 
interest and control); Kontos v. Kontos, 968 F.Supp. 400, 407-408 (1997) (no adverse inference 
allowed from invocation of Fifth Amendment by sister of civil defendant in absence of "identity 
of interests"); Sebastian v. City of Chicago, 2008 WL 2875255 *33-34 (N.D. Ill. 2008)(no 
adverse inference from invocation of Fifth Amendment in absence of close family or business 
relationship). Similarly, any other witnesses taking the Fifth Amendment and remaining silent to 
protect themselves are obviously not creating any kind of evidence against Prof. Dershowitz. 
See, Coquina Investments, 760 F.3d at 1310 (11th Cir. 2014). 
Conclusion 
In conclusion, Prof. Dershowitz has no interest in joining this case other than to strike the 
scurrilous and irrelevant allegations against him. If the Court grants Jane Does #3 and #4 motion 
for joinder (DE 279), then Prof. Dershowitz's motion for limited intervention should be granted 
for such purposes as may be appropriate including submitting a motion to strike or other relief, 
so as to give him an opportunity to defend himself against harmful, defamatory and false 
allegations of the worse kind. If the Court rejects the pending motion for joinder, then the Court 
should strike the scurrilous allegations against Dershowitz, or, alternatively, determine the 
possible mootness of his Motion for Limited Intervention. Of course, if the Court strikes the 
allegations against him snot sponte, Prof. Dershowitz will withdraw his motion for limited 
intervention. 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ 
Kendall Coffey 
Kendall Coffey. Fla. Bar No. 259681
Gabriel Groisman. Fla. Bar No. 25644 
EFTA01132977
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 18 of 19 
Beniamin H. Brodsky, Fla. Bar No. 73748 
COFFEY BURLINGTON, P.L. 
2601 South Bayshore Drive, PHI 
Miami, Florida 33133 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
- 
and — 
Thomas Scott, Fla. Bar No.  149100 
COLE, SCOTT & KISSANE, P.A. 
Dadeland Centre II 
9150 South Dadeland Boulevard, Suite 1400 
Miami, Florida 33156 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Counsel for Prof Alan M. Dershowitz 
EFTA01132978
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 306 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/02/2015 Page 19 of 19 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served by Notice of 
Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF, on this 2nd day of February, 2015, on all counsel or 
parties of record on the Service List below. 
/s/ Kendall Coffey 
SERVICE LIST 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33301 
Telephone 
Facsimile 
E-mail: 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Lake 
Salt Lake Cit UT 84112 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
E-Mail: 
Attorneys for Jane Doe #1, Z 3, and 4 
Dexter Lee 
A. Marie Villafaila 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY'S OFFICE 
500 S. Australian Ave., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
E-mail: 
Attorneys for the Government 
EFTA01132979

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132980.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 07 Mar 2014 22:14:15 +0000 
Attachments: Asset SummaryFeb_20_2014.xls 
Sorry, I walked out of Rich's office yesterday after we spoke and forgot to resend this to you. Made a change to include the 
GRAT Rec and Payables 
Will update again for our meeting next week. 
Best, Eileen 
EFTA01132980

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132981.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Date: Mon, 14 Oct 2013 11:17:19 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01132981
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01132982
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01132983

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132984.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith •t:
> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: 
Paul Morris 
, Nav Gupta 
, Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 5 US Liquid Stocks (GILD, HCA, CMCSA, FFIV, XOM) [C] 
Date: Fri, 07 Mar 2014 23:35:36 +0000 
Attachments: HCA_2.4.14.pdf; GILD_ defend_3.6.14.pdf; FFIV_LTE_3.2.14.pdf 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(1); unnamed(2); unnamed(3); unnamed(4); unnamed(5); unnamed(6) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Per your request, concentrating on 5 liquid, US equities we really like. Targeting Healthcare, Energy and Tech sectors: 
Gilead (GILD) 
HCA holdings (HCA) 
Comcast (CMCSA) 
F5 Networks (FFIV) 
Exxon (XOM) 
Put $3mm in each, total $15mm to work. More detail below. 
Have a great weekend. 
Tazia 
Gilead (GILD) • trades avg 10mm shs/day 
Biotech was beat-up today. There is a lot of market chatter on stretched valuations, especially on upcoming IPOs. Understand 
that you have a bullish outlook on the group. ADD to your Gilead (GILD). After today's trade, you're long 8.1k shares at 
$78.90. DB price target $132 (65% implied upside). Chart below, report from this week defending vs a voluntary recall (392k 
bottles only) attached. 
GILD 1 yr Price History 
EFTA01132984
--- PAGE 2 ---
GILD US 
S 
79.465 
-.455 
C/79.46 /79.47Q 
mi. At 15:13 
Vol 17 022 064 
G 81.21Q 
H 81.35P 
L 77.81D 
~ave 
As 
9.5 Action~~-m~~-w
- tabte 
1.0 
2x21 
Val 1.3438 
brie Chart 
3D 
YTD 
Sl 
Max 
Daily • 
Security/Stexly 
Eve l. 
Mi
na 
In lag 
nacare  
Pazy. »gs MMM 
• Last Price
I 
79.465  
T High on 02/25/14 83.95 
-- Average 
62.9757 
i Low-on.03/19/-13 44.38 
.Track- L —Arinotate 
Zoom 
. 85
IEREN 
B-75 
B-70 
B-65 
B-60 
B-55 
B-50 
B-45 
Mar 
vi 
a 
Jun 
Sep 
2013 
2014 
HCA Holdings (HCA) - Trades avg 3mm shs/day 
"Best in breed" hospital co; strong operating follow-through in 4Q after a positive preannouncement. DB Price target: 558 
(17% implied upside). 
HCA 1 r Price Histor 
HCA US 
S 
49.55 
-.07 
..I 
At 15:23 
Vol 2 145 962 
ID 
3D 
1M 
N49.55 /49.57h 
4x4 
C 49.99 
50.52D 
L 49.45D 
Val 107 17411 
ave 
ion 
Une CW.t 
6M 
1Y 
SY 
Max oaity 
'3~9 
EIMM 
11) CemDare 
Max Avga 
Gr
ot Eve t 
". =I" 
*Track- s_--Mnotatei 
News- 0, Zoorri 
VTD 
• Last Price 
49.55 
T High on 03/03/14 51.69 
-9- Average 
42.6082 
1. Low on 07/03/13 35.49 
Ar\ 
, aiume 
. cp • Volume 
2.146h1 
L a 
423M 
k 
Mar 
Jun 
Sep 
2013 
I 
2014 
Dec 
52.00 
ega 
48.00 
46.00 
44.00 
42.00 
40.00 
38.00 
36.00 
10M 
Comcast (CMCSA) - tredes avg 12mm shs/day 
Finalization of TimeWarner Cable acquisition pending. DB price target of 564 (23% implied upside). 
CMCSA lyr Price History 
EFTA01132985
--- PAGE 3 ---
InicsA US 
S 
51.70 
-.41 
0"- - Nv.-.. 
051.70 /51.71Q 
18x18 
a 
At 14:50 
Vol 8 421 756 
52.321) 
H 52.37Q 
L 51.44Z 
Val 436.40711 
=En 
Ilan 
anon 
PIN. A4x MIIIIIMII 
lY 
iv 
max 
Daily • 
 II
Irs_Secunty/Stud
nt--
O 
TrackZ AnnotaT4" "'flews 
• Last Price 
51.70 
T High on 02/12/14 55.24 
"9- Average 
45.6145 
I Low on 06/20/13 38.91 
0: Zoom`. 
! -56.00 
0-54.00 
"
V I  
- ViVerr 
P-48.00 
P-46.00 
P-44.00 
P-42.00 
P-4O.00 
I-38.00 
y Ili Volume 
8.427M 
L • 
SMAVG 
5) 20.17911 
Mar 
Jun 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
2013 
2014 
n- 50M 
F5 Networks (FFIV) - Trades -1.8mm shs/day 
Growth in Telco and Next-Gen Security. F5. rovides solutions for Internet traffic management to the big Telcos. Fundamental 
tailwinds in demand, and following a 2yr 
investment. DB just raised price target to $130 (14% implied upside). Believe 
momentum in shares continues, reports Q2 on 4/23. 
FFIV 1 r Price Histo 
IFFIV US S 
l 1.1.1.40 
Vol 1,437,007 
. 
At 15:45 
FFN US Equity 
3) 
.6 13 ,9TDP
IRII
Max" M
any 'II
wovzon 
‘,--- --- 
P114.40 /114.448 
x 1 
C 115.95Q 
H 116.707D 
L 113.97D 
Val  165.847M 
a"' 
line Qwrt aa
mov.hvg, MMIIM 
EN 
M
I
a: security/study 
I Event 
+ Track 
Annotate; 
M. News 0, Zoom 
Compere 
• Last Price 
114.40 
T High on 03/06/14 114.77
-0- Average 
86,8413 
• 
I Low on 06/24/13 68.02 
\fi 
P-100 
►90 
.80 
P-70 
• tolume 
437M  
■i
ssonL
iga l
tbami
8M
ISS
rt
Mar 
Jun 
Sep 
Dec 
2013 
2014 
P-10M 
Exxon(XONI) - Trades 12.7mm shares per day 
Like on higher oil and momentum up through $100 near-term. Note: DB does not cover. 
EFTA01132986
--- PAGE 4 ---
XOM lyr Price History 
Link 
X0M US S 
194.84 
+1.08 
N94.83 /94.841 
Sx84 
.11 
At 15:51 
Vol 9 978 142 094.37K 
H 94.991 
L 93.99N 
Val 944 
vysaveks 
—
31)-ktfirlEzirriffiner 
3) IMI
SHEIBLNFRPE
U F M
)aily• 
II 
e. Sib:miry/5DM 
carcare 
Hat Alas IMMM 
X0M US Equity 
.51M 
Track 
Annotate- 1-1! -News -O, Mon?,
• Last Price 
94.83 
T High on 12/27/13 101.51 
o Average 
 91.5811 
 Low on 10/09/13 85.1  
vo'n 
Line chart 
A ®g 
Event 
O 
Sep 
1Lihme 
9.97 
Mar 
Jun 
2013 
Dec 
2014 
102.00 
100.00 
98.00 
eigs
QL. CIA 
92.00 
90.00 
88.00 
84.00 
71IM 
9.97811 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Email
le 
Pagreio-z,fr Perform 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
03/07/2013 
EFTA01132987

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132988.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 14 Oct 2013 13:02:00 +0000 
Inline-Images: primeglobal_color blktext_tagline4823jpg; rem-newlogo_sm29.png; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18bejpg 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
number to call? 
On Mon, Oct 14, 2013 at 1:31 PM, Thomas Turrin
Yes...l'm in all day. 
Will be in about 9:15. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
can we speak today? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeex
ml@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA01132988
--- PAGE 2 ---
RAICH1
ENDEI n 
MALTER CO LLP 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 6 ADVISORS 
INSIDE PAVA nun. 
g2TOP 
N1OO 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication. you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to 
deliver this communication to such person(s). you may disclose, print, copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely 
for the purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception and/or use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have 
received this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and 
enclosures, from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (induding 
any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01132989

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132990.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01132990

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132991.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: your question 
Date: Mon, 14 Oct 2013 16:16:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color blktext_tagline4823jpg; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18bejpg 
Jeffrey, 
I rev'd the does 
the party to the exchange was the 97 T. 
We have an invoice from gallery stating sales tax paid. 
the exchange closed in Jan '13... 
Best, 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York, New York 10018 
(Direct line) 
(Fax) 
(Cell) 
Email: 
Website: 
RAICH 
ENDE 
WALTER CO LLP 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 6 ADVISORS 
Accounting
PTO P 
Rio° 
PrimeGlobal 
Inndep.enitendltunting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication. you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print. copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception and/or use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
EFTA01132991
--- PAGE 2 ---
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01132992

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132993.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
S 
EFTA01132993

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132994.pdf
----------------------------------------
I U.S. HEALTH CARE 
THE WORLD 
Demographic 
And 
Socioeconomic 
Statistics 
Poem% at 
.00in 
Oki* 
AP 
IN 
On 
MN 
Al 
GIC MANY 
IIINMOINNOIDOM 
A COIANIGIMIN 
A 
3 n.000 
.w 000 
M
A' ' 
anala.e.
 •.er...2= 
etaro===r,..,=.1
~
• 
aoyeenrrlinl hasleas aO.My to Control colds in the U 5 
wivata insurers  control 
lt:IL fur the melonvy of patiens. whole chanw.n. Gn payment velum for 1,,, 
insurance. programs like Medic aro end lvtacbC eta, are often cloven more by pol•lica 
than by the valve Of the Care received 
7(,-4 
Life 
Expectancy 
ami 
Mortality 
I-traitlb 
Service 
Avail ,.b illy 
Anal 
/.... 
V 
CA 
Iw
:GCB 
Jt 
IN 
MN 
Al
tl!!!!!!!11111 
r..k I a 
tor, 
Hoeft 
h 
Syntam. 
ON 
IN 
CO 
MX 
Let 
UM 
CA 
AV
cra
rw 
MH
• 
HU 
JP 
1 
How 
Does 
the 
U.S. 
Compare 
With 
Other 
OECD 
Countries? 
~min». ••••••••• 
2.4: en nornbe or ~canna feresa•ns in five ea. 
t.000 poop. 
cononinan Go OCCO ovorreo oral 
.3: 
2.1: 
1. 5% 
12.5% 
516.000==... 
S6.2M717
, 
5 % 
- 
School of Public Health 
ileolth Services 
IVIPFICO,GW 
EFTA01132994

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132995.pdf
----------------------------------------
; 
EFTA01132995

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132996.pdf
----------------------------------------
"III S
S
%%‘s
EFTA01132996

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132997.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 12:03:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg 
Amazing! Thank you! 
How are you doing? Don't you miss London? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 6 Oct 2013, at 12:35, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
sounds like you don't need any.. good for you 
On Sun, Oct 6, 2013 at 7:34 AM, 
wrote: 
All going great at work, I love it! I get to be involved in c\ erything that happens in the company.
... But all I do is 
work, so personal life not much. I still have the 
but I don't want to 
move back, I really like it here. I want to have at least 3 years experience before moving to another country! 
... Any advices? 
EFTA01132997
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On 6 Oct 2013, at 12:19, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
news? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01132998

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01132999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01132999.pdf
----------------------------------------
Froin• 
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 06 Oct 2013 12:06:47 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg 
EFTA01132999
--- PAGE 2 ---
This could be sexy 
EFTA01133000
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133001
--- PAGE 4 ---
On 6.10.2013, at 13:45, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
take a sexy photos and send? 
On Sun, Oct 6, 2013 at 7:22 AM, 
wrote: 
Not yet. I'm going out tommorow 14:45 local time from 
How r u? When is your flight to Paris? 
Check new decorations in my room :-) 
<image.jpeg> 
<image.jpeg> 
On Oct 6, 2013, at 12:39 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are you in london 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA01133002
--- PAGE 5 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133003

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133004.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pr 
EFTA01133004

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133005.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ramsey Elkholy 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 02:37:49 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: ATT00001; photo.PNG 
Working on this girl 
who I'm sure you'll love. I've been chatting w her on fb but nothing I can do 
w modeling be she has a mother agency. She's a painter and I told her I could introduce her to someone with an 
extensive art collection who can advise her or maybe help her exhibit her work (you). If you can think of 
someone more directly relevant in this case, art dealer, someone with a gallery that can get her started, etc. 
please let me know and we can try that way. 
p.s. The girl to her right in the pic is Slovakian model 
friends... 
http://models.com/people/hana-jirickova 
girl). They are good 
EFTA01133005

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133006.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133006

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133007.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Fab <info@fab.com> 
To: jeeproject@yahoo.com 
Subject: Plastic Makes Perfect: 20 Days To Save 20% On Kartell 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 14:11:43 +0000 
Unable to see this message? Click here to view. 
To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add info@fab.com to your address book. 
Don't want this?Sqlely =subscribe 
s:Smiles Guaranteed 
Shop Now 
EFTA01133007
--- PAGE 2 ---
About Help Contact Us Return Policy Shipping Terms Privacy 
fret
You received this email because you are registered on fab.com with the email address: jeeprojectPyahoo.com.
We respect your privacy. View our privacy_policy. If you believe this has been sent to you in error, please safely 
unsuhscribe.
Facom Inc. 
Morton Street, 5th Floor 
New York, NY 10014 
EFTA01133008

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133009.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Neoclassical Sculpture 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 16:14:42 +0000 
Attachments: Vespasian_Info.doc; DETAIL_OF_HOMER.jpg; HOMER_Ljpg; HOMER_2.jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: < 
Date: Sat, Oct 5, 2013 at 5:34 AN1 
Subject: Fwd: Neoclassical Sculpture 
To: jeffrey_®jeffreysp
it 
rg 
Dear Mr J. Epstein, 
Hope all is well! 
In the 90's you purchased a wonderful monumental carved coloured marble bust of emperor Vitellius from us 
which we still recognise as one of the finest coloured 17th Century marble sculptures we've worked with. 
Recently we acquired two rare marble works you maybe interest in. 
Please find attached images of: 
AN 18TH CENTURY COLOURED MARBLE SCULPTURE OF MOUNTED MARBLE ARMOUR 
SPANISH 
£35,000= PLUS 10% COMMISSION 
A RARE 18TH CENTURY COLOURED MARBLE BUST OF HOMER 
HEIGHT 26" 
£20,000= PLUS 10% COMMISSION 
PROVENANCE: PRIVATE COLLECTION 
Please do not hesitat to contact us should you require more deatils,. 
Yours sincerely, 
Mark Green. 
NB. Further, attached are details of a fine marble bust of Vespasian that may also be of interest: £11,000= 
EFTA01133009

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133010.pdf
----------------------------------------
; 
EFTA01133010

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133011.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133011

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133012.pdf
----------------------------------------
A. • 
EFTA01133012

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133013.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Fw:Bruce Galloway 
Date: Sat, 08 Mar 2014 16:14:12 +0000 
Attachments: Bruce_Gallowayresume.doc; Model_Portfolio-NN.wk20140228.xlsx; Track_Record2013-
FEB2014.xlsx 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: March 8, 2014, 10:06:50 AM EST 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein"
Subject: Fw• 
Reply-To: 
Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
From: 
Date: Sat, 8 Mar 2014 15:05:54 +0000 
To: Joe Nicholas 
ReplyTo: 
Subject: Fw: 
Here are the #s through Feb. We are + pretty big in March also. If you look at my powerpoint, you will see 
+430 percent 03-06 and over 1000 percent 97-99. Let's get together and disscuss. Miami's financial exposure is 
just starting. We can make it happen here. Bruce. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: eugene kim
Date: Wed 5 Mar 2014 20:27:09 -0800 (PS 
To: 
ReplyTo: eugene kim 
Subject: Re: 
Attached are: 
Resume; 
Model Portfolio (updated thru 2.28) 
2013-2/2014 Track record (updated thru end Feb. 2014) 
I will send across the updated presentation by Friday. Please let me know how it 
goes. Am eager to know whether the fund is happening or not. 
EFTA01133013
--- PAGE 2 ---
EK 
From: 
To: Eugene < 
Sent: Monday, March 3, 2014 11:56 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Can you. Please just add Feb to the spread sheet , so I can send it out. Want to keep people warm. 
Thanks. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: eugene kim < 
Date: Sun, 2 Mar 2014 19:27:25 -0800 PST 
To: 
ReplyTo: eugene kim < 
Subject: Re: 
I will get it out to you later this week. 
> 
> 
Am tied up on something that I need to get out by Wed. Once done, I will update the 
powerpoint and performance numbers. Will try to get something out to you before the 
end of the week. 
EK 
From: 
To: Eugene < 
Sent: Monday, March 3, 2014 9:03 AM 
Subject: 
Good news + again for Feb. +5.2 percent. 
Jacombs. 404 starting value. +25.3, -45.4. Adj starting 
value 384. Ending value 353.6. For -7.9. BG IRA. Starting value. 870. -25.3. Adj 844.7. Ending 
value. 939. +11.1. Total value 1228.7 beginning. 1296.6 ending value for a total of +5.2 percent. 
How was the model portfolio?? I figure +25 percent or +15mm. Can you do email to me with the 13-
actual performance#s My CV, and the powerpoint, highlighting my 92-09 track record. We really 
need to key this up now. I'm gonna get on it. Marketing is not my thing but I have to do it. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA01133014

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133015.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Philip Levine for Mayor 
To: jeevacation(a2ginail.com 
Subject: The Truth About the Sunset Harbour Parking Garage 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2013 21:10:37 +0000 
Levine For Mayor 
Dear Friends and Neighbors, 
Recently, my main opponent's shadowy negative attack group sent out direct 
mail spreading blatantly false lies about the Sunset Harbour project and my 
involvement in the deal - a project he voted to fund in 2O1O. His attacks are of 
no surprise. His empty promises have forced him to attack me rather than 
campaign on his own accomplishments. 
EFTA01133015
--- PAGE 2 ---
The truth about the Sunset Harbour project is this: After the City's failed 
attempt to combine a parking lot with a plan to build a Home Depot in the 
Sunset Harbour area, the City approached my partner and me to add parking 
in the Sunset Harbour area. Per the City's request, my business partner and I 
simply sold the air rights above our private land to the City to build a public 
parking garage. 
Contrary to Gongora's false claims, I did not pocket $8,000,000 from the deal. 
Rather those funds were used to acquire additional land (the former Tremont 
Towing lot) to use for the new multistory parking garage. The money the City 
used for the purchase of the air rights and for the construction of the parking 
garage came from the Parking Fee Fund, which was created by the City 
specifically to increase public parking capacity, as well as from a parking bond 
issue the City has adopted for numerous Miami Beach parking projects. 
There are a number of public benefits to the Sunset Harbour project: A 
severely underserved neighborhood with insufficient parking was enhanced. 
The new retail development increases the City's tax base and provides the 
local neighborhood-serving business establishments with a reasonable parking 
option. The project also created more recreational space in Flamingo Park. 
The City was able to reclaim nearly an acre of park land by relocating the 
maintenance department from Flamingo Park to the new Sunset Harbour 
parking garage. 
With your continued help and support, together we will realize victory and new 
leadership! 
Thank you, 
Philip 
EFTA01133016
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133017
--- PAGE 4 ---
P 
Political advertisement paid for and a roved b Phil' Levine for Mayor of Miami Beach. 
Philip Levine for Mayor I 
1960 Mon Road 
Miami Beach. FL 33139 
F. 
Forward this email 
r r 
This email was sent to jeevacation@gmail.o3m by 
Update Profile/Email Address Instant removal with SafeUnsubscnbew Privacy Policy. 
Philip Levine for Mayor 960 Alton Road Miami Beach FL 33139 
EFTA01133018

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133019.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Milken Institute" <events@milkeninstitute.org> 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Milken Institute Monthly - October 2013 
Date: Tue, 08 Oct 2013 00:31:10 +0000 
View web version here. 
header 
• 2, 
Upcoming Events 
Finerman's Rules: Secrets I'd Only 
Tell My Daughters About Business 
and Life 
Forum 
October 10 - Santa Monica 
Innovate Like IDEO: Meet 
the Dynasts of Design 
Forum 
October 24 - Santa Monica 
A Conversation with Bill Richardson 
Breakfast 
October 25 - Santa Monica 
By invitation only 
P4C 
Partnering for Cures 
November 3 - 5 
New York 
CA Summit 
Milken Institute Summit - California 
November 21 
Los Angeles 
By invitation only 
Chart of the Matter 
Decade of Growth Chart 
Decade of Strong Emerging Market Growth 
What's driving global growth? 
Insight from the London Summit 
Condon Summit 
MGM Boiler of Citibank gives his predictions for the 
global economy. With mm are Mn Cairns of 
MasterCard (centeriand moderato Gran Tell of the 
emenoei Tones. 
The third time had a special 
charm. The Institute's invitation-
only London Summit, held at the 
spectacular Heron Tower, brought 
together nearly 1,000 participants 
from all corners of the globe. 
Speakers included former U.K. 
Prime Minister Tony Blair, Apollo's 
Leon Black and UBS' Alexander 
Friedman. Panels at the third 
annual Summit focused on 
solutions to some of the world's 
most urgent challenges, including how the billions of dollars on corporate 
balance sheets can unlock growth in emerging markets. 
Buzzworthy Summit Videos 
Global 
Overview video 
Global Overview 
Lel; Access to 
Capital video 
Access to Capital 
Credit 
Markets video 
Credit Markets 
Institute will work with Blair, Rwanda on best 
practices to drive investment 
How can we stimulate growth and improve living standards in fast-growing 
economies around the world? That was the topic of a roundtable last week in 
New York, where speakers included Tony Blair, former prime minister of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the founder of the Tony Blair Africa 
Governance Initiative; Paul Kagame, president of the Republic of Rwanda; 
Strive Masiyiwa, chairman and founder of Econet Wireless; Seth Merlin, 
chairman of the Access to Global Capital Initiative and founder and CEO of 
Liquidnet; Mike Milken, chairman of the Milken Institute. The roundtable was 
part of the Milken Institute's Agrea§ to Glohal Capital Initiative developed in 
partnership with Liquidnet, which will work together with the Tony Blair Africa 
Governance Initiative and the government of Rwanda to help identify and 
implement best practices that accelerate the flow of capital. 
EFTA01133019
--- PAGE 2 ---
Quick Links 
Milken Institute 
Research 
Events 
Blog 
MI Review 
Insights 
„Vie,vp 
oints 
from Institute Experts 
Milken Institute Center for Financial Markets 
submits open letter to the SEC on amendments 
to the JOBS Act 
,The Fed 
,,:yanufact 
uring 
Zero taper: Short-term rally, long-term Fed 
weakness 
Manufacturing's upswing to be felt in the 
service sector 
A nonprofit nonpartisan economic think tank. the &Men Instals'e believes in the power of finance to shape the future. The Milken Institute produces rigorous. independent 
economic research-and maximizes its impact by convening global leaders from the worlds of business. Mance. policy. academia, and phaanthropy. By fostering caaborabon 
between the public and private sectors. we transform great ideas into action. 
MILKEN INSTITUTE I Changing the World in Innovative Ways 
1250 Fourth Street I Santa Monica. CA 90401 
1101 New York Avenue. NW I Suite 620 I Washington. DC 20005 
Manage Subscriptions I 
g atgvent - Web-based Software Solutions 
EFTA01133020

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133021.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
.( 
EFTA01133021

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133022.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
• 
• 
• 
I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
a 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
a 
• 
•
• 
• 
• 
ik 
. it 
t • 
.. 
• ' 
s 0, 
, 
k 
- 
. 
• 
• i
:4
tt.,..: :41% ::::tt. it..::
-..:44;'.. 
 : 
:: :kag,cliji 441 a 1:  •t,' 
• 
*. 
. 
t  
• 
' 
.
•  - 
• 
i 
• 
* 
• 
• 
. 
e , . '• 
. 
- b, .14 '• ' 
% ti s \ 
'I L' 
• 
, A 
. 
. 
. • 
• 
r ..v „,..r 
. 
• 
) 
• 
• 
• 
 v 
*ik4 
. 
• 
, 
I 
It 
° 
. 
•
I 
-• 
I 
• 
& 
/ I
. 
,, 
•• 
. so 
• 
• 
•
• 
• 
I. 
a t• 
• 
* 
. 
51,)N 
• 
•.
e 
• 
‘ I 
IA 
\ 
%\ 
• 
e l
• 
• 
Se • 
r 
S.
 li  .s.4
• II, ! 
I 
• 
A 
• 
• 
t , 
t * 
th 
• 
• 
• • 
.1 t 
. 
. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
**Art/ 
. l
ot 
4.
• 
. 
• 
Ili. 
• 
4.
• A• 
. 
• 
. 
. 
‘i.k % , 
r 
a .• ir  11.  
r 
-, , 
ii, 
- • 
• 
•• 4 
-4,.. 
• . 
? 
* A k, , 
. ' 
A i 
t ' 
' 
• - 
• r 
• • 
, 
• .... 
..4 
• 
• 
ii • 
. 
a ,1/4.i. 
eittrj 
\ 
L
'aik
. 4 
\ 
: 
_ 
gliC.
• 
1/4. 
. 
•-• 
• 
• 
It 
$ 
' I 
• 
... 
• 
4,, 
%. 
‘ 
' 
s 
• 
ta . 
• 
‘• 
• 
• • 
• 
I. 
• 
A 
l 
- 
• 
A 
., 
• 
• 
I 
• 
T , 
- 
r .., 
P 
• 
. 
t 
. 
A 
• 
• 
' • 
• 
... i 
* 
•
s 
• • 
• 
t 
/ 
dill" 1 • 
• 
r 
. . 
.i 
/ v 
• 
' 
• 
. ) 
I 
' 
/ • 
• 
.46 
t 
''' 
• 
• 
• 
• jr
•
- 
. 
• 
I. • 
• • 4 
• 
• 
• 
•
• 
• 
4edkatia.„.44e 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• . • 
t - • 
• 
, . 
• 
•• 
• 
a 
• 
s 
' 
• 
s* 1. 
• _ 
. 4 
If 4„ 
; 
r • • • .1 
' 
S., •-- 
1,4i • -,‘ t. 
• 
• 
li t4 
• 
I
. 
• 
li
-  .-, 
•
•
t 
J 
• 
• 
. 
•• . - • 
a ;t
..- 
• 
s.— • 
i•
. 
bib,
 '
1c 
" 44 . 4 4' 4. 
. 
 •
• 
I
•
..-- 
2• 
• 
4. 
.• 
• 
• 
•It 
b. 
• 
Saila 
%Oa 
lib
take 
94414"lik 
• 
• 
• 
I/ 
: . ' • 
• 
• 
• 
•` r.
Mk , 
a 
• 
• 
• 
• 
. 
• 
I 
• 
• 
: 
? 
• ' 
• 
, • 1 
b e
t 
i • • 
• 
.- 
•
, 
, 
l 
• 
• 
! 
' 
II 
% 
••• 
a
. 
V • 
• 
* 
r 
• 
• 
•P 
.4 
I , 
• 
• 5. 
• 
• 
•• 
• 
• ill 
- 
• • 
• 
• 
fit 
• 
It 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
‘," 
•a
I 
* ; • 
. 
, • ) 
•• 
I 
1, 
•• IP 
lb 
f 
e 
. 
• 
)
 •
• 
4# 
i  
•il, 
. • 
li
a• 
• 
• 
As 
# 
is 
• 
I
•
• 
• 
ti
• 
• 
• 
a 
• 
• 
• 
e. 
1 
• e 
• 
• 
• 
• 
I 
• 
•• 
• 
I 
• 
• t•
I 
• • 
• 
S.
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
a 
•
I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
W;. 
I 
• 
a 
t • 
• Il 
, 1
. 
s •
. 
* * 4 
• 
.
• 
• 
• 
•
* 
se
, 4 
• 
r 
li 
... 
e 
q 
• 
o 
•
•' 
.0 
N • 
ll 
is *. 
. 
. 
• 
it 
' 
•
ill 
t 
• 
S. 
• 
• • 
•• • 
4, 
* 
% 
• '
• ui• . 
1c 
. 
I • . 
• 
a 
‘ 
• 
e 
ti 
II
S e 
Illi f idi • 
: p ; ,
' % •1. 
• 
V 
• 
• 
I 
t• 
. 
• 
, 
• 
0% 
. 
, 
IP 
EFTA01133022

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133023.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: pdf on inhibition of aPFC improving lying 
Date: Tue, 08 Oct 2013 14:00:11 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Karim2009Inhib.Lying.pdf 
Jeffrey 
i enjoyed talking to you 
i like the opposition between math and biology 
here is the more striking of the two papers i mentioned--inhibiting a 
deception-related area of the brain improves deception in multiple ways 
faster response when lying 
less guilt 
less physiological arousal (GSR) 
and more effective deception (that is, when it can be helpful) 
work also tends to confirm that the particular area of the brain really is 
involved in controlling deception (aPFC) 
i will check out the other paper later; feel free to call whenever you 
wish (October 14 to 27 i will be in Germany, but can usually call you from 
there) 
all the best 
bob 
EFTA01133023

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133024.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito 
Subject: Fwd: pdf on inhibition of aPFC improving lying 
Date: Tue, 08 Oct 2013 14:21:55 +0000 
Attachments: 1Carim2009Inhib.Lying.pdf 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Tuesday, October 8, 2013 
Subject: pdf on inhibition of aPFC improving lying 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Jeffrey 
i enjoyed talking to you 
i like the opposition between math and biology 
here is the more striking of the two papers i mentioned--inhibiting a 
deception-related area of the brain improves deception in multiple ways 
faster response when lying 
less guilt 
less physiological arousal (GSR) 
and more effective deception (that is, when it can be helpful) 
work also tends to confirm that the particular area of the brain really is 
involved in controlling deception (aPFC) 
i will check out the other paper later; feel free to call whenever you 
wish (October 14 to 27 i will be in Germany, but can usually call you from 
there) 
all the best 
bob 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01133024
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133025

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133026.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
E stein <*eevacation@gmail.co 
Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2013 23:15:23 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133026
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133027

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133028.pdf
----------------------------------------
facility in the tactics of subservience — a trained conform_ 
a 
- 
ity to the canons of effectual and conspicuous subservi_ 
t 
ence. Even to-day it is this aptitude and acquired skill 
_ 
f 
in the formal manifestation of the servile relation that 
i 
constitutes the chief element of utility in our highly paid 
servants, as well as one of the chief ornaments of the
well-bred housewife. 
The first requisite of a good servant is that he should 
conspicuously know his place. It is not enough that he 
knows how to effect certain desired mechanical results; 
he must, above all, know how to effect these results in 
due form. Domestic service might be said to be a spiritual 
rather than a mechanical function. Gradually there grows 
up an elaborate system of good form, specifically reg-
ulating the manner in which this vicarious leisure of the 
servant class is to be performed. Any departure from 
these canons of form is to be deprecated, not so much 
because it evinces a shortcoming in mechanical effici-
ency, or even that it shows an absence of the servile 
attitude and temperament, but because, in the last analy-
sis, it shows the absence of special training. Special train-
ing in personal service costs time and effort, and where 
it is obviously present in a high degree, it argues that 
the servant who possesses it, neither is nor has been 
habitually engaged in any productive occupation. It is 
prima facie evidence of a vicarious leisure extending far 
back in the past. So that trained service has utility, not 
only as gratifying the master's instinctive liking for good 
and skilful workmanship and his propensity for conspicu-
ous dominance over those whose lives are subservient 
EFTA01133028

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133029.pdf
----------------------------------------
[1
t
Conspicuous Consumption 
s own, but it has utility also as putting in evidence
to hi 
inuch larger consumption of human service than 
would
abe shown by the mere present conspicuous leisure per-
formed by an untrained person. It is a serious grievance 
if a gentleman's butler or footman performs his 
duties 
about his master's table or carriage in such unformed 
style as to suggest that his habitual occupation may be 
ploughing or sheep-herding. Such bungling work would 
imply inability on the master's part to procure the service 
of specially trained servants; that is to say, it would imply
inability to pay for the consumption of time, effort, and 
instruction required to fit a trained servant for special 
service under an exacting code of forms. If the perform-
ance of the servant argues lack of means on the part of 
his master, it defeats its chief substantial end; for the 
chief use of servants is the evidence they afford of the 
master's ability to pay. 
What has just been said might be taken to imply that 
the offence of an under-trained servant lies in a direct 
suggestion of inexpensiveness or of usefulness. Such, of 
course, is not the case. The connection is much less 
immediate. What happens here is what happens gener-
ally. Whatever approves itself to us on any ground at 
the outset, presently comes to appeal to us as a gratifying 
thing in itself; it comes to rest in our habits of thought 
as substantially right. But in order that any specific canon 
of deportment shall maintain itself in favour, it must 
continue to have the support of, or at least not be 
incompatible with, the habit or aptitude which consti-
tutes the norm of its 
develoment. The need of vicarious
leisure or 
p 
conspicuous consumption of service, is a 
EFTA01133029

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133030.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133030

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133031.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133031

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133032.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133032

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133033.pdf
----------------------------------------
reAsshYli, ,s 
EFTA01133033

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133034.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133034

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133035.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133035

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133036.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133036

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133037.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133037

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133038.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
• 
I It 
• 
• 
• 
• 
EFTA01133038

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133039.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
ri 
EFTA01133039

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133040.pdf
----------------------------------------
I. ••
 6. 
stt " 
EFTA01133040

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133041.pdf
----------------------------------------
3/4
EFTA01133041

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133042.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133042

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133043.pdf
----------------------------------------
-4 
EFTA01133043

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133044.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133044

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133045.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01133045

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133046.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133046

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133047.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth < 
Subject: Re: OW 1085 Squwks 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 11:11:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: image009.jpg; image007.jpg; image008.jpg 
i was merely giving you headlines. and many of them. 
On Sat, Sep 28, 2013 at 6:53 AM, Eric Roth <
IMa 
wrote: 
Good morning Larry, 
Please put together a detailed list that clearly identifies each squawk so that we can fully understand the discrepancy. 
Items such as "bed not right' require greater detail as this may be more about JE's preference that we desire to make 
him happy rather than something straightforward such "LM #2 upwash light inop". 
I am sure we will speak today and identify a plan of action. 
Eric 
ERIC H. ROTH i PRESIDENT 
.--)- international jet 
.
,,
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
www.intljet.com 3 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
EFTA01133047
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent Saturday, September 28, 2013 6:32 AM 
To: Eric Roth; kojet 
Subject: Re: 
Lights out, bed not right. stereo not working, tables not working. doors not closing or not opening. shade 
switches not working , camera not working. . apple tv not working, and more.. I know it will get fixed. and 
i appreciate it very much, we are five weeks over. and another week is needed not hours. 
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 10:07 PM, Eric Roth <1 
> wrote: 
I just sent Larry an email that we'll speak in the morning- I am very confident that we can resolve all items in 
minimal time(rattling doors, etc....). Obviously want to make sure you are happy. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
intljet com 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 10:02 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
you need to speak to larry 
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 9:20 PM, Eric Roth <1 
> wrote: 
Need a list then 
Don't understand? Obviously we we take care of any issues- I want to make sure you are 
happy. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
intljet.com 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 9:07 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA01133048
--- PAGE 3 ---
, many many issues Many. I know you are trying . Tables, stereo bed lights . Larry has a very long list . 
Not sure what happened . 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
:saaa*********a******aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa■■rrr************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeex
im@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133049
--- PAGE 4 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133050

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133051.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mark Tollison < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Update 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 15:13:14 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: JChrisCloud_res[1].doc 
Will do Sir, 
His name is Chris Cloud. 
Resume attached for your review. 
He also said he is security aware and has a current concealed weapon's permit. 
Best regards, 
Mark 
Mark Tollison 
The information contained in this e-mail is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the addressee(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient or the 
person responsible for delivering this confidential information to the intended recipient, you have received this information in error, and any review, use, dissemination, 
forwarding, printing, copying, or other distribution of this e-mail message and any attached files is strictly prohibited. The sender reserves the right to monitor any 
communication that is created, received, or sent on its network. If you have received this confidential communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
reply e-mail message and permanently delete the original communication. 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 06:28:22 -0400 
Subject: Re: Update 
EFTA01133051
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
his name? also when lyn and jojo are gone , you can try out maids. staff etc. asians with a service mentality. 
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 6:08 PM, Mark Tollison 
Sir, 
1. Household Procedures and Schedules for 9 E completed. 
wrote: 
2. Maintenance Procedures and Schedules for 9E to be completed next week by 10/2, with ops manual 
updated. 
3. Daily Protocols to create and maintain high standards for 9E being sent to staff and others as required. 
4. Skyped excellent mature male candidate with service mentality for operations side of island with 11 years 
combined experience managing islands for high net worth. He is a non smoker, non drinker, has no tatoos, no 
metal on body, no criminal/civil record. He is an American, with current passport, experience with power 
plants (including solar, wind, and hydro) landscaping, construction, and boats/yachts, can also cook. With 
your permission will take next step check references, etc. 
Best regards, 
Mark 
Mark Tollison 
The information contained in this e-mail is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the addressee(s) named above. If you are nor the intended recipient or 
the person responsible far delivering this confidential information to the intended recipient, you hove received this information in error, and any review, use, 
dissemination, forwarding, printing, copying, or other distribution of this e-mail message and any attached files is strictly prohibited. The sender reserves the right 
to monitor any communication that is created, received, or sent on its network. If you have received this confidential communication in error, please notify the 
sender immediately by reply e-mail message and permanently delete the original communication. 
EFTA01133052
--- PAGE 3 ---
******************** 
**************** 
*********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133053

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133054.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth < 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 'Ivjet' 
Cc: 'Jay Massar' 
Subject: Some of the Squawks - please read 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 16:13:55 +0000 
Inline-Images: image007.jpg; image008.jpg; image009.jpg 
Jay and Larry, 
I have exchanged numerous e-mails with Jeffrey last night and this morning. Further, Jeffrey and I just spoke on the phone 
discussing a few of the squawks. 
By no means is below the total list - just a few of the items that were discussed to be included in a formal list for us to work 
off. 
Divan-
JE notes that the foam build up on the GIV is different than the Glib. 
Additionally, JE states that the foam densities on the new back and bottom cushions of the divan in the GIV are different 
and noticeable when you deploy the divan to the berthing position. I want to open up both divans to personally see and 
identify the foams that were used. Bottom line is that Jeffrey wants us to use the foam from the Gllb in the new upholstery 
for the GIV. 
Entry Curtain-
Jeffrey had noted previously that he would like the gap between the top of the entry rain curtain and the headliner kept to 
an absolute minimum to help keep the noise out from the entry door to the cabin. 
Main Cabin Area Fluorescent Lighting-
As identified prior to flight, there are certain lights in the upwash / downwash lighting that are inoperative and/or 
intermittent. 
R/H Galley_ 
Difficulty deploying the fwd slide out cutting board. 
Doors -
There are a couple of door in the galley and aft lavatory that opened in flight. 
Aft Lavatory to Baggage Door-
JE identified that the door would not latch properly. 
UH #2 Single Seat-
JE noted that when compared to the R/H #2 seat, the electric seat function controls are not sequenced the same (fwd / 
middle / aft switch functions). Additionally, JE would like to know if there is a way to "limit' the recline on this seat so that 
the passenger does not 'crush" the back of the aft facing double seat? 
R/H #2 Master Switch Panel-
JE had previously requested that we look into if MCC could reprogram the two (2) discarded switch functions to control the 
shades "ALL UP" and "ALL DOWN". 
Galley and Lavatory Door/Drawers-
JE had requested we apply the clear bumpers to prevent the doors and drawers from rattling. 
Tables-
JE noted difficulty in the deployment / stowing of the side ledge tables in flight. 
Entertainment System - 
Obviously we need to send the battery back-up out for repair/ replacement so that it holds the institute settings of the head 
unit. 
Cockpit Camera-
EFTA01133054
--- PAGE 2 ---
Larry, please add or expand on the items on this list so that we can clearly identify and understand the squawk and so that 
we all work off of one (1) list to resolve these items. 
Thank you. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
G-9 international jet 
L h 
T 
E 
R I O 
R 
S 
I www.intljet.com 
%
*
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Saturday, September 28, 2013 6:32 AM 
To: Eric Roth; Ivjet 
Subject: Re: 
Lights out, bed not right. stereo not working, tables not working. doors not closing or not opening. shade 
switches not working , camera not working. . apple tv not working, and more.. I know it will get fixed. and i 
appreciate it very much, we are five weeks over. and another week is needed not hours. 
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 10:07 PM, Eric Roth < 
> wrote: 
I just sent Larry an email that we'll speak in the morning- I am very confident that we can resolve all items in 
minimal time(rattling doors, etc....). Obviously want to make sure you are happy. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
I nutlet coin 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 10:02 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you need to speak to larry 
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 9:20 PM, Eric Roth < 
wrote: 
Need a list then 
Don't understand? Obviously we we take care of any issues- I want to make sure you are 
happy. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
int jet.com 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 9:07 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA01133055
--- PAGE 3 ---
, many many issues Many. I know you are hying . Tables, stereo bed lights . Larry has a very long list . 
Not sure what happened . 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133056

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133057.pdf
----------------------------------------
OFFER TO PURCHASE 
March 8 2014 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Agent of Seller of capital stock of JEGE, Inc. 
do 6100 Red Hook Qtr., B3 
St Thomas, VI 00802-1348 
Re: Boeing 727-100 Super serial number 20115 
AL Research & Development, Inc. and or assigns (the "Buyer") hereby offers to purchase 100% of 
the capital stock of JEGE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), from the owner thereof 
(the "Seller"), which Company owns an FAR Part 125 Operating Certificate and one Boeing 727-
100, bearing manufacturer's serial number 20115, currently registered in the United States as N908.TE, 
together with two Pratt & Whitney JT8D-119 jet engines and one Pratt & Whitney JT8D-78 jet engine 
(the "Aircraft"), serial numbers to be provided in the Purchase Agreement (as hereinafter defined) and 
all aircraft documentation in the Company's possession, based on and pursuant to the following terms: 
Purchase Price: The purchase price for 100% of the capital stock of the Company shall be Four Million 
Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($4,500,000.00 USD). 
Deposit: Together with the acceptance of this Offer, but in any case no later than by March 12, 2014, 
a refundable deposit in the amount of Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($500,000.00 USD) (the 
"Deposit") shall have been made to the account of AIC Title Service, LLC, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
(the "Escrow Agent"), in accordance with the wire transfer instructions provided by the Escrow Agent. 
The Escrow fees shall be split equally between Seller and Buyer. 
The Deposit shall only become non-refundable upon Buyer's written Technical Acceptance (defined 
below) of the Aircraft and the execution and delivery by each of Seller and Buyer of the mutually 
acceptable Purchase Agreement, and the Deposit shall be applied towards the purchase price for 100% 
of the captial stock of the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
Condition of Aircraft: Upon Closing of the sale and purchase of the capital stock of the Company 
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Aircraft shall be in airworthy condition under all FAA 
requirements; all aircraft systems and installed equipment and accessories shall be operating normally 
in accordance with manufacturers' specifications with no existing fuel leaks or corrosion outside of 
manufacturers limits; and with all maintenance and operating manuals and wiring diagrams in the 
Company's possession delivered with the Aircraft at closing. The Aircraft shall be current on it's 
currently approved inspection program as of the date of closing and the Aircraft and engines shall be 
free of any liens or encumbrances. Seller shall reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser to cause all 
parts and service warranties, if any, applicable to the Aircraft, including the engines and airframe, 
to continue to exist, to the extent permissible under the terms of those wamdies, in favor of the 
Company after the transfer ownership of the Company to Buyer Closing. The Aircraft is and will be US 
registered. All loose equipment, galley equipment and parts belonging to the Company and used on or 
with the Aircraft that are in the Company's possession, will be included in the definition of the Aircraft 
(collectively, the "Delivery Conditions"). 
Post-Closing Engine Inspection: Seller and Buyer agree that Six Hundred Thousand US Dollars 
($600,000.00 USD) of the Four Million Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars ($4,500,000.00 USD) 
Purchase Price (the "Holdback Amount") to be delivered to Seller at Closing will be retained by the 
EFTA01133057

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133058.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 19:36:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg 
EFTA01133058
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133059
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133060

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133061.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski 
To: Eric Roth 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com>, Jay Massar •<
=. 
Subject: Re: Some of the Squawks - please read 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 22:35:01 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg 
GIV will return to Islip Wednesday Oct 3rd evening 7:30pm repairs, The aircraft will be in Islip until Oct 13th. 
to complete this list. 
111 item Nose Camera needs be addressed during this visit. 
Divan-
JE notes that the foam build up on the GIV is different than the Glib. 
Additionally, JE states that the foam densities on the new back and bottom cushions of the divan in the GIV are different 
and noticeable when you deploy the divan to the berthing position. I want to open up both divans to personally see and 
identify the foams that were used. Bottom line is that Jeffrey wants us to use the foam from the Glib in the new 
upholstery for the GIV. (while opening the divan, the rear seat divan cushion does not fit into place, requires pulling up 
velcro on seat bottom to adjust so seat back lays flat, the GIl is easier to operate, when you extend the divan to bed 
mode on GIl its one motion.) seat belts need to be hidden better, the make lump in bed mode, look at Gil seat belt 
storage. 
Entry Curtain-
Jeffrey had noted previously that he would like the gap between the top of the entry rain curtain and the headliner kept to 
an absolute minimum to help keep the noise out from the entry door to the cabin. 
Main Cabin Area Fluorescent Lighting-
As identified prior to flight, there are certain lights in the upwash / downwash lighting that are inoperative and/or 
intermittent. 
this item was working normal on arrival before interior removal. 
R/H Galley_ 
Difficulty deploying the fwd slide out cutting board. (During pressurized flight, works normal on ground.) 
Doors -
There are a couple of door in the galley and aft lavatory that opened in flight. (doors under bathroom sink.) 
Aft Lavatory to Baggage Door-
JE identified that the door would not latch properly. ( in flight, while pressurized) works normal on ground). 
UH #2 Single Seat-
JE noted that when compared to the R/H #2 seat, the electric seat function controls are not sequenced the same (fwd / 
middle / aft switch functions). Additionally, JE would like to know if there is a way to "limit' the recline on this seat so that 
the passenger does not 'crush" the back of the aft facing double seat? 
R/H #2 Master Switch Panel-
JE had previously requested that we look into if MCC could reprogram the two (2) discarded switch functions to control 
the shades 'ALL UP' and "ALL DOWN". 
Galley and Lavatory Door/Drawers-
JE had requested we apply the clear bumpers to prevent the doors and drawers from rattling. Eric, Not sure if the clear 
bumpers are appropriate choice for this application, FELT pads may prove to be quieter. especially (the R/H forward 
galley upper cabinet, the Newley replated latch has no spring tension on the latch, which is allowing the latch itself to 
rattle, The bathroom door to aft Lay rattles, 
Tables-
EFTA01133061
--- PAGE 2 ---
JE noted difficulty in the deployment / stowing of the side ledge tables in flight. The VIP tray table lid does not open 
DURING flight under pressurized flight, works normal on ground, needs more clearance. 
Entertainment System -
Obviously we need to send the battery back-up out for repair/ replacement so that it holds the institute settings of the 
head unit. 
Cockpit Camera- Need nose camera installed or repair of current system.
- Need Felt or padding on bottom of Microwave chamber door, to prevent rattles. 
-Hinges on doors below the sink in aft Lay are loose when doors are open, 
-When tray tables are open, the mechanism that holds table top firm rests on fabric side panel, it was discussed to 
fabricate Titanium or stainless steel (waterfall decorative type of cap to this area would allow the tray table to 
rest on this surface finning table top, diving board issue still exists. 
-Clear rubber/Felt micro pads for tray tables halves, when stowing table the two wood surfaces meet. 
- VIP tray table still rattles 
-Need Iphone lightening cord phone charger hard wired for VIP seat, JE mentioned a lightening cord to come up 
from bottom of cup holder, since his phone sits in Cup holder during flight. 
-See attached photo, JEE request the opening flap on Tray tables to be Routed longer for easy opening of tray lid. 
EFTA01133062
--- PAGE 3 ---
Larry, please add or expand on the items on this list so that we can clearly identify and understand the squawk and so 
that we all work off of one (1) list to resolve these items. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Sep 28, 2013, at 12:13 PM, Erie Roth <I 
> wrote: 
Jay and Larry, 
I have exchanged numerous e-mails with Jeffrey last night and this morning. Further, Jeffrey and I just spoke on the 
phone discussing a few of the squawks. 
By no means is below the total list - just a few of the items that were discussed to be included in a formal list for us to 
work off. 
Divan-
JE notes that the foam build up on the GIV is different than the Glib. 
Additionally, JE states that the foam densities on the new back and bottom cushions of the divan in the GIV are different 
and noticeable when you deploy the divan to the berthing position. I want to open up both divans to personally see and 
identify the foams that were used. Bottom line is that Jeffrey wants us to use the foam from the Glib in the new 
upholstery for the GIV. 
Entry Curtain-
EFTA01133063
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey had noted previously that he would like the gap between the top of the entry rain curtain and the headliner kept to 
an absolute minimum to help keep the noise out from the entry door to the cabin. 
Main Cabin Area Fluorescent Lighting-
As identified prior to flight, there are certain lights in the upwash / downwash lighting that are inoperative and/or 
intermittent. 
R/H Galley_ 
Difficulty deploying the fwd slide out cutting board. 
Doors -
There are a couple of door in the galley and aft lavatory that opened in flight. 
Aft Lavatory to Baggage Door-
JE identified that the door would not latch properly. 
LJH #2 Single Seat-
JE noted that when compared to the R/H #2 seat, the electric seat function controls are not sequenced the same (fwd / 
middle / aft switch functions). Additionally, JE would like to know if there is a way to 'limit' the recline on this seat so that 
the passenger does not 'crush" the back of the aft facing double seat? 
R/H #2 Master Switch Panel-
JE had previously requested that we look into if MCC could reprogram the two (2) discarded switch functions to control 
the shades "ALL UP" and "ALL DOWN". 
Galley and Lavatory Door/Drawers-
JE had requested we apply the clear bumpers to prevent the doors and drawers from rattling. 
Tables-
JE noted difficulty in the deployment / stowing of the side ledge tables in flight. 
Entertainment System - 
Obviously we need to send the battery back-up out for repair/ replacement so that it holds the institute settings of the 
head unit. 
Cockpit Camera-
Larry, please add or expand on the items on this list so that we can clearly identify and understand the squawk and so 
that we all work off of one (1) list to resolve these items. 
Thank you. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
<image007.jpg> 
cimage008.jpg> cimage009.jpg> 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation(agmail com 
Sent: Saturday, September 28, 2013 6:32 AM 
To: Eric Roth; lvjet 
Subject: Re: 
Lights out, bed not right. stereo not working, tables not working. doors not closing or not opening. shade 
switches not working , camera not working. . apple tv not working, and more.. I know it will get fixed. 
and 
i appreciate it very much, we are five weeks over. and another week is needed not hours. 
EFTA01133064
--- PAGE 5 ---
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 10:07 PM, Eric Roth 
wrote: 
I just sent Larry an email that we'll speak in the morning- I am very confident that we can resolve all items in 
minimal time(rattling doors, etc....). Obviously want to make sure you are happy. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 10:02 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you need to speak to larry 
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 9:20 PM, Eric Roth .cfl 
wrote: 
Need a list then 
Don't understand? Obviously we we take care of any issues- I want to make sure you are 
happy. 
ERIC II. RU! I I 
' PRESIDENT 
an([1.. 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 9:07 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
, many many issues Many. I know you are trying . Tables, stereo bed lights . Larry has a very long list . 
Not sure what happened . 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA01133065
--- PAGE 6 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133066

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133067.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Larry Visoski <
> 
Subject: Re: Some of the Squawks - please read 
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2013 23:05:41 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg 
air gasper - ice drawer.. i suggested using the same cutouts as the g2 for dishes etc. . credenza seperators. 
headphones paper. ? we need to solve my error re table cup holders. 
On Sat, Sep 28, 2013 at 6:35 PM, Larry Visoski c 
wrote: 
GIV will return to Islip Wednesday Oct 3rd evening 7:30pm repairs, The aircraft will be in Islip until Oct 13th. 
to complete this list. 
#1 item Nose Camera needs be addressed during this visit. 
Divan-
JE notes that the foam build up on the GIV is different than the Glib. 
Additionally, JE states that the foam densities on the new back and bottom cushions of the divan in the GIV are different 
and noticeable when you deploy the divan to the berthing position. I want to open up both divans to personally see and 
identify the foams that were used. Bottom line is that Jeffrey wants us to use the foam from the Glib in the new 
upholstery for the GIV. (while opening the divan, the rear seat divan cushion does not fit into place, requires pulling up 
velcro on seat bottom to adjust so seat back lays flat, the Gil is easier to operate, when you extend the divan to bed 
mode on Gil its one motion.) seat belts need to be hidden better, the make lump in bed mode, look at Gil seat belt 
storage. 
Entry Curtain-
Jeffrey had noted previously that he would like the gap between the top of the entry rain curtain and the headliner kept 
to an absolute minimum to help keep the noise out from the entry door to the cabin. 
Main Cabin Area Fluorescent Lighting:
As identified prior to flight, there are certain lights in the upwash / downwash lighting that are inoperative and/or 
intermittent. 
this item was working normal on arrival before interior removal. 
Ft/H Galley_ 
Difficulty deploying the fwd slide out cutting board. (During pressurized flight, works normal on ground.) 
Doors - 
There are a couple of door in the galley and aft lavatory that opened in flight. (doors under bathroom sink.) 
EFTA01133067
--- PAGE 2 ---
Aft_Laiatory_Wilaggag21)2grz 
JE identified that the door would not latch properly. ( in flight, while pressurized) works normal on ground). 
UN #2 Single Seat-
JE noted that when compared to the R/H #2 seat, the electric seat function controls are not sequenced the same (fwd / 
middle / aft switch functions). Additionally, JE would like to know if there is a way to limit" the recline on this seat so that 
the passenger does not "crush" the back of the aft facing double seat? 
Ft/H #2 Master Switch Panel-
JE had previously requested that we look into if MCC could reprogram the two (2) discarded switch functions to control 
the shades "ALL Ur and "ALL DOWN". 
Galley and Lavatory Door/Drawers-
JE had requested we apply the clear bumpers to prevent the doors and drawers from rattling. Eric, Not sure if the dear 
bumpers are appropriate choice for this application, FELT pads may prove to be quieter. especially (the ROI forward 
galley upper cabinet, the Newley replated latch has no spring tension on the latch, which is allowing the latch itself to 
rattle, The bathroom door to aft Lay rattles, 
Tables-
JE noted difficulty in the deployment / stowing of the side ledge tables in flight. The VIP tray table lid does not open 
DURING flight under pressurized flight, works normal on ground, needs more clearance. 
Entertainment System - 
Obviously we need to send the battery back-up out for repair/ replacement so that it holds the institute settings of the 
head unit. 
Cockpit Camera- Need nose camera installed or repair of current system.
- Need Felt or padding on bottom of Microwave chamber door, to prevent males. 
-Hinges on doors below the sink in aft Lay are loose when doors are open, 
-When tray tables are open, the mechanism that holds table top firm rests on fabric side panel, it was discussed 
to fabricate Titanium or stainless steel (waterfall decorative type of cap to this area would allow the tray table to 
rest on this surface firming table top, diving board issue still exists. 
-Clear rubber/Felt micro pads for tray tables halves, when stowing table the two wood surfaces meet. 
- VIP tray table still rattles 
EFTA01133068
--- PAGE 3 ---
-Need Iphone lightening cord phone charger hard wired for VIP seat, JE mentioned a lightening cord to come up 
from bottom of cup holder, since his phone sits in Cup holder during flight. 
-See attached photo, JEE request the opening flap on Tray tables to be Routed longer for easy opening of tray 
lid. 
Larry, please add or expand on the items on this list so that we can clearly identify and understand the squawk and so 
that we all work off of one (1) list to resolve these items. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Sep 28, 2013, at 12:13 PM, Eric Roth <1 
> wrote: 
Jay and Larry, 
I have exchanged numerous e-mails with Jeffrey last night and this morning. Further, Jeffrey and I just spoke on the 
phone discussing a few of the squawks. 
EFTA01133069
--- PAGE 4 ---
By no means is below the total list - just a few of the items that were discussed to be included in a formal list for us to 
work off. 
Divan-
JE notes that the foam build up on the GIV is different than the Glib. 
Additionally, JE states that the foam densities on the new back and bottom cushions of the divan in the GIV are different 
and noticeable when you deploy the divan to the berthing position. I want to open up both divans to personally see and 
identify the foams that were used. Bottom line is that Jeffrey wants us to use the foam from the Glib in the new 
upholstery for the GIV. 
Entry Curtain-
Jeffrey had noted previously that he would like the gap between the top of the entry rain curtain and the headliner kept 
to an absolute minimum to help keep the noise out from the entry door to the cabin. 
Main Cabin Area Fluorescent Lighting-
As identified prior to flight, there are certain lights in the upwash / downwash lighting that are inoperative and/or 
intermittent. 
Ft/H Galley_ 
Difficulty deploying the fwd slide out cutting board. 
Doors - 
There are a couple of door in the galley and aft lavatory that opened in flight. 
Aft Lavatory to Baggage Door-
JE identified that the door would not latch properly. 
L/H #2 Single Seat-
JE noted that when compared to the Rn-i #2 seat, the electric seat function controls are not sequenced the same (fwd / 
middle / aft switch functions). Additionally, JE would like to know if there is a way to "limit" the recline on this seat so that 
the passenger does not 'crush' the back of the aft facing double seat? 
R/H #2 Master Switch Panel-
JE had previously requested that we look into if MCC could reprogram the two (2) discarded switch functions to control 
the shades "ALL UP" and "ALL DOWN". 
Galley and Lavatory Door/Drawers-
EFTA01133070
--- PAGE 5 ---
JE had requested we apply the clear bumpers to prevent the doors and drawers from rattling. 
Tables-
JE noted difficulty in the deployment / stowing of the side ledge tables in flight. 
Entertainment System - 
Obviously we need to send the battery back-up out for repair/ replacement so that it holds the institute settings of the 
head unit. 
Cockpit Camera-
Larry, please add or expand on the items on this list so that we can clearly identify and understand the squawk and so 
that we all work off of one (1) list to resolve these items. 
Thank you. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
<image007.jpg> 
p 
C 
siriasegsaina masc22.9..lpg≥ 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation(agmail.com]
Sent: Saturday, September 28, 2013 6:32 AM 
To: Eric Roth; Met 
Subject: Re: 
Lights out, bed not right. stereo not working, tables not working. doors not closing or not opening. shade 
switches not working , camera not working. . apple tv not working, and more.. I know it will get fixed. 
and i appreciate it very much, we are five weeks over. and another week is needed not hours. 
EFTA01133071
--- PAGE 6 ---
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 10:07 PM, Eric Roth <
> wrote: 
I just sent Larry an email that we'll speak in the morning- I am very confident that we can resolve all items in 
minimal time(rattling doors, etc....). Obviously want to make sure you are happy. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
IC 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 10:02 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you need to speak to laity 
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 9:20 PM, Eric Roth <I 
> wrote: 
Need a list then 
Don't understand? Obviously we we take care of any issues- I want to make sure you are 
happy. 
ERIC H. ROTH 
I PRESIDENT 
P 
IC 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 9:07 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
, many many issues Many. I know you are trying . Tables, stereo bed lights . Larry has a very long list . 
Not sure what happened . 
***** ****** ***** ******* ****** ****** ************************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01133072
--- PAGE 7 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to j
a@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
****************** 
***** 
************************************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacatioa@gmacm, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
********** 
****** 
******************************************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01133073
--- PAGE 8 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcmcgiQn@gmilmm, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133074

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133075.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Julia Stepanova 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: african table part 2 
Date: Sun, 29 Sep 2013 00:19:51 +0000 
Attachments: S(KGrHqQOKkQE0,97I1w0BNY)!E!Jqw-- 1.JPG; mVIFtpM3pPf-OC_cvD91sYw.jpg 
Inline-Images: m4RflatF4CVA-AcQFS35G1Q.jpg; m5avb-DHpvVWK5CbDBsu-HAjpg; 
mGaCZGbTLb7BuIsw1bQtlYQ.jpg 
EFTA01133075

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133076.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dia 40" x1121.5" / h29.5" with stand 
EFTA01133076

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133077.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133077

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133078.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bce: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Gregory Brown <I 
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.eom 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 09/29/2013 
Sun, 29 Sep 2013 10:03:49 +0000 
Can Rouhani_or_Obama_deliver_on_any_deal_Faharad_Zaharia_TWP_September_25,_20 
13.d—oex; 
Eugene Robinson„Obama's reality_eheck_Eu_gene Robinson TWP September_27,_201 
3.doexr Exposing_the_Pay_Cap_NYT Editorial Boa-rd Septerntier 24—„2013.doex; 
Lasting_Damage_From_the_Budget_Fight_NYILEditorial_Boardieptember_25,_2013.do 
cx; 
How Conservatives_Cooked_A_Blue_Meth_GOP_Howard_Fineman_Huff_Post_Septembe 
r 25,_2013.docx; 
dbama Announces That He Spoke With_lranian_President_Hassan_Rouhani_By_Phone_ 
Luktrohnson Huff Post_ 09-_27_20T3.docx; 
Obamacarejes Better_Trian You Think Dean Baker Huff Post_09_23_2013.docx; 
Speedy_Trains Transform Cna_RYT Septemger 23,_201f.doex; 
The Biggest_dbamaeare_ehange Wonc_Affect_MOst_Americans'insuranceieffrey_You 
ng_fluff Post_September 29,_20r3.doex; 
The Emliarrassment_offenator_Ted_Cruz_NYT_Editorial_Board_September_24,_2013.do 
cx; 
Hispanics Grow Cool_to G.O.P.„Poll_Finds_Laurie_Goodstein_NYT_September_27,20 
13.doex; Bobby_Womack_bio.docx 
image.png; image(1).png; image(2).png; image(3).png; image(4).png; image(5).png; 
image(6).png; image(7).png; image(8).png; image(9).png 
Dear Friends.... 
We are truly experiencing a new golden age in television today in America, and there is no better 
example of this is HBO's political dramatic series The Newsroom created and principally written by 
(Emmy Award—winning political drama The West Wing) Aaron Sorkin, which premiered on June 
24, 2012 and now is in its third season. The series chronicles the behind-the-scenes events at the 
fictional Atlantis Cable News (ACN) channel. It features an ensemble cast including Jeff Daniels as 
anchor Will McAvoy, who, together with his staff, sets out to put on a news show "in the face of 
corporate and commercial obstacles and their own personal entanglements". Other cast members 
include Emily Mortimer, John Gallagher, Jr., Alison Pill, Thomas Sadoski, Dev Patel, Olivia Munn Sam 
Waterston and Jane Fonda. 
EFTA01133078
--- PAGE 2 ---
Over the past two weeks, in a two-part presentation titled Election Night, the story line was based on 
the Presidential election night of November 6, 2012. When Romney press adviser Taylor Warren 
challenges ACN anchor Will McAvoy credentials as a Republican (RINO or Republican In Name Only) 
and he responds with the following. 
I call myself a Republican because I am one. I believe in market solutions and I believe in common 
sense realities and the necessity to defend themselves against a dangerous world and that's about it. 
The problem is now I have to be homophobic. I have to count how many times that people go to 
church. I have to deny facts and think that scientific research is a long-con. I have to think that poor 
people are getting a sweet ride and I have to have such a stunning inferiority complex that I fear 
education and intellect in the twenty-first century. But most of all, the biggest new requirement 
really and only is that I have to hate Democrats and I have to hate Chris Christie for not spitting on 
the President when he got off Air Force One. The two party system is crucial to the whole operation. 
There is honor to being the loyal opposition and I am a Republican for the same reason that you are, 
so I hope that your voice gets louder in the next four years. 
I chose to start this week's offerings with this as a way to figure out why there is so much hatred in the 
country. When you take a look at political discussions from the late 1940's through the late 1.97co's you 
generally find a high degree of civility. And though we always have had partisan politics the 
discussions were more polite, and the differences not as great as today. When you look back at the 
discussions involving folks such as Hugh Scott, Jake Javits, Everett Dirksen, Nelson Rockefeller, Barry 
Goldwater and Margaret Chase Smith on the Republican side and Hubert Humphrey, Frank Church, 
Henry Jackson, Sam Ervin, Stuart Symington and Warren Magnuson on the Democratic side you see 
well-articulated positions on issues and negotiated compromise. The same was true during the 198os 
when Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neal famously negotiate a number of compromises while being 
ideological opposites. Obviously, one can blame a lot of it on 7x24 "hate" radio/TV/Internet, right 
wing religion and over the top capitalism of win at any cost and little win/win. But why is there some 
much hatred in America and why is it so political. 
We have to find our way back to celebrating commonality. We have to be much more tolerant. Most of 
all we have to have empathy for others, as well as take responsibility for those who are less fortunate. 
Finally, we have to understand that inequality breeds contempt and contempt breeds hatred and until 
we reverse this trend, the hatred and resulting poverty, violence and dysfunctionality will continue and 
eventually destroy us. This we have to change and we need to change it immediately. Compromise 
can't be a dirty word in a country needing team work. And when Republicans are checking other 
Republican's credentials what chance is for them to compromise with Democrats or with anyone who 
doesn't exactly agree with them. Ideological arrogance should not be tolerated in any democracy, 
especially here in the melting pot of American which thrived on its diversity and can only continue if 
we honor everyone's point of view in search of commonality. 
EFTA01133079
--- PAGE 3 ---
This week the country witnessed one of the most egregious examples of arrogance during freshman 
Texas Senator, Ted Cruz's 21 hour and 19 minute personal filibuster (against Obamacare) to stop the 
Senate from moving forward on a budget resolution vote to avoid a government shutdown, which 
passed unanimously, too to zero. More importantly we should interpret his actions not as legislation 
but as performance, as the result of his faux filibuster was always a foregone conclusion, especially 
when Cruz voted along with his other 99 colleagues and many of the highlights of what he said, were so 
silly that Saturday Night Live won't have been able to spoof them. Ted Cruz's fake filibuster is the 
latest skirmish in what Russ Limbaugh called, "the fight for the soul of the Republican Party." And 
the fact that both partisan and mainstream media, Republican Party leaders and a small but vocal 
percentage of Republican voters are taking him seriously is feeding the dysfunctionality in 
Washington. And although Mr. Cruz would like us to see him as a young Jimmy Stuart in Mr. Smith 
Goes To Washington, the reality is he is not, especially after voting along with his other 99 
colleagues in support of the bill he had filibustered against. And like his filibuster he is a fraud, a 
carnival barker with political ambition seeking attention with nothing to offer but fear, innuendo, 
distortion, condemnation, divisiveness, intolerance, hatred and lies. He is the worse kind of politician, 
as he matter who he hurts, as long as it advances his personal ambition. One could understand his 
actions if he offered solutions, but he has none, thus he is a fraud, a hypocrite and like Senator Joe 
McCarthy of the 194os and 5os, all that he offers is fear. 
To better understand and appreciate the absurdity of Ted Cruz's marathon speech please see Stephen 
Colbert's critique (VIDEO) website: http://www.hulu.com/watch/537750 
The Embarrassment of Senator Ted Cruz 
By THE NEW YORK TIMES EDITORIAL BOARD 
Ted Cruz of Texas, the public face of the aimless and self-destructive Tea Party strategy to stop health care 
reform, began an endless floor speech on Tuesday with the theme of "make D.C. listen." But even his 
Republican colleagues had long since stopped paying attention to his corrosive bombast, fired of his pious 
insults to his own party and unimpressed with his eagerness to shut down the government in pursuit of an 
ideological dream. 
Like hard-liners in the far right corner of the House, Mr. Cruz has grabbed for every possible lever in his 
campaign against President Obama's health law, fully aware that he will not succeed but eager for the 
accolades and donations that will inevitably follow from the Tea Party's misguided faithful. In the process, 
he has demonstrated how little he understands Senate rules and, more important, how little he appreciates 
the public's desire for a collaborative Congress. 
Mr. Cruz's campaign to defund health reform consists largely of an absurd plan to filibuster the very House 
bill that kept the government from closing and defunded the health law, a notion that was rejected by the 
Senate minority leader, Mitch McConnell, and most Senate Republicans. After he lost their support, he 
began an extended tirade anyway, a stunt that might resemble a filibuster but in fact will have to end 
Wednesday morning before a prescheduled vote on the House bill takes place. 
In just the first hour of his speech, Mr. Cruz said his fellow senators were no more sincere than professional 
wrestlers and that accepting the health law was like appeasing the Nazis. His own goal of tearing down the 
law, he said, was a dream on par with President John F. Kennedy's promise to put a man on the moon. This 
combination of grandiosity and pure nastiness helps explain why the senator has become the least popular 
man in Washington. 
EFTA01133080
--- PAGE 4 ---
But it also shows why the Tea Party's plans will inevitably fail. Americans may remain confused about the 
health law, but they aren't interested in a government shutdown or credit default to get rid of it. Mr. Cruz 
may love the spotlight, but, when it fades, he will find he was only speaking to himself. 
Lasting Damage From the Budget Fight 
by THE EDITORIAL BOARD 
The budget crisis manufactured by Congressional Republicans will never succeed at halting health care 
reform, but it has already caused long-lasting harm. It will preserve the deeply damaging spending 
cuts, known as the sequester, that are costing jobs and hurting the lives of millions. 
Most of the attention given to the House's temporary spending resolution has focused on the provision 
in it to defund President Obama's health law. The Senate plans to drop that wording, and, if the 
House doesn't agree, the government will shut down on Tuesday. But even without the provision, the 
resolution itself is pernicious because it preserves through mid-December all the blunt and arbitrary 
sequester cuts that began in March, making it much less likely those cuts will be replaced with more 
sensible cuts and revenue increases for the rest of the 2014 fiscal year. 
The only other change to the resolution that Senate Democrats will try to make is to limit the duration 
of the stopgap resolution to mid-November, hoping to use the next six weeks to negotiate a more 
responsible budget. Although many Democrats in both chambers would prefer a resolution that 
repudiates the sequester cuts now, they are resigned to what is known as a "clean C.R.," a continuing 
resolution that simply continues the abysmally low spending levels of 2013 into the first weeks or 
months of fiscal 2014, which begins on Tuesday. 
To insist on a fight would mean Democrats would have to bear partial responsibility for a government 
shutdown if a continuing resolution is not approved in time — a burden now borne entirely by 
Republicans obsessed with stopping health reform. But any hope that Congress will use the stopgap 
period to negotiate a better budget is slim. It has already been six months since the Senate passed a 
realistic budget to replace the sequester with cuts of $975 billion, mostly from agriculture supports and 
efficiencies in medical spending. It also raises $1 trillion in revenue by removing tax breaks enjoyed by 
corporations and wealthy individuals. 
The House has yet to respond to the Senate budget. Its Republican leaders have refused even to sit 
down with Democrats if revenue increases are on the agenda. Manipulated by a Tea Party wing that 
wants cuts even deeper than the sequester, the leaders are no more likely to budge now. They know 
that once low levels of discretionary spending are enshrined in law, the reduced budgets become the 
new baseline from which the right wing will demand further cuts each year. 
That means the country will be stuck with the sequester-level cuts for the foreseeable future. It means 
more than 57,000 students will not get their Head Start seats back, and 140,000 low-income families 
who lost their federal housing assistance will be stuck in unaffordable or substandard homes. 
Thousands of scientists have been laid off and vital medical research projects have stalled. More than 
chief Federal District Court judges signed a letter last month saying their cuts have been so deep 
that public safety is now at risk. 
A continued sequester will force unnecessary and damaging furloughs of all F.B.I. employees, and of 
650,000 civilian employees of the Defense Department. And it means the economy will continue to 
sputter. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that ending the sequester could create up to 1.6 
million jobs. 
EFTA01133081
--- PAGE 5 ---
The worst thing about governing by a stopgap measure, however, is that it eliminates real debates 
about priorities, new investments or tax reform, which are impossible when the threat of a shutdown is 
constantly looming. Every day that lawmakers argue about preventing a government shutdown is a day 
they are not discussing what government should be doing for the country's benefit. 
What is the Most Screwed Up Thing About Your 
State? Check This Chart 
Chris Miles: 09/22/2013
For all the U-S-A, rah rah that goes around, the United States can be a shameful place. 
The below map lays out some of the statistically worst things about each state. It covers everything from 
health to crime to travel to drug use. Some states don't have it so bad (Ohio, the "nerdiest") but others 
really kind of suck (Mississippi has the highest rate of obesity at 35.3% of total population ... and ranks 
poorly in the most number of categories. These include highest rate of child poverty at 31.9%, highest rate 
of infant mortality at 10.3% lowest median household income at $35,078, highest teen birth rate at 71.9 per 
i,000 women aged 15 to 19 and highest overall rate of STDs. Phew.) 
It's not i00% science proof ... some of the metrics are taken from purely qualitative rankings (i.e. North 
Dakota). 
It's supposed to be a bit tongue-in-cheek, but some of the stats will really shock you. 
The United States of Shame 
What is your state the worst at? 
Bestiality 
Homeless 
population w eakest
influence 
eU 
:e
rn 
/driven 
ent 
Drug use 
Drunk 
driving 
Corporate
taxes o urObteest
Infertility 
\ 
sta
, gOv't 
1:i 
Least 
Anon 
Crime
es
F} 
violence on 
state 
Nerd-
Taxes 
Porn 
ed 'green' state 
tic. 
—Abortion 
.0 9,. 
usage 
4. 
R 
state 
_sae V-
ot, ^ 
Cocaine 
Poorest 
a1>+ 
s t 
use 
,,,,, 
_L 
 ‘ -estittaistor- 
AIDS 
''Ge,,. 
health 
score 0 IS 
e Most
 I:Atec lelearl: 
'f ee/ 
Female Wont 
Cancer 
px,0,0i0sen  
Anti - 
Social 
criminals credit c:8-. 
Corruption 
salary 
deaths c
ii 
es /e 
High school 
o* sickly 
a (24
graduation 
C.oeci 
-Ink. ,1
.„ 
,•• 0. 
hey 
e• 
4o et 
er t. 
e J. 
Suicide 
, is 
t 
COSS alb 
Living , 
pleat* 
tans 
Rationale and statistics: 
EFTA01133082
--- PAGE 6 ---
Most stats taken from America's Health Rankings and the U.S. Census unless otherwise noted. (Note - data 
varries and is not based on 2013 numbers) 
1. Alabama: highest rate of stroke (3.8%) (tied with Oklahoma) 
2. Alaska: highest suicide rate (23.6 suicides per 100,000 people in 2004) 
3. Arizona: highest rate of alcoholism 
4. Arkansas: worst average credit score (636) Source.
5. California: most air pollution (15.2 micrograms per cubic meter) 
6. Colorado: highest rate of cocaine use per capita (3.9% total population) 
7. Connecticut: highest rate of breast cancer Source.
8. Delaware: highest abortion rate (27 per 1,000 women aged 15 to 44) 
9. Florida: highest rate of identity theft (122.3 reports per 100,000 people) 
to. Georgia: sickly based on highest rate of influenza 
11. Hawaii —highest cost of living (tied with California) Source.
12. Idaho - lowest level of Congressional clout Source. 
13. Illinois: highest rate of robbery (284.7 incidences per 100,000 people) 
14. Indiana: rated the most environmentally unfriendly by NMI solutions Source.
15. Iowa: highest percentage of people age 85 and older (1.8 percent) (tied with three other states) Source.
16. Kansas: poorest health based on highest average number of limited activity days per month (3.5 
days) Source.
17. Kentucky: most cancer deaths (227 per 100,000 people) (BONUS fact: Kentucky also has the highest 
rate of tobacco smokers — 25.6%) 
18. Louisiana: highest rate of gonorrhea (264.4 reported cases per 100,000 people) Source.
19. Maine: dumbest state claim based on lowest average SAT score (1389) Source.
20. Maryland: highest rate of AIDS diagnosis (27.6 people per 100,000 people) Source.
21. Massachusetts: worst drivers claim based on highest rate of auto accidents Source.
22. Michigan: highest unemployment rate (13.6%) 
23. Minnesota: highest number of reported tornadoes (123 in 2010) Source.
24. Mississippi: highest rate of obesity (35.3% of total population) 
BONUS facts: Mississippi ranks poorly in the most number of categories. These include highest rate of 
child poverty (31.9%), highest rate of infant mortality (10.3%) lowest median household income ($35,078), 
highest teen birth rate (71.9 per 1,000 women aged 15 to 19) and highest overall rate of STDs. 
25. Missouri: highest rate of bankruptcy (700 out of every 100,00o people) Source.
26. Montana: highest rate of drunk driving deaths (1.12 deaths per 100 million miles driven) Source.
27. Nebraska: highest rate of women murdered annually 
28. Nevada: highest rate violent crime (702.2 offenses per 100,000 people). BONUS fact: Nevada also has 
the highest rate of foreclosure (one in 99 houses). 
29. New Hampshire: highest rate of corporate taxes Source.
EFTA01133083
--- PAGE 7 ---
30. New Jersey: highest rate of citizen taxation (11.8%) Source.
31. New Mexico: antisocial claim based on lowest ranking in social heath policies Source.
32. New York: longest average daily commute (30.6 minutes) Source.
33. North Carolina: lowest average teacher salary Source.
34. North Dakota: ranked last in ugliest residents report as chosen by The Daily Beast. Source.
35. Ohio: nerdiest state claim based on highest number of library visits per capita (6.9) Source.
36. Oklahoma: highest rate of female incarceration 
37. Oregon: highest rate of long-term homeless people 
38. Pennsylvania: highest rate of arson deaths (55.56 annually) Source.
39. Rhode Island: highest rate of illicit drug use (12.5% of population) Source.
40. South Carolina: highest percentage of mobile homes (18.8%) Source.
41. South Dakota: highest rate of forcible rape 76.5 per 100,000 
42. Tennessee: chosen most corrupt state by The Daily Beast. Source.
43. Texas: lowest high school graduation rate (78.3%) Source.
44. Utah: highest rate of of online porn subscriptions Source.
45. Vermont: infertility claim based on lowest birth rate of any state (10.6 births per 1,000) (tied with 
Maine) Source.
46. Virginia: highest number of alcohol-related motorcyle deaths Source.
47. Washington: most cases of bestiality (4 reported in 2010) Source.
48. West Virginia: highest rate of heart attack (6.5 percent of population) 
49. Wisconsin: highest rate of binge drinking (23.2 percent of population) 
50. Wyoming: highest rate of deadly car crashes (24.6 deaths per loo,000) Source.
Website: 
http://www. olicymic.com/articles/64665/what-is-the-most-screwed-up-thing-about-your-state-check-
this-chart 
Two incredible and serendipitous things recently happened; the unexpected proposal from the 
President of Russia, Vladimir Putin that could rid Syria of its chemical weapons and stop the march to 
war by America, which was quickly accepted by Syrian President Assad and sort of embraced by the 
Obama administration. And the sober, candid and politically astute interview that Iran's new 
President Hassan Rouhani where he suggested the possibility of forging an agreement over their 
nuclear program and overtures designed to ease a generation worth of animosity between with the US 
as well as an olive branch to Israel by condemning the Nazis and acknowledging the Holocaust, to 
show that he did not support the views of his predecessor the religious hardliner and former Iranian 
President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. As evidence of things going in the right direction, on Friday the 
U.N. Security Council unanimously approved a resolution that could rid Syria of its chemical weapons 
and should dial down the hostilities in the country. Bravo.... 
EFTA01133084
--- PAGE 8 ---
With Putin seizing on a comment made by Vice President Biden suggesting that that the US 
attack on Syria could be halted if Assad would turnover his chemical arsenal and Iran's 
leaders, seizing on perceived flexibility in a private letter from President Obama, have 
decided to gamble on forging a swift agreement over their nuclear program with the goal of 
ending crippling sanctions. The Iranian positive reaction to the letter provides critical 
insight into a decisive and unexpected shift in strategy by the moderate new president as 
Iran struggles to restore vitality to the economy of his country and undo years of hostile 
relations with most of the world under the former president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. 
Then on Thursday the United Nations' five big powers reached agreement Thursday on a 
legally binding U.N. Security Council resolution that would require Syria to dismantle its 
once-secret chemical weapons program or face the threat of unspecified measures, 
according to senior U.S. and Russian officials. The deal reached by Britain, France, the 
United States, Russia and China followed several days of high-level talks in New York. The 
talks culminated Thursday afternoon with a face-to-face meeting between Secretary of 
State John F. Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov. 
Also on Thursday, Secretary of State John Kerry, along with fellow diplomats, met briefly 
with his Iranian counterpart, marking the highest-level meeting between the two countries 
since the Iranian revolution of 1979. EU foreign policy chief, Catherine Ashton, later 
described the talks as "substantial" and said they had set the stage for a new round of 
negotiations over Iran's nuclear program Oct. 15-16 in Geneva. Speaking to reporters later, 
Kerry warned there was still "a lot of work to be done" but added he welcomed the "change 
in tone." And Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said he was "satisfied with this first 
step." 
These two events this week have definitely open a window of opportunity for the US, 
Russia, Syria, Iran and Israel to ease generations of animosity between the countries and 
avoiding further bloodshed in the Middle East. After decades of hostility between the 
above parties relations it will take years and possibly decades before relations are close to 
normalization. But the fact that a month ago, President Obama was petitioning Congress 
for its approval to attack Syria and John McCain was suggesting that Iran was next, we 
should all be encouraged by this week's events and that these adversaries are trying to 
settle their differences with diplomacy instead of bombs and bullets. 
****** 
EFTA01133085
--- PAGE 9 ---
The White House released the above photo of Obama on the phone with Rouhani 
Web Link: http://www.huffingtonpost.tom/2013/09/27/obama•rouhani•phone n 4CO5063.html 
President Barack Obama said Friday that he spoke by telephone with Iranian President Hassan 
Rouhani, in what was the first communication between the leaders of the two countries since the 
Iranian Revolution in 1979. The call came after U.S. officials said earlier this week that the two would 
not meet at the U.N. General Assembly. The officials said that a meeting would be too "complicated" 
for the Iranians given the country's internal politics. "The two of us discussed our ongoing efforts to 
reach an agreement over Iran's nuclear program," said Obama. "I reiterated to President Rouhani 
what I said in New York: while there were surely be important obstacles to moving forward and 
success is by no means guaranteed, I believe we can reach a comprehensive solution." "Resolving 
this issue could serve as a major step forward in a new relationship between the United States and 
the Islamic Republic of Iran, one based on mutual interest and mutual respect," he said. 
A senior Obama administration official told reporters later Friday that the call was initiated by 
Rouhani's team, and that the Iranian president had expressed a desire to speak with Obama before he 
boarded a flight home to Tehran Friday afternoon. 
The request came as a surprise, the White House said, especially after Iran had declined the U.S.' 
invitation to meet at the General Assembly. Nonetheless, the invitation to connect directly with Obama 
had remained "open." The fifteen minute call took place around 2:3oPM, said the official, who spoke 
on background in order to discuss ongoing negotiations. Rouhani speaks fluent English, but the two 
leaders spoke through an interpreter, as is common practice for high-level diplomatic calls. The 
official said that leaders in Congress were notified that the call would take place ahead of time, as was 
the government of Israel, a longtime U.S. ally that has hostile relations with Iran. Obama opened the 
call by congratulating Rouhani on his election victory earlier this year. 
Both leaders went on to express their determination to resolve the issue of Iran's nuclear program 
peacefully and expeditiously, said the official. Overall, "the call was quite cordial in tone." But some 
contentious issues were raised, including the whereabouts of three American citizens: Amir Hekmati 
and Saeed Abedini, both of whom are currently in Iranian custody, and Robert Levinson, who went 
missing in Iran in 2007. Obama urged Rouhani and the Iranian government to help the Americans get 
EFTA01133086
--- PAGE 10 ---
home to their families. Going forward, the official said, ifs unlikely that Obama and Rouhani will 
maintain regular phone contact, because the substance of any nuclear negotiations must occur within 
the international framework known as the P5+1. "There's a lot of technical discussion that needs to 
take place." Both Rouhani and Obama have delegated future nuclear talks to their foreign ministers: 
Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry. 
Lets congratulate and support the sober minds who chose to dial down the level of fear and 
condescension and instead chose reaching out to solve the issues that have us teetering on the edge of 
war through diplomacy. Bravo.... 
THIS WEEK's READINGS 
With House Republicans voting a bill to fund the government without funding the Affordable 
Healthcare Act, better known as Obamacare, this week in The Huffington Post, Jeffrey Young 
wrote - The Biggest Obamacare Change Won't Affect Most Americans' Insurance - to 
add clarity to this spurious and phony issue. As I said time and again, even supporters of Obamacare 
will concede that it isn't perfect, but it is definitely better than doing nothing. But then hardliners in 
the Republican Right philosophy believe in smaller government, therefore any legislation that has the 
appearance of government intrusion is poison to them, even when it can add protection to those in 
need. Lost in this fight are the actual facts of how the Affordable Healthcare Act works, its benefits and 
disadvantages, to which Jeffrey Young article tries to address. 
EFTA01133087
--- PAGE 11 ---
The biggest part of President Barack Obama's health care overhaul is just days away from its debut, 
and the American public remains confused. For many consumers, the most important question is 
personal: What do I have to do? If you're one of the roughly 8o percent of Americans who already has 
health insurance through an employer or is enrolled in a government program like Medicare, the 
answer is: probably nothing. On Oct. 1, new health insurance websites will debut in each state. Some 
will be run by the state, and others will be run by the federal government. These sites, called health 
insurance exchanges or marketplaces, are designed to serve those without insurance and those who 
buy insurance on their own. Seven million people will purchase private health insurance on the 
exchanges for 2014, the Congressional Budget Office projects. An additional 9 million will use the 
exchanges to enroll in Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program, two joint federal-state 
health programs for low-income people. The number of uninsured will drop by 14 million next year, 
the budget agency projects. 
For nearly everyone else -- the 170.9 million people covered by employers and the 101.5 million 
enrolled in government health programs -- the ballyhooed launch of the Obamacare exchanges will 
mean little, according to health care, consumer and business experts. "If you have employer coverage 
now, do not worry," said Lynn Quincy, a senior policy analyst at Consumers Union in Washington who 
specializes in health care issues. "If you're on Medicare now, please don't worry," she said. Still, a lot of 
people are worried over the introduction of a new way to buy health insurance and the health care 
law's "individual mandate" that nearly every legal U.S. resident obtain health coverage or face a tax 
penalty. 
EFTA01133088
--- PAGE 12 ---
People who don't get health insurance will have to pay $95 dollars or 1 percent of their annual income -
- whichever is higher. That amount will rise each year until it hits $695 or 2.5 percent by 2016. The 
mandate has numerous exemptions, including for financial hardship. Most company health plans 
already meet the health care reform law's standards for benefits and affordability, as do government 
health programs like Medicare, Medicaid and military benefits. "For the vast majority of the 
population, the individual mandate will be a non-event," said Larry Levitt, the co-executive director of 
the Program for the Study of Health Reform and Private Insurance at the Henry J. Kaiser Family 
Foundation in Menlo Park, Calif. The open enrollment period for 2014 health plans bought on the 
exchanges begins Oct. l and runs through the end of March. People will use the exchanges in their 
home states to compare the price and benefits of various insurance plans. The exchanges also are the 
only way to get the financial assistance available to those who earn less than four times the federal 
poverty level, which amounts to $45,960 for a single person this year. 
EFTA01133089
--- PAGE 13 ---
Who Will Use Obama's Health Insurance Exchanges? 
The opening of the Obamacare health insurance exchanges 
on Oct. 1 is the most significant change to health coverage 
market in decades. But they mainly will be used by a small 
health insurance directly. 
Buy their own insurance: 3.6% 
Uninsured: 15.4% 
sliver of Americans: the uninsured and people who buy 
Where do Americans get health coverage? 
The main sources of health coverage are employer-provided plans and public programs 
like Medicare. People who have these types of coverage most likely will keep them. 
At work: 44.8% 
Buy their own insurance: 3.6% 
I 
i.
 Government plan: 20.7% 
Who are the uninsured? 
The uninsured rate varies by many factors. Hispanics, young adults, Southerners, and 
the poor disproportionately lack health insurance. 
RACE & ETHNICITY 
4.7 
19.0% 1 
29.1% 
15.1% 
AGE 
r 27.2% 1 
REGION 
HOUSEHOLD 
INCOME 
7.8% 
11.9% 
18.6% 
0% 
24.9% 
21.4% 
15.0% 
10.8% 
9.2% 
7.9% 
o. 
mt 
-C 
2ei 
M 
ar 
`1§ 
O 
.. .o 
0. 
go 
wN 
4' On 
N. 
rm 
4> be Wag OM 
z 
CNI 
W 
Notes: The estimates by type of coverage are mutually exclusive; people 
did not have any other type of health insurance during the year. 
Source: U.S. Census Bureau 
THE HUFFINGTON POST 
EFTA01133090
--- PAGE 14 ---
Those shopping on the marketplaces will see changes. People who currently buy their own insurance 
will find that some cheap, skimpy plans sold to individuals today won't be available, and some 
younger, healthier people may see higher sticker prices -- especially if they don't qualify for tax credit 
subsidies. Others will gain access to coverage they didn't have and get help paying for it. Survey after 
survey shows the public to be confused, anxious and misinformed about what health care reform does 
and how it will affect them. Fewer than half of Americans think they know enough about the law to 
understand how it affects them, according to poll findings the Kaiser Family Foundation published last 
month. More than a third believe they'll be worse off, 23 percent think they'll be better off and 37 
percent say it won't make much difference. When Congress wrote the law known as the Affordable 
Care Act, their idea was to maintain Americans' current health coverage as much as possible, to boost 
consumer protections in the health insurance market for individuals, and to cover the uninsured. 
That doesn't mean all workers will keep what they have. The Congressional Budget Office predicts that 
million fewer people will get their health insurance through work by 2023, although jobs will remain 
the most common source of health coverage for Americans. People who work part-time, have low-
wage jobs or are employed by smaller companies are most likely to lose their job-based benefits and to 
use the exchanges instead. There's already been a steady drumbeat of news stories about companies 
changing health benefits, like Trader Joe's and Home Depot dropping part-time workers from their 
health plans. While this phenomenon is real and disruptive to those workers, the outliers shouldn't be 
cause for concern for most people who have job-based health benefits, said Helen Darling, the 
president and CEO of the National Business Group on Health, a Washington-based association of large 
employers. 
A survey of U.S. employers found that 93.5 percent of companies definitely or very likely will continue 
to offer health benefits to workers, compared to 1 percent that definitely won't or are very likely not to, 
according to a report the International Federation of Health Benefit Plans, a London-based trade 
group, issued in May. Employers provide health benefits both as a means of attracting and retaining 
employees and because they aren't taxed like wages (so they're cheaper than raises). "No one is going 
to say, Whoops, we just decided that we're not going to give you health benefits because we don't think 
they're that important.' It just isn't going to happen," Darling said. And experts don't expect large 
employers to make more changes or raise premiums much more than if the health law hadn't been 
enacted, she said. 
But anecdotes about individual companies are causing some worry among workers -- worry fomented 
by Obamacare opponents and the media, Darling said. "It's more the press that is drumming up 
attention in a negative way, much of it being driven by people who want to make it a negative 
experience," Darling said. Likewise, the debate over whether Obamacare will cause health insurance 
premiums to soar on the exchanges -- so-called rate shock -- needlessly confuses people who have 
coverage from work, Levitt said. "They see these headlines that premiums may skyrocket and they 
think that's them," he said. It's not; it's about insurance people buy directly. In fact, a survey of 
employers the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and Educational Trust published 
last month showed job-based health insurance prices rose an average of just 5 percent for single people 
this year. "There's no reason to think that's going to change dramatically," Levitt said. 
On the individual market for health insurance, some people, especially those who are younger and 
healthier, may see higher premiums, not counting the available tax credits. Others will pay less than 
today. That's largely due to new rules, such as requiring better benefits than commonly available on 
the individual market today, guaranteeing coverage to people with pre-existing conditions and limiting 
how much more older people can be charged than younger consumers. Medicare beneficiaries have 
even less cause for concern, Quincy said, even though a Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that older 
Americans disapprove of the Affordable Care Act at higher rates than younger people. Express Scripts, 
which manages prescription drug benefits for health insurance plans, surveyed Medicare enrollees and 
discovered many misperceptions -- including 17 percent who think they have to buy coverage on the 
exchanges. In reality, it's illegal for a health insurer to sell a plan through the exchange to someone on 
Medicare. People on Medicare don't need to do anything different this year than they have in the past, 
Quincy said. "The main message is: Nothing has changed for you. You're good to go." 
EFTA01133091
--- PAGE 15 ---
Next week the main part of Obamacare will begin to kick in. This is the state level exchanges that will 
allow the uninsured to be covered. Beginning on October 1, people will be able to sign up to get 
insurance in their state regardless of their health. Most people signing up on the exchanges will qualify 
for subsidies based on their income and family size. This means that the cost of insurance will be less 
than the advertised price. This is good news. It means that tens of millions of people who are 
uninsured now will likely be insured in the next year or two as a result of the Affordable Care Act 
(ACA). However, this is actually the less important aspect of the program. The more important part is 
that those of us who now have insurance will have real health care insurance for the first time. 
Most of the insured get covered through their job. This creates an obvious problem. If they develop a 
chronic illness, they may be unable to keep their job. Once they are no longer employed, workers will 
be left trying to buy insurance in the individual market. Insurers don't want to insure people who are 
sick. If a person with a chronic health condition applies for insurance in the individual market, they 
would be facing premiums of tens of thousands of dollars a year, making it unaffordable for all but the 
very wealthy. This situation will end with the start of the exchanges. Workers who lose their job 
because of an illness will still be able to find affordable insurance. This will provide a huge element of 
security that is currently lacking. In effect, most workers will have true health insurance for the first 
time. 
Workers of all ages will benefit from this transformation of the insurance market, but it will be 
especially important for older workers in poor health. There are a large number of older workers who 
struggle to stay employed despite bad health, because this is the only way that they will be able to 
afford insurance until they are old enough to qualify for Medicare. Many of these people will now find 
insurance to be affordable with the subsidies on the exchanges even if they do not work. Some critics 
of Obamacare have argued that it will undermine incentives to work. In the case of older workers in 
poor health they are right, and this will be good. 
There is much real basis for criticism of the ACA. Private insurers are the sole providers of insurance. 
Not only are we not getting universal Medicare, we did not even get a public option, the right to 
purchase a Medicare-type plan that would compete with private insurers. The drug companies and 
medical equipment suppliers both end up as winners under Obamacare. They will be able to secure 
even greater profits from their government-provided patent monopolies since the ACA does little to 
rein in costs. As a result, we will still be paying close to twice as much for drugs and medical devices as 
people in other wealthy countries. This is a guaranteed recipe for bad health care since the enormous 
profits provided by these patent monopolies give drug companies an incentive to push their drugs even 
when they may be harmful. And we will still be paying twice as much for our doctors as people in 
other wealthy countries. These failures on cost controls will add hundreds of billions of dollars to the 
cost of health care each year. 
The fact that so many states refused to go along with the expansion of Medicaid will leave millions of 
working poor uncovered. Undocumented workers were explicitly prohibited from being covered 
through the exchanges. And the plan will effectively penalize many workers who get insurance through 
union-sponsored plans, since they will not be eligible for subsidies through the exchanges. These are 
serious complaints about the inadequacy of Obamacare that will have to be addressed in the years 
ahead. But none of these problems changes the fact that the ACA is an enormous step forward. Most of 
the country will now have real security in their access to health care. The agenda now has to be to 
extend this security to the rest of the country and to squeeze the parasites out of the health care 
system. Please feel free to see the attached Huffington Post article — Obamacare: It's Better 
Than You Think - by Dean Baker. 
Lies And Distortions Of The Health Care Reform Debate 
Healthcare In America Is Already 'The Best In The World' 
One of the more positive sounding admonitions from health care reform opponents was that the 
United States had "the best health care in the world," so why would you mess with it? Well, it's true 
that if you want the experience the pinnacle of medical care, you come to the United States. And if you 
EFTA01133092
--- PAGE 16 ---
want the pinnacle of haute cuisine, you go to Per Se. If you want the pinnacle of commercial air travel, 
you get a first class seat on British Airways. Now, naturally, you wouldn't let just anyone mess with 
someone's tasting menu or state-of-the-art air-beds. But like anything that's "the best," the best health 
care in the world isn't for everybody. The costs are prohibitively high, the access is prohibitively 
exclusive, and the resources are prohibitively scarce. 
Death Panels 
The only thing that perhaps matched the vastness of the spread or the depth of the traction of the 
"death panel" lie was the predictability that such a lie would come to be told in the first place. After all, 
this was a Democratic president trying to sell a new health care reform plan with the intention of 
opening access and reducing cost to millions of Americans who had gone without for so long. 
Opponents counter the Affordable Health Care Act by repeating the lie that it would lead to more 
death as a result of mythical "Death Panels." 
The Affordable Care Act Is A "Jobs-Killer" 
Naturally, the GOP greeted anything that the Obama White House did -- from regulating pollution to 
flossing after meals -- as something that would "kill jobs." The Affordable Care Act was no different. 
As you might recall, Republicans' first attempt at repeal came in the form of an inartfully named law 
called the "Repealing the Job-Killing Health Care Law Act." This claim has no justification," said 
Micah Weinberg, a senior research fellow at the centrist New America Foundation's Health Policy 
Program. ince the law contains dual mandates that most individuals must obtain health insurance 
coverage and most employers must offer it by 2014, "the effect on employment is probably zero or 
close to it," said Amitabh Chandra, a professor of public policy at Harvard University. 
The Affordable Care Act Would Add To The Deficit 
The only thing more important than painting the Affordable Care Act as a certain killer of jobs was to 
paint it as a certain murderer of America's fiscal future. Surely this big government program was going 
to push indebtedness to such a height that our servitude to our future Chinese overlords was a fait 
accompli. As Ryan Grim reported in May of 2010, the CBO disagreed. Comprehensive health care 
reform will cost the federal government $940 billion over a ten-year period, but will increase revenue 
and cut other costs by a greater amount, leading to a reduction of $138 billion in the federal deficit 
over the same period, according to an analysis by the Congressional Budget Office, a Democratic 
source tells HuffPost. It will cut the deficit by $1.2 trillion over the second ten year period. The source 
said it also extends Medicare's solvency by at least nine years and reduces the rate of its growth by 1.4 
percent, while closing the doughnut hole for seniors, meaning there will no longer be a gap in coverage 
of medication. 
The Affordable Care Act $500 Billion Cut From Medicare 
Normally, if you tell Republicans that you're going to cut $500 billion from Medicare, they will 
respond by saying, "Hooray, but could we make it $700 billion?" But the moment they got it into their 
heads that the Affordable Care Act would make that cut from Medicare, suddenly everyone from the 
party of ending Medicare As We Know It, Forever got all hot with concern about what would happen to 
these longstanding recipients of government health care. The truth is what Republicans characterized 
as cuts are projected savings over ten years.Whatever you want to call them, it's a $500 billion 
reduction in the growth of future spending over 10 years, not a slashing of the current Medicare budget 
or benefits. 
The Affordable Care Act Provides Free Health Care For Undocumented 
Immigrants 
This lie was launched to prominence with the help of a false accuser, South Carolina Rep. Joe Wilson, 
who famously heckled President Barack Obama during an address to a Joint Session of Congress by 
yelling "You lie!" after the president had mentioned that undocumented immigrants would not be 
eligible for the credits for the bill's proposed health care exchanges. As the AP points out...there are 
about 7 million unauthorized immigrants who will be prohibited from buying insurance on the newly 
EFTA01133093
--- PAGE 17 ---
created exchanges, even if they pay out of their own pocket. And the exclusion of this group from 
health reform -- along with other restrictions that affect fully legal immigrants as well -- could create a 
massive coverage gap that puts a strain on the rest of the health system as well. 
Republicans, And Their Ideas, Were Left Out Of The Bill And The Process 
Were health care policies dear to Republicans left out of the health care reform bill? Totally! Unless 
we're counting the following: 
--Deficit-neutral bill 
--Longterm cost reduction 
--Interstate competition that allows consumers to purchase insurance across state lines 
--Medical malpractice reform 
--High-risk pools 
--An extension of the time young people were allowed to remain on their parents' policies 
--No public money for abortion 
--Small business exemptions/tax credits 
--Job wellness programs 
--Delivery system reform 
In fact, the Democrats were eager to get GOP input and enthusiastic about including many of their 
desired components in the bill. Finally, the Affordable Care Act was modeled on a reform designed and 
implemented by a former Republican governor and presidential candidate, Mitt Romney and the 
individual mandate that was used in Romneycare to ensure "no free riders" was originally dreamed up 
by the Heritage Foundation. As a result the DNA of the Affordable Care Act was borrowed from the 
Senate GOP alternative to the Clinton plan in the 1990s and the 2009 Bipartisan Policy Committee 
plan, which was endorsed by Tom Daschle, Howard Baker, and Bob Dole. 
The Affordable Care Act Would Create A Mad Army of IRS Agents 
In this case, the individual mandate -- which requires people to purchase insurance or incur a tax 
penalty -- provided the fertile soil for this deception to spread. This wildly inaccurate claim by 
Republican opponents who claimed that 16,500 new IRS employees (costing $3.0 billion) might be 
required to administer the new law. The IRS main job under the new law isn't to enforce penalties. Its 
first task is to inform many small-business owners of a new tax credit that the new law grants them --
starting this year -- which will pay up to 35 percent of the employer's contribution toward their 
workers' health insurance. And in 2014 the IRS will also be administering additional subsidies -- in the 
form of refundable tax credits -- to help millions of low- and middle-income individuals buy health 
insurance. 
Affordable Care Act Bill Is Way Too Long And Impossible To Read! 
Without a doubt the Affordable Care Act is a humdinger of a long bill. And long bills are bad because 
length implies complication and complication requires study and study implies some form of "work." 
Actually, reading the bill is not that hard, despite the complaints. As the folks at Computational Legal 
Studies were able to divine: Those versed in the typesetting practices of the United States Congress 
know that the printed version of a bill contains a significant amount of whitespace including non-
trivial space between lines, large headers and margins, an embedded table of contents, and large font. 
For example, consider page 12 of the printed version of H.R. 3962. This page contains fewer than 150 
substantive words. A simple page count vastly overstates the actual length of bill. Rather than use 
page counts, count the number of words contained in the bill and compared these counts to the 
number of words in the existing United States Code. In addition, consider the number of text blocks in 
the bill -- where a text block is a unit of text under a section, subsection, clause, or sub-clause. 
EFTA01133094
--- PAGE 18 ---
As HuffPost noted in March of 2010, "the total number of words in the House Health Reform Bill 
are 363,086," and when you throw out the words in the titles and tables of contents and whatnot, 
leaving only words that "impact substantive law," the word count drops to 234,812. "Harry Potter 
And the Order Of The Phoenix," a popular book read by small children, is 257,000 words long. 
The truth is that one of the reason why this and other legislation are so big is due to the 
accommodation of special interest's carve outs and inclusions, and the Affordable Healthcare Act is no 
different. 
Obviously, I tried to include as many of these types of lies and distortions as possible, but there was no 
way to include them all. 
As Matt Ferner wrote this week in the Huffington Post, nearly one in to watersheds in the United 
States is "stressed," with demand for water exceeding natural supply -- a trend that appears likely to 
become the new normal, according to a recent CIRES study. "By midcentury, we expect to see less 
reliable surface water supplies in several regions of the United States," said Kristen Averyt, associate 
director for science at the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences at the 
University of Colorado-Boulder and one of the authors of the study. "This is likely to create growing 
challenges for agriculture, electrical suppliers and municipalities, as there may be more demand for 
water and less to go around." 
WaSSI based on All Demands 
Or 
## eee 
coe 
tr $ 
N. 
ale 
at 
. 
t',;1/4 • 
CP. 
01/4'  
CP. 
O1 Op'
;•• 
- 
O6 
- 
O6 
, 
he 
ek 
b• 43. 
According to the research of Averyt and her colleagues, 193 of the 2,103 watersheds examined are 
already stressed -- meaning demand for water is higher than natural supply. The researchers found 
that most of the water stress is in the Western United States, where there are fewer surface water 
resources, compared with the East. Averyt and her colleagues write: On the water supply side, 
surface and ground water resources have been declining in much of the U.S. Aquifers underlying the 
Central Valley in California and the Ogallala, which spans the area between Nebraska and Texas, 
are being drawn down more rapidly than they are being recharged. Approximately 23% of annual 
EFTA01133095
--- PAGE 19 ---
freshwater demands rely on groundwater resources, yet the volume of groundwater remaining is 
unclear. 
Average surface water supplies are decreasing, and are expected to continue declining, particularly 
in the southwestern U.S. Also in the southwest, water availability is defined as much by legal 
regimes as by physical processes. Water rights define how much and when water may be withdrawn 
from surface water sources irrespective of how much water may or may not be flowing in a given 
year. Water quality, including temperature and sediment concentration, can also constrain 
availability for certain users. 
The researchers found agriculture requires the most water and contributes the most to regional water 
stress overall; the U.S. West is particularly vulnerable to water stress; and in some areas of the country, 
the water needs of electric power plants represent the biggest demand on water -- so much so that a 
single power plant "has the potential to stress surface supplies in a local area." In some densely 
populated regions like Southern California, cities are the greatest stress on the surface water system. 
CIRES produced a map illustrating all of the stressed watersheds in the continental United States, with 
colors from light green to red indicating increasing levels of stress. 
The researchers found that although there are trends that point toward some stability in the water 
demand nationally as increased efficiency of use offsets increased population, it remains clear that that 
climate change is likely to increase water demands as well as diminish water supplies across the nation 
-- especially in already vulnerable areas like the U.S. West, which relies heavily on water from already-
stressed watersheds like the Colorado River. The Colorado River system has long provided the 
American West with water -- 7 states in all that are home to almost 4o million people. But demands on 
the river are often cited as unsustainable, due to predicted population increases and climate change. A 
recent report from the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation predicts a water supply and demand gap in the 
Colorado River of about 3.2 million-acre feet by 2060 -- roughly five times the amount of water that 
Los Angeles uses in a year. Some recent estimates say that up to 20 percent of the Colorado River 
could dry up by 205o. However, as The Washington Post notes, just how sharply annual water 
flows will drop and just how large the future population will grow are very difficult to predict. 
1/4 
%%U116611 
Having traveled around Europe on high-speed trains that go in excess of 200 miles per hour in 
comfort, an article this past week in the New York Times on how high-speed rail has transformed 
China. Just five years after China's high-speed rail system opened, it is carrying nearly twice as many 
EFTA01133096
--- PAGE 20 ---
passengers each month as the country's domestic airline industry. Practically every train is sold out, 
with traffic growing 28 percent a year for the last several years, China's high-speed rail network will 
handle more passengers by early next year than the 54 million people a month who board domestic 
flights in the United States. Train trips that use to take all day are now two plus hours, enabling city 
workers to visit their parents and relatives hundreds of miles away back home in their ancestral 
villages. 
China's high-speed rail system has emerged as an unexpected success story. Economists and 
transportation experts cite it as one reason for China's continued economic growth when other 
emerging economies are faltering. But it has not been without costs — high debt, many people 
relocated and a deadly accident. The corruption trials this summer of two former senior rail ministry 
officials have cast an unfavo rable light on the bidding process for the rail lines. 
The high-speed rail lines have, without a doubt, transformed China, often in unexpected ways. For 
example, Chinese workers are now more productive. A paper for the World Bank by three consultants 
this year found that Chinese cities connected to the high-speed rail network, as more than 100 are 
already, are likely to experience broad growth in worker productivity. The productivity gains occur 
when companies find themselves within a couple of hours' train ride of tens of millions of potential 
customers, employees and rivals. Productivity gains to the economy appear to be of the same order as 
the combined economic gains from the usual arguments given for high-speed trains, including time 
savings for travelers, reduced noise, less air pollution and fuel savings, the World Bank consultants 
calculated. 
Companies are opening research and development centers in more glamorous cities like Beijing and 
Shenzhen with abundant supplies of young, highly educated workers, and having them take frequent 
day trips to factories in cities with lower wages and land costs, like Tianjin and Changsha. Businesses 
are also customizing their products more through frequent meetings with clients in other cities, part of 
a broader move up the ladder toward higher value-added products. China relocated large numbers of 
families whose homes lay in the path of the tracks and quickly built new residential and commercial 
districts around high-speed train stations. 
China's success may not be easily reproduced in the West, and not just because few places can match 
China's pace of urbanization. China has four times the population of the United States, and the great 
bulk of its people live in the eastern third of the country, an area similar in size to the United States 
east of the Mississippi. "Except for Boston to Washington, D.C., we don't have the corridors" of high 
population density that China has, said C. William Ibbs, a professor of civil engineering at the 
University of California, Berkeley. China's high-speed rail program has been married to the world's 
most ambitious subway construction program, as more than half the world's large tunneling machines 
chisel away underneath big Chinese cities. That has meant easy access to high-speed rail stations for 
huge numbers of people — although the subway line to Changsha's high-speed train station has been 
delayed after a deadly tunnel accident, a possible side effect of China's haste. 
New subway lines, rail lines and urban districts are part of China's heavy dependence on investment-
led growth. Despite repeated calls by Chinese leaders for a shift to more consumer-led growth, it 
shows little sign of changing. China's new prime minister, Li Keqiang, publicly endorsed further 
expansion of the 5,900-mile high-speed rail network this summer. He said the country would invest 
$3.00 billion a year in its train system for years to come, mainly on high-speed rail. The Chinese 
government is already struggling with nearly $500 billion in overall rail debt. Most of it was incurred 
for the high-speed rail system and financed with bank loans that must be rolled over as often as once a 
year. Using short-term loans made the financing look less risky on the balance sheets of the state-
controlled banking system and held down borrowing costs. But the reliance on short-term credit has 
left the system vulnerable to any increase in interest rates. 
Another impact: air travel. Train ridership has soared partly because China has set fares on high-
speed rail lines at a little less than half of comparable airfares and then refrained from raising them. 
On routes that are four or five years old, prices have stayed the same as blue-collar wages have more 
than doubled. That has resulted in many workers, as well as business executives, switching to high-
speed trains. Airlines have largely halted service on routes of less than 300 miles when high-speed rail 
links open. They have reduced service on routes of 300 to 470 miles. 
EFTA01133097
--- PAGE 21 ---
The double-digit annual wage increases give the Chinese enough disposable income that domestic 
airline traffic has still been growing 10 percent a year. That is the second-fastest growth among the 
world's 10 largest domestic aviation markets, after India, which now faces a slowdown as the fall of the 
rupee has made aviation fuel exorbitantly expensive for air carriers there. High-speed trains are not 
only allowing business managers from deep inside China to reach bigger markets. They are also 
prompting foreign executives to look deeper in China for suppliers as wages surge along the coast. The 
only drawback: "The high-speed trains are getting very crowded these days." 
So why can't we do the same thing here in the United States, where compared to China's high-speed 
trains, Japan's Bullet Trains and France's TVR, Amtrack in the US more aldn to the horse and buggy? 
The fact that we don't have high-speed trains network between, Boston, New York, Philadelphia and 
Washington DC or San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego is ridiculous, in the richest and most 
technological advanced country in the world. 
****** 
Exposing the Pay Gap 
B, THE EDITORIAL BOARD 
Of all the provisions in the vast and complex Dodd-Frank financial reform law, one of the most far-
reaching is also the most direct and easily understood. It requires public companies to compute and 
disclose the ratio of a chief executive's pay to that of a typical employee. 
For more than three years, however, corporate America has resisted the mandate, warning that 
following the law would be a logistical nightmare, unduly complex and ultimately meaningless. The 
complaints never rang true. Companies already disclose executive pay and surely know how much they 
pay their employees. From there, computing the "pay ratio" is not rocket science. 
Even so, these arguments have long prevailed at the Securities and Exchange Commission, delaying 
regulations to put the pay-ratio provision into effect. No longer. Last week, the S.E.C. proposed a 
strong, common-sense rule that basically tells the companies to follow the law. The proposal addresses 
concerns about complexity by giving corporations clear guidance and sufficient flexibility to compute 
the ratio, but without undermining the law's intent, which is to give the public a clear picture of the 
gaps between pay at the top and pay at the median. 
The information is vital. It would allow investors to more accurately judge the effect of pay structures 
on company performance. It would inform investors' votes on executive pay, because it would be a 
benchmark for determining whether executive pay is excessive. It would help regulators and policy 
makers detect bubbles and impending crashes, because those often correlate to widening pay gaps. It 
would help alert consumers and taxpayers to companies where work forces are underpaid, even as 
executive pay soars, a circumstance that often requires taxpayer dollars be spent on assistance to low-
wage workers. 
Disclosing the pay ratio is not the only way to confront those issues, but it will be enormously helpful. 
In recent decades, changing corporate norms have allowed C.E.O. compensation over all to balloon to 
nearly 3oo times what typical employees make. Company-specific data on pay gaps will force chief 
executives and their boards to justify just how out of kilter pay scales have become. 
For the next 6o days, the S.E.C. will gather public comment on its pay ratio proposal. Count us in 
favor. 
****** 
Last week marked both the fifth anniversary of the fiscal meltdown that almost tanked the world 
economy and the second anniversary of Occupy Wall Street, the movement that sparked heightened 
public awareness of income inequality. Yet the crisis is worse than ever — in the first three years of the 
recovery, 95-percent of the economic gains have gone only to the top one-percent of Americans. And 
the share of working people in the U.S. who define themselves as lower class is at its highest level in 
four decades. And as many of you know, I am a huge fan of Bill Moyers whose show last week, 
Inequality for All was an interview with Robert Reich, former Secretary Labor under President Bill 
Clinton. 
EFTA01133098
--- PAGE 22 ---
When presented with the question how does one constrain capitalism from doing stupid things that 
are not in the public interest? Reich replied that you have a democracy that is sufficiently well-
functioning. That laws and rules limit what can be done. If the democracy is corrupted itself by that 
capitalist excess, then the first thing you've got to do is get big money out of politics. Before that the 
Carter administration. Of all developed nations the United States has the most unequal distribution of 
income and we're surging toward even greater inequality. 1928 and 2007 become the peak years for 
income concentration, it looks like a suspension bridge. Woman last year made $36,000, while men 
made $50,000 a year, sometimes working 70 hours a week. And under these numbers the middle 
class is struggling. In the decades after World War II, the economy boomed yet we had very low 
inequality. We had low deficits and taxes on the rich hovered around 5o%. And incomes grew for 
almost everyone. On this issue of widening inequality there's so much confusion, because people in the 
right-wing often blame the poor, while those in the left-wing blame the rich. 
There's a lot of blame going around. But people are not looking at the actual structure of the economy 
as it's evolving. They're not looking at how we need to change the organization of the economy. And 
why we are the most unequal of all advanced societies and economies in the world. There is a popular 
misconception that the economy is kind of out there, it's kind of natural forces that can't be changed. 
They're immutable. And we all sort of work for this economy. But in reality, the economy is a set of 
rules. There's no economy in the state of nature. They're rules. There are rules about property and 
liability and anti-trust and bankruptcy and subsidies for certain things and taxes for certain things. 
These rules really are the rules of the game. They determine economic outcomes. If we don't like 
them, we can change the rules. And if we had a democracy that was working as a democracy should be 
working, we could adapt the rules so that, for example, the gains of economic growth were more widely 
distributed without a sacrifice of efficiency or innovation. 
Of all developed nations today, the United States has the most unequal distribution of income and 
wealth by far. And we're surging towards even greater inequality. One way of looking at and 
measuring inequality is to look at the earnings of people at the top versus the earnings of the typical 
worker in the middle. The typical male worker in 1978 was malting around $48,000, adjusting for 
inflation, while the average person in the top one percent earned $390,000. Now fast forward. By 
2010, the typical male worker earned even less than he did then. But at person the top got more than 
twice as much as before. Today, the richest 400 Americans have more wealth than the bottom 15o 
million of us put together. Think about it -- Four hundred people have more wealth than half the 
population of the United States. And their wealth is increasing. 
Last week researchers said that in the year 2012 inequality reached a new peak in the United States. 
The previous peak, we thought was the peak, that is 2007 actually has been superseded by this new 
peak of inequality, concentrated income in 2012 that almost all the gains of economic growth have 
been going to a very small number of people at the very top. Since the bottom of the recession in 2009 
brought on by the financial collapse in 2008, the top one percent of Americans took home 95 percent 
of the income gains. Whereas, between 1946 and 1978, as the economy grew, everybody benefited. It 
was very wide -- the benefits were very widely dispersed. During that period the entire country 
enjoyed shared prosperity. It wasn't socialism as Eisenhower and Nixon and Ford were presidents 
through most of that period. And we didn't consider it abnormal. We considered it normal. As the 
economy grows, we should all get something. And during those years, the economy doubled in size 
and everybody's income doubled. Even if you were in the bottom fifth of the income earners you did 
actually better. 
But something happened in the late 1970s, early 1980s, to change the historic relationship between 
economic growth and the growth in productivity on the one hand and wages. Beginning in the late '70s 
and really to a greater and greater degree over the last three decades, all the wealth, or most of the 
wealth, most of the new wealth in society went right to the top. Income gains went right to the top and 
people in the middle, the median worker, the median wage, stagnated. In fact since the year 2000, if 
you adjust for inflation, you have to adjust for inflation, the actual median wage has been dropping. 
It's now five percent below what it was then. Something is fundamentally wrong. And to the average 
American, the game feels rigged somehow. And I think that's the conclusion that many people are 
coming to regardless of whether you are, consider yourself, on the left or the right. Many Tea Partiers 
EFTA01133099
--- PAGE 23 ---
are angry at the system because there seems to be so much collusion between government and big 
business and Wall Street. That's where the Tea Party and Occupy Wall Street movements came from. 
Both about what looked like a fundamentally unfair subsidy going from everybody, taxpayers, to 
mostly the top one percent, that is the people on Wall Street who had blown it. Who had basically 
treated the economy as a casino for much of their own benefit. And leaving many of the rest of us 
underwater in terms of being able to pay our mortgages, with our savings depleted because the stock 
market had basically reversed itself, and jobless. Five years after Lehman Brothers collapsed and Wall 
Street went south, the big banks are still at it, still gambling. We don't even have a Volcker Rule and 
the Dodd-Frank Act that was supposed to clean up all of this, was kind of a watered-down Glass-
Steagall. Glass-Steagall was the old 193os rule that said you had to split your commercial banking 
operations from your, basically your casino, betting operations. 
Today, more than ever we've got a huge, powerful, Wall Street lobbying machine, a lot of money 
coming from Wall Street that influenced politicians, even Democrat politicians. This is not a matter of 
partisan politics. Everybody is guilty. And the money is still determining what the rules of the game 
are going to be. And these are the people who are taking in most of the income produced by the 
recovery. And not only they taking in most of the income produced by the recovery, they're enjoying 
almost all of the economic gains and they are using their privileged position with regard to political 
power to entrench themselves in terms of their economic gains of the future and their political 
influence in the future. 
Contrary to popular mythology, globalization and technology haven't really reduced the number of jobs 
available to Americans. These transformations have reduced their pay. It is not just that wages are 
stagnated. But when you take into consideration rising costs. The rising cost of rent or homes, 
dramatically-increasing costs of healthcare, the rising costs of childcare and also the rising costs of 
higher education, rising much faster than inflation, take all of these into consideration, and you find 
that it's much worse than just stagnating wages. It's basically middle-class families, often with two 
wage earners, working harder and harder and harder and getting nowhere. They are not seeing their 
incomes increase if you adjust for inflation. In terms of repurchasing power many of them are seeing 
their incomes drop. They also are having less and less, enjoying less and less economic security. 
Because at any time they can be fired. You have two incomes they depend on. 
So the chance of something happening, like a firing or a company basically leaving town or one of them 
getting very sick and not being able to pull in that kind of income. All of those negative possibilities 
are themselves increasing, meanwhile upward mobility is fading. We used to have in this country the 
notion that anybody with enough guts and gumption could make it. So even if you have wide 
inequality, it was okay because you could make it. You could feast at the same table if you stuck to it 
and if you really tried hard. That's disappearing. Forty-two percent of children who were born into 
poverty, for example, in the United States, will be in poverty as adults and at a higher percentage than 
any other advanced country. Even great Britain, with a history of class — we think about Britain, we 
think of a class or rigid class structure. Yet, only 3o percent of the kids who were born into poverty 
remain in poverty as adults. Because upward mobility is more of a reality in the UK and in many other 
countries than it is now in present-day America. 
One of the other major problems is corporate behavior. Today, the major corporations in the U.S. are 
sitting on record profits, which are not being used to create more jobs. Yet, Conservatives argue that 
corporations should be taxed at a lower level so they can create jobs. Or that money -- that the rich 
shouldn't be taxed because they're job creators. Whereas the truth is that when the middle class and 
everybody aspiring to join middle class don't have enough money with their wages declining, benefits 
almost non-existent and worried about the next paycheck. As a result they cannot turn around and 
buy what the economy is capable of producing. And understand, in this country 70 percent of the 
economy is consumer spending. 
Yes, we have a giant middle class and tens of millions wanting to join it. But the reality is that they 
don't have the purchasing power any longer to sustain its growth, as most of the benefits of the 
economy are going to the very top, and the top are the ones who are saving, with these savings going 
around the world, wherever they can get the highest return on those savings. The result is less demand 
in the economy to make it worthwhile for companies to hire more people and expand. At the same 
EFTA01133100
--- PAGE 24 ---
time Wall Street is saying to them, "don't plan for the long-term future. Give us the highest return we 
can possibly get." Hence, the average CEO says "even though I have the best, people aren't buying as 
much as they use to. So the easiest way of showing big returns is to shrink my payrolls, to get lean 
and mean, outsource, maybe automate — do whatever I have to do to get the cost down." And the 
fact of the matter is that the entire system is designed in such a way that everybody is acting rationally, 
given what the rules of the game are. But the rules of the game themselves are irrational, and 
irrational socially. And they are not generating the kind of prosperous society that we need to 
maintain an economy and also to maintain a democracy. 
With trillions of dollars stashed abroad, companies like Microsoft and Cisco are going on international 
buying sprees to acquiring companies where they then domicile operations that enable them to avoid 
paying US taxes on this money and future profits from these international divisions. As a result many 
companies and analyst believe that ifs more profitable to buy a company abroad than it is to bring 
profits that they've earned at home and overseas, instead of paying taxes on the profits. And it's logical 
within the system. But the big rub is that at the same time these same companies demand that the US 
government protect their intellectual property, market and resource access. 
But getting back to the issue of growing inequality, there are many who believe that it is okay and some 
even celebrate it. When former Senator Rick Santorum was running for the Republican nomination 
for president last year, he made a speech at the Detroit Economic Club. "President Obama is all 
about equality of results. I'm about equality of opportunity. I'm not about equality of result when it 
comes to income inequality. There is income inequality in America. There always has been and 
hopefully, and I do say that, there always will be. Why? Because people rise to dffferent levels of 
success based on what they contribute to society and to the marketplace and that's as it should be." 
Like Santorum, I believe that nobody should expect nor do I advocate equality of outcome. But the 
real problem is that we don't have equality of opportunity. Example Number one; the schools available 
to poor and lower middle class and many middle class families and their kids are not nearly as good as 
the schools available to the wealthy. Example two; the tax laws are weighted increasingly in favor of 
the wealthy. Therefore a lot of middle class and poor people actually are paying, particularly through 
social security and income taxes which nobody talks about a much larger share of their income. And 
the laws governing almost everything that can be imagine are tilted toward shareholders away from 
those whose major asset is their house. As a result, there is not equality of opportunity. And this is the 
problem. If we really had equality of opportunity we wouldn't even be having this discussion. It's 
important to bear in mind that some inequality is necessary if we're going to have a capitalist system 
that creates incentives for people to work hard and to invent and to try very hard. But when the 
system is rigged like it is today, inequality will persist and grow. 
Today, inequality is at a tipping point to the degree that it is now threatening the economy, society and 
our democracy. One reason why the recovery has been so anemic is that we don't have enough 
purchasing power in our society because almost all of the gains are going to a very small number at the 
top. Fact of the matter is, most Americans now are losing faith in our democracy. Which to me is our 
most precious gift, the most precious legacy that we have to hand down to our future generation 
According to "Forbes" magazine, the 400 richest Americans are now worth a combined two trillion 
dollars, while new figures from the census bureau show that the typical middle class family makes less 
than it did in 1989. The two Americas are growing further and further apart. 
There are a lot of people, including Warren Buffet who made a lot of money that believe that this 
widening economic inequality is both bad for the economy and for them. And although the solution is 
portrayed as taking money from the rich and we're giving it to the poor. I believe that there is no one 
solution with the exception that we have to stop blaming the poor for being poor and have to find ways 
of addressing the inequality of opportunity because without opportunity there is no American Dream. 
I invite you to see Inequality of All with Bill Moyers: http://billmoyers.com/episode/full-show-
inequality-for-all/
****** 
The most engaging political article that I read this week was Howard Fineman's — How 
Conservatives Cooked A Blue Meth GOP in The Huffington Post, as it echoes the sentiment 
EFTA01133101
--- PAGE 25 ---
of Jeff Daniel's character Will McAvoy in The Network's Election Night episode as Fineman 
lamented that the Republican Party used to be dull and relatively reasonable. It stood for spending 
restraint, free markets (for big companies) and gentle regulation of business. But it also stood for, or 
accepted, federal public works and scientific research, a foreign policy that was neither isolationist nor 
war-mongering, the use of federal power in the name of racial justice, progressive taxation, and a 
public piety of the most anodyne, "In God We Trust" kind. 
Fineman continues; the party of Dwight Eisenhower -- of Scotch and soda and sotto voce -- is all but 
extinct. What's left of it is barricaded in the U.S. Senate, under fire in a deadly turf war with Blue Meth 
Republicanism, a movement at times so angry, reductionist, apocalyptic, God-invoking, fear-
mongering and obsessed with purity that it seems to have been concocted in the sub-basement of 
"Breaking Bad." One of its younger, more aggressive leaders, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, just 
delivered a grandstanding faux filibuster against Obamacare. Insiders and "mainstream" media 
weren't impressed, but then they weren't his audience. The Blue Meth Crew was, and they will be 
back. So where did this potent and, to its critics, self-destructive new formula come from? 
• 
a 
I invite you all to read the attached full article by Howard Fineman who chronicles the history of the 
move to the right by the Conservative takeover of the Republican Party since Sept. 11, 1960, acolytes of 
conservative writer and editor William F. Buckley gather at his Connecticut home and issue the 
founding document of modern conservatism. The Sharon Statement is a terse libertarian credo, 
extolling individual freedom, minimalist government and a market economy. The proto-tea party, 
anti-federal movement is born -- a brief look at how, over the decades, the Grand Old Party of 
grandfatherly Ike cooked itself into the anti-government Party of the Temper Tantrum. 
In light of the recent diplomatic events this week, both Eugene Robinson and Fareed Zakaria wrote 
several interesting op-ed articles in The Washington Post. In Robinson's op-ed — Eugene 
Robinson: Obama's reality check — he says, "If President Obama ever was a foreign-policy 
idealist, he's not one now. The address he delivered Tuesday at the United Nations amounted to a 
realist manifesto for defending U.S. "core interests" — using force, when necessary — without trying 
to impose American values on unready or unwilling societies. The speech laid out an Obama Doctrine 
for confronting a rapidly changing world full of dangers new and old. "I believe America is 
exceptional,"the president said, citing the nation's historic willingness to offer "the sacrifice of blood 
and treasure ... for the interest of all." But his updated vision of U.S. leadership, although sweetly 
phrased, was tightly focused and unsentimental. 
In the Mideast, Obama said, the United States will use military action if necessary to secure "our core 
interests." He identified these as defending allies against aggression, ensuring the free flow of oil from 
the region, dismantling terrorist networks and preventing "the development or use of weapons of 
mass destruction." He specifically relegated democracy, human rights and free markets to a lower 
tier. We will continue to promote these ideals, he said, but with the knowledge that "we can rarely 
achieve these objectives through unilateral American action" and that "democracy cannot simply be 
imposed by force." Obama went beyond rejecting the 'freedom agenda"that George W. Bush pursued 
with such martial zeal. The president specifically declared that "the United States will at times work 
EFTA01133102
--- PAGE 26 ---
with governments that do not meet, at least in our view, the highest international expectations but 
who work with us on our core interests." Great to see an American leader who is rationale. 
He cited Egypt as an example, saying that he will maintain a "constructive relationship"with the new 
government as long as it respects the peace agreement with Israel and cooperates in the fight against 
terrorism. In other words, Obama has no intention of calling the coup that deposed Mohamed Morsi's 
government by its proper name, which would trigger a cutoff of U.S. aid. Likewise, the White House 
can be expected to continue its silence about the ongoing repression of the Muslim Brotherhood, 
whose leaders are now jailed or in exile. Implicit throughout Obama's speech was that the early 
promise of the Arab Spring — an unstoppable wave of democracy spreading throughout the region, 
fueled by nonviolent "people power" — has been replaced by alarm at the eruption of Islamic 
extremism and sectarian violence. 
The president committed U.S. power and prestige to two long-shot initiatives. Trying to solve the 
Israeli-Palestinian conflict looks, to me, pretty much like an impossibility at this point — but not a 
waste of time, since it is better to have some sort of peace process under way than not. Negotiating an 
end to the threat posed by Iran's nuclear program, on the other hand, is dearly the right idea at the 
right time. By all accounts, the stranglehold sanctions on the Iranian regime are causing real pain. The 
new moderate leadership seems to have been given unprecedented freedom to negotiate a loosening of 
the vise. President Hassan Rouhani may not have the will or the latitude to reach a settlement in the 
next three months, as he claims, but it would be a tragic mistake not to find out. At the same time —
and I think this has to be a factor in the president's thinking, underpinning the entire Obama Doctrine 
— the Syria experience showed how reluctant Americans are to contemplate another Mideast war. 
Fareed Zakaria op-ed — Can Rouhani or Obama deliver on any deal? — pointed out that 
Iran's new President Hassan Rouhani presented himself in striking contrast with his predecessor 
(Mahmoud Ahmadinejad) last week in New York at the Opening of the UN General Assembly. 
Example: For the past several years, Ahmadinejad held a breakfast meeting with a small group of 
journalists during the opening of the U.N. General Assembly. In recent years, the event had become a 
depressing routine — dressed in his trademark shabby suit — would saunter in, ramble and rant about 
the dangers of U.S. hegemony, deny the Holocaust and taunt his invited guests. Rahani, by contrast, 
arrived punctually, elegantly attired in flowing clerical robes, and spoke intelligently and precisely 
about every topic discussed. His only peroration was against "Iranophobia"; he implored the media 
to visit Iran and on their own, present the "real" picture of his country to the world. 
"The nuclear issue can be resolved in a very short time," Rouhani said, showing a surprising degree of 
optimism about an issue that has proved extremely difficult. "The world wants to be assured that our 
program is peaceful, and we want to help them gain that confidence." (The meeting was off the 
record, but he allowed a few of his answers to be made public.) The economic sanctions against Iran 
have taken a heavy toll. Rouhani spoke forcefully about the damage to ordinary Iranians — denying 
people food and medicine. He suggested that both the United States and Iran have made 
miscalculations but said that was in the past. He was hopeful about better relations. 
Zakaria said that he came away willing to believe that Rouhani is a pragmatist. And that ("Moderate" 
is a misleading term for the head of a quasi-theocratic regime.) He wants to end his country's 
isolation. But it remains unclear whether he has the authority to act on behalf of his government. 
Consider what happened Tuesday, when the Iranians turned down a White House offer of a brief 
meeting with President Obama. Rouhani explained that he had no problem "in principle" with the 
handshake but said that this was a "sensitive issue" and that it would have been the first such meeting 
in 35 years, so steps have to be taken with proper preparation. One has to wonder: If Rouhani does not 
have the freedom to shake Obama's hand, does he have the freedom to negotiate a nuclear deal? 
Zakaria again: The Tehran government has another side, made up of the Revolutionary Guard Corps, 
the special force whose political influence has grown over the past decade. These people are hawkish 
on all foreign-policy issues. They also profit from the sanctions because their businesses have become 
the only path for trade and smuggling. Perhaps the most encouraging news from Iran in the past two 
weeks was that its supreme leader, Ali Khamenei, publicly addressed the Guard and said its role was in 
national defense, not "policy." 
EFTA01133103
--- PAGE 27 ---
And that U.S. doubts about Rouhani's power can be addressed only over time and through Iranian 
actions. And given the partisanship in Washington, Iranians probably also have doubts — about 
Obama's power. Still, the new Iranian president appears willing to cooperate on the nuclear issue in 
return for a relaxing of the sanctions crippling his country. But can Obama provide any such relief? 
Iran has dozens of layers of sanctions arrayed against it. Some are based on U.N. Security Council 
resolutions, others are decisions by the European Union, others are acts of Congress and still others 
are executive orders by the U.S. president. Obama can unilaterally lift only the last, which are the least 
burdensome. The most onerous by far are the sanctions passed through acts of Congress, and those 
will be the most difficult to lift. In theory, it's possible to devise a rational process that requires 
concrete actions from Iran, verifiable checks by inspectors and then a reciprocal easing of sanctions by 
the United States. But this would require Congress to behave in a rational manner — which is a 
fantasy today. The most likely scenario is that any agreement with Iran — almost regardless of its 
content — would instantly be denounced by Republicans as selling out. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) has 
already gathered 10 other senators who insist that, unless Iran dismantles most of its civilian nuclear 
program and becomes a liberal democracy, none of the sanctions can be eased. 
Zakaria points out that the Obama administration is conscious of the other side of American 
government. And that much of the macho rhetoric emanating from the administration about Iran has 
seemed designed to inoculate it from charges of being soft. Zakaria concludes that the reality is that it 
remains unclear whether Iran can say yes to a nuclear deal — and equally unclear whether the United 
States can either. But the fact that the leaders spoke to each other this week for the first time in more 
than three decades is a positive and encouraging step in the right direction. 
In an article in the New York Times this week, reporter Lurie Goodstein — Hispanics Grow 
Cool to M.
, Poll Finds — A new survey shows that Hispanics, the nation's largest minority 
group, have grown increasingly negative toward the Republican Party during the political battle over 
changing immigration law and lean surprisingly liberal on social issues like gay marriage — a 
combination of factors that presents a steep challenge for Republicans in trying to win back Hispanic 
voters. 
Which party do you think is better 
described by the phrase... 
DIVICCICMC Pety IM 
the Ittputdicon Pate 
at 
MOM sway 
a —
y) 
It 
PO 
- 
18 
COPS 0PO.4 
ramie b 
you 
440* atter!. 
Shoes you yobs 
rata pas song 
1.004I 0.1 t:4 the 
rhumb c4 people 'too 
(MYNA 0O:1(p0urKts 
More than 6 in 1O Hispanic respondents said they felt closer to the Democratic Party than they had in 
the past, while only 3 in to said they felt closer to the Republican Party. When Hispanics were asked to 
offer descriptions of the parties, 48 percent of the responses about the Republicans were negative 
associations like "intolerant" and "out of touch," while 22 percent of the responses for the Democrats 
were negative. 
EFTA01133104
--- PAGE 28 ---
The outlook for Republicans has grown increasingly negative since 2004, when President George W. 
Bush won re-election with 44 percent of the Hispanic vote. The survey, released Friday by the Public 
Religion Research Institute, a nonprofit research group in Washington, found that 56 percent of 
registered Hispanic voters identified with the Democrats, while 19 percent said they identified with 
Republicans, and 19 percent as independents. 
The religious identities of Hispanics are also changing, with 69 percent saying they grew up Catholic, 
but only 53 percent saying they identify as Catholic now. Those saying they are evangelical Protestants 
have increased by six percentage points to 13 percent. But Hispanics, like Americans as a whole, are 
increasingly claiming no religion at all: 7 percent of Hispanics say they were raised in a faith but now 
have no religious affiliation, bringing the total percentage of Hispanics with no religion to 12 percent. 
Robert P. Jones, the chief executive of the institute, said in an interview: "If these trends continue, 
what we'll see is a growing polarization among Hispanics, anchored on one end by evangelicals, who 
tend to be conservative, and on the other end by religiously unaffiliated Hispanics. The unaffiliated 
voted for Obama by 8o percent, so you see really different political profiles." 
Conservatives have often claimed that Hispanics are a natural constituency for the Republican Party 
because they care about what the party considers family values. This holds true on abortion, with 52 
percent saying abortion should be illegal in all or most cases, and 47 percent saying it should be legal. 
But on same-sex marriage, 55 percent of Hispanics favor allowing gay and lesbian couples to marry, 
compared with 43 percent who are opposed. 
And Hispanics in the poll said they were far more likely to vote for candidates based on their stances 
on immigration than on their stance on abortion or gay marriage. 
The parties' handling of immigration has been a major factor swaying Hispanics' allegiances. In the 
survey, 42 percent of Hispanics said that Democrats were better able to deal with immigration, while 
percent said Republicans would do better. 
But in a finding that could be tantalizing for both parties, 21 percent of Hispanics polled said neither 
party is best able to handle immigration, and 17 percent said both parties are equally able to deal with 
immigration. About one in five registered Hispanic voters and more than one-third of Hispanic 
citizens who are not registered to vote said they were independents, suggesting they might be up for 
grabs between the parties. 
Latinos named health care as one of their primary concerns, and they were sharply divided on 
President Obama's health care law. Nearly half, 48 percent, said they would support repealing the law, 
while 47 percent opposed repeal, a finding that could be promising for Republicans battling that law. 
Hispanics in the poll had strong ideas about resolving illegal immigration. Sixty-seven percent of 
Latinos surveyed said unauthorized immigrants in the country should be allowed to become American 
citizens if they meet certain requirements. Only 17 percent said they should be allowed to become legal 
permanent residents but not citizens. An even smaller number, ro percent, said they should be 
deported. 
In June, the Senate passed a broad immigration bill that includes a path to citizenship for all of an 
estimated 11.7 million immigrants here illegally. Republican leaders in the House said they would not 
take up that measure but that they could act on smaller bills that would strengthen enforcement and 
make other fixes to the system. Some Republicans have said they would consider legal status for illegal 
immigrants, but without any path to citizenship. 
Half of Hispanic adults are immigrants born outside the United States. But in contrast to widespread 
perceptions that many Latinos are here illegally and do not speak English well, the report cites census 
data showing that two-thirds of Hispanic adults are United States citizens and about two-thirds either 
speak English primarily or are bilingual. 
EFTA01133105
--- PAGE 29 ---
The poll was conducted between Aug. 23 and Sept. 3 and was released at a conference of religion news 
writers in Austin. Online interviews were conducted in English and Spanish with 1,563 Hispanic 
adults, citizens and noncitizens, who were part of the GfK KnowledgePanel, a nationally representative 
probability sample of Americans, and the margin of sampling error is plus or minus four percentage 
points. 
Something to muse 
Auto Acronyms 
What car names really stand for: 
AUDI:Accelerates Under Demonic Influence 
BMW: BigMoney Works 
CHEVROLET: Cheap, Hardly Efficient, Virtually 
Runs On Luck Every Time 
DODGE: Drips Oil, Drops Grease Everywhere 
FIAT: Fix It All the Time 
FORD: Fast Only Rolling Downhill 
GMC: Garage Man's Companion 
HONDA: Had One, Never Did Again 
HYUNDAI: Hope You Understand Nothing is 
Drivable and Inexpensive 
EFTA01133106
--- PAGE 30 ---
SAAB: Swedish Automobiles Always Breakdown 
TOYOTA: Too Often Yankees Overprice This Auto 
VOLVO: Very Odd-Looking Vehicular Object 
JEEP: Just Expect Essential Parts 
MG: Might be Good 
PONTIAC: Poor Old Nut Thinks It's A Cadillac 
THIS WEEK's QUOTE/RANT 
Twelve years after 9/11 and debating bombing another Muslim country America must stop asking the 
question why do they hate us. Forget the Syria debate, we need a debate on why we are always 
debating on whether or not to bomb someone because we are starting to look not some much as the 
world's policeman but more like George Zimmerman 
inching to use force and then pretending 
because we had no choice. Now I am against chemical weapons and I don't care who knows it and I 
understand the appeal on putting the world on notice that if you use poison gas the United States of 
America will personally, personally fuck you up. We will seek out the council and support of the entire 
nation of families and no matter what they say we will go ahead 
and fuck you up. But however valid 
that argument maybe, it is I believe outweigh by the fact that we have to stop bombing Muslim 
countries if we ever want to feel safe from terrorism in our own 
The chemical weapons treaty is 
important but to the jihadi on the street it just looks like we are always looking for a new reason to 
bomb them. Even worse, bombing seems to be our answer to everything. Since 1945 when Jesus 
granted America air superiority.... We have bombed Korea, Viet Nam, Laos, Cambodia, Lebanon, 
Granada, Panama, Iraq, Serbia, Somalia, Bosnia, The Sudan, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Libya and 
Yeman 
How did we inherit this moral obligation to bring justice to the world via death from above? 
Are we Zeus? It doesn't make any sense. Our schools are crumbling and yet we want to teach everyone 
else a lesson. I am no fan of Assad.... I think that he is a sociopath... But we are the only country in the 
world that muses out loud about who we might bomb.... Iran.... Yeah we might bomb you... Yeah we 
are thinking about it maybe, depends on the mood. We did this with Iraq after 9/11 even though they 
had nothing to do with 9/11. We do it with Iran every day. And now it is Syria's turn. We are like a 
schoolyard bully who's got every kid in the class nervous that they are going to be next. And I don't 
know if anybody should have that power. Can you imagine going to work and sitting at the lunch table 
with ten different people in front of you and saying, hey.... You think that we should kill Bob.... Well it 
would send a message to Steve 
Who acts like this? People in other countries don't talk like this.... 
Probably because if they did 
We would bomb them.... And we are the only nation as we have seen 
in this Syrian fiasco that threatens to drop bombs on you while telling you we don't want to get 
involved. We are just bombing.... No boots on the ground 
A little light bombing and we will be out 
of your hair in a moment. I remember being on the Howard Stern show twelve years ago, right after 
9/11 and Howard said that in retaliation for 9/11 America should bomb a Muslim country, any Muslim 
EFTA01133107
--- PAGE 31 ---
country, it didn't matter which one.... And yet, I was the one on trial for talldng crazy. And I remember 
thinking to myself.... Really bomb any Muslim country 
That's the policy.... Get a map of the Middle 
East and just throw a dart at it.... Apparently George W. Bush was listening because that's exactly what 
we did 
Bill Maher (September 13, 2o13) 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
This week I am feeling Bobby Womack 
again. Robert Dwayne "Bobby" Womack born March 4, 
1944) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. An active recording artist since the early 1960s 
where he started his career as the lead singer of his family musical group The Valentinos and as Sam 
Cooke's backing guitarist, Womack's career has spanned more than 5o years and has spanned a 
repertoire in the styles of R&B, soul, rock and roll, doo-wop, gospel, and country. Womack wrote and 
originally recorded The Rolling Stones' first UK No. 1 hit, "It's All Over Now" and New Birth's "I Can 
Understand It" among other songs. As a singer he is most notable for the hits "Lookin' For a Love", 
"That's The Way I Feel About Cha", "Woman's Gotta Have It", "Harry Hippie", 'Across noth Street" 
and his 1980s hit "If You Think You're Lonely Now". In 2009, Womack was inducted into the Rock 
and Roll Hall of Fame. 
Bobby Womack -- That's The Way I FeelAbout Cha 
http://youtu.be/BPMJFqwsi6E & 
http://youtu.be/JdlGkpmc4jll 
Bobby Womack -- If You Think You're Lonely Now -- http://youtu.be/vHTmtqlRRGO & 
http://youtu.be/ERu7Y365CIA 
Bobby Womack -- I Wish He Didn't Trust Me So Much -- http://youtu.be/lKp3f9ZXIGw 
Bobby Womack & Patty Labelle -- http://youtu.be/DaYW-4ttPco 
EFTA01133108
--- PAGE 32 ---
Bobby Womack -- Nobody Wants You When You're Down In Out --
http://
e/ICBhIluIls
Bobby Womack -- Across moth Street -- http://youtu.be/Js6r- 1 BerrA 
Bobby Womack -- Lookin' for a Love -- http://youtu.be/tNjSBkGUOTU 
Bobby Womack -- No Matter How High I Get -- http://youtu.beklAt089DFQ8 
Luther Barnes & Bobby Womack -- http://youtu.be/T1FARzF4xNw 
Bobby Womack -- Gypsy Woman -- http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=OXvjRzurNLQ&feature=share&list=RD02tNjSBkGUOTU 
Bobby Womack -- The Preacher / More Than I Can -- http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=M1P9rBU9U-s&feature=share&list=RD02tNjSBkGUOTU 
Bobby Womack -- California Dreamin 
http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=TXDIMXee9t£1&feature=share&list=RD02tNjSBkGUOTU 
Bobby Womack -- All Along The Watch Tower -- http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=YlchrEAX1q2A&feature=share&list=RD02tNjSBkGUOTU 
Bobby Womack -- Caught In The Middle -- http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=lpvr1WqHC9g&feature=share&list=RD02tNjSBkGUOTU 
Bobby Womack -- Fire & Rain -- http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=BWTppmwChBg&feature=share&list=RD02tNjSBkGUOTU 
Bobby Womack -- A Change Gonna Come -- http://youtu.be/jNe2rRBJ5j4
I hope that you have enjoyed this week's offerings and wish you a great 
week 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Fanners. LLC 
US 
Fax: 
SL e: 
EFTA01133109

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133110.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133110

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133111.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 29 Sep 2013 15:24:21 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Imimjinvoice.pdf 
Here is the mail they sent me from office 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Sunday, September 29, 2013 5:20 PM 
ToSININ. 
Subject: Re: Re: 
how much , and to who 
On Sun, Sep 29, 2013 at 11:14 AM, 
wrote: 
Now just to have my visa thing paid. 
And Im still browsing all the options to study. I realized that I need something like weekend-college, be I will 
have to work during week to support myself. And there is n 
n NYC. uff uff. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Saturday, September 28, 2013 5:09 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
i am wiling to help.. what do you need 
On Sat, Sep 28, 2013 at 10:31 A 
> wrote: 
They just sent me invoice for payment. 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 11:58 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <
=> 
wrote: 
very very well, where are you with your visa applicaiton when will you return, are you going to school 
On Fri, Sep 27, 2013 at 4:04 PM, 
Tell me, how r u ? 
wrote: 
On Sep 27, 2013, at 1:02 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is it getting better? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01133111
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or bye-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or bye-mail tojeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133112

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133113.pdf
----------------------------------------
BAR ST MUKAMAL & KLEINER LLP 
PARTNERS 
STEPHEN SINGER 
PHILIP J. KLEINER (NY Er AZ BAR) 
OESORAN J. NOTKIN 
ALEXANDER O. ROJAS (NY & CT BAR) 
!MEE OZOU 
ALEXIS S. AXELRAO 
ELISE L. ►ERKUL (NY & NJ BAR) 
COUNSEL 
ISAAC FROMM (NY & NJ BAR) 
MARTIN L. ROTHSTEIN 
ViasoK6 
Re: 
COUNSELORS AT LAW 
TWO PARK AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NY 10016 
S 
www.BMKLLP.com 
September 266, 2013 
0-1 nun-Immigrant visa petition filing fo 
Legal fee due In the preparation, documentation, submission of and advice on 0- 'petition 
Cable to US Consulate 
Disbursements: 
ASSOCIATES 
CNIN•MING MAO 
ERIC LORENZO (NY S CT BAR) 
SAMUEL D. NEWBOLD (NY S NJ OAR) 
SHOU PING WANG (PRC OAR ONLY) 
USCIS 1-129 Filing Fee.— ..... 
..... —.....—..... ...... ...... ...... ..... ..... ...... 
326.00 
Int, Fed 
...... ..... ........ ...... — .... ...... ..... 
..... 
... 
144.00 
Fed
....... ..... ..... ..... 
Messenger.-- 
... 
..... ----..........—....— ...... .....825.00 
Office services/color 
...... 
....... ..... ......— ....... 
100.00 
Anticipated total._........__... 
........ — .... ....... — ... — ..... 
...... 
..... 
...... 
..... ..... 43,379.00 
A&E/SR 
301 BRIDGE PLAZA NORTH 
PORT LEE, NEW JERSEY 07024 
1136 CANAL STREET 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 10013 
EFTA01133113

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133114.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Grace Reksten Skaugen
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
CC: Terje Reed Larsen 
Subject: VS: use this chart . 
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 10:51:43 +0000 
Attachments: BondQuestionGrace.pdf 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-09-29_at_5.00.17_PM.png 
Dear Jeff, 
I think our friend Terje can now add to this many titles that he deals in bonds.. 
Firstly, thank you so much for having me to your beautiful house and for the ride to the airport! Much appreciated. I have 
to say that I have smiled many times at the thought of the tiger and the dog. Together they are very funny! 
Bonds: 
So thanks to you I now believe that my long standing (probably stupid) question will be answered. 
Ref. your chart below: 
My SIMPLE question is about this scenario: 
I have one million USD and you have one million USD and we both decide to buy a holding of bonds with the 
same rating (for the sake of argument) 
You buy bonds with a higher coupon, holding A 
I buy bonds with a lower coupon, holding B 
At the time of purchase holding A= holding B (USD 1m) 
The question: 
IF the interest rate scenario going forward is pointing UP or DOWN, will those two holdings not have a different value - at 
a given later point in time - depending on the development of interest rates (your chart)? 
So if I am very clever and guess correctly, I will prefer one holding before the other. Or, God forbid, if I KNOW the way 
rates will move.. (Your friend Larry had he gone down the other path?..) But theoretically there is no difference, and 
therefore they have the same price.. 
I think I am probably misunderstanding something here, but I am sure you will clarify it for me. 
Best, Grace 
©
PS 
The enclosed scan is from when I originally posed the question, as a summer student at NYU. Before you extinguish the 
validity of the question, I will in defense, say that my finance professor then did not have an answer. :-/ (Maybe she did 
not really listen?) 
Fm: Terje Rod-Larsen [mailto 
Sendt: 30. september 2013 03:55 
Til: ' 
Emne: Fw: use this chart . 
From: Jeffrey Epstein imailtoleevacationegmail com 
Sent: Sunday, September 29, 2013 05:01 PM 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
EFTA01133114
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: use this chart . 
Bond 
values 
• 
52,000 
$1,768.62 30year bond 
51,500 
51,000 
51,047.62 
1-year bond 
5916.67 
5500 
5502.11 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
Interest 
rates 
Value of a Bond with a 10% Coupon Rate for Different Interest Rates and Maturities 
Time to Maturity 
Interest Rate 
I Year 
Yeats 
5% 
$1,047.62 
$1,768.62 
10% 
1,000.00 
1,000.00 
15% 
956.52 
671.70
20% 
916.67 
502.11 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133115

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133116.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 12:45:40 +0000 
Attachments 
V.doc 
EFTA01133116

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133117.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth < 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacationggmail.com>, 'Ivjet' < 
Cc: 'Jay Massar'
Subject: Open Items 
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 13:01:26 +0000 
Attachments: Squawks_9.30.13.pdf 
Inline-Images: image007.jpg: image008.jpg: image009.jpg 
Good morning Jeffrey and Larry, 
Attached are the open items that I am aware of. Please read through this list and comment as you see fit so that we have 
a comprehensive and complete list that we are all working off of. 
Jeffrey, please call me when you have a moment to discuss cup holders as per Larry's e-mail --Jeffrey wants to discuss 
cup holders for conference table with you,. " 
As per your e-mail, the aircraft will arrive at Islip on Wednesday evening October 2ncl and depart by Sunday October 13th. 
Thank you. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
i
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
EFTA01133117

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133118.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133118

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133119.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bce: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Gregory Brown < 
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 03/09/2014 
Sun, 09 Mar 2014 09:20:39 +0000 
Human_activities_are_changing_the climate Royal Academies of_ Science February_201 
4.docx; The_Clear_Benefits of_a_HIgher_Wige_EdTitorial Boar] lYT_02 9 9_2014.docx; 
Why_Americans_Are_So_Folarized,Education and Evolution_Avi_TuschTnan_Feb._28,2 
014.docx; 
Fixing_Inequality_Won't Hurt_the_Economy_MATTHEW_O'BRIEN The_Atlantic March 
3„2014.docx; Putints Sixongman_Act_Is_A_Sign_Of_Weakness_AgDY_BORONCTITZ-
ethe_New Yorker_03_54_2014.docx; 
Obama_balget_seeks_new_spending new taxes to boost economy„tame_debt_Zachary_ 
Goldfarb TWP 03 04 2014.docx• 
The_two charts_you_need_to_see_to_tmderstand_Obama_Christopheringraham_TWP_03 
20 Ittdocx; 
Putin's_ error_ in_ Ukraine_is_the_kind_that_leads_to_catastrophe_David_Ignatius_TWP_Ma 
rch_2,_2014.docx; 
How the Ukraine crisis_ends_Hemy_Kissinger_TWP_03_06_2014.docx; 
Herbie 1-fancock cio.docx 
Inline-Images: image.png; image(1).png; image(2).png; image(3).png; image(4).png; image(5).png; 
image(6).png; image(7).png; image(8).png; image(9).png; image(10).png 
DEAR FRIEND 
Nye 
I urge everyone two take two minutes to watch this video of Bill Nye (who recently teamed up with 
Bill and Melinda Gates), taking a whack at dispelling the myths surrounding child mortality and 
foreign aid by taking a cursory look at data you can see how and why kids are dying and how to reduce 
and prevent it. The average American perceives that the US spends a lot (25%) on foreign aid when 
the truth is that it only spend .8% (less than a penny out of each dollar) of its budget and much of this 
is either debt relief or military support. The idea that wars, tsunamis, earthquakes and other natural 
disasters kill most of the people is wrong as these numbers pale in comparison to the numbers of 
people who are killed by preventable diseases. 
Bill Nye Gets A Bit Somber But Knocks Out Some World Poverty Myths In 2 Minutes —
Web Link: http://youtu.be/UL4zoo8xijc
For example only 6% of kids five years old or younger die each year from accidents/injuries, whereas 
of kids five years old or younger die every year from non-communicable diseases (cancer or things 
you inherit), while the remaining 83% die each year from communicable preventable diseases. And if 
EFTA01133119
--- PAGE 2 ---
we address this we can change the world. One of the biggest myths is that many people believe that we 
have been giving money to Africa and nothing has improved and things are as bad as they ever were. 
That's a myth, as data shows that child mortality has been cut in half in recent years. Therefore we 
have a real opportunity to dispel these myths and leave the world better than we found it, improving 
the quality of life for people everywhere by aggressively addressing preventable diseases. 
William Sanford "Bill" Nye (born November 27, 1955), popularly known as Bill Nye the Science 
Guy, is an American science educator, comedian, television host, actor, writer, and scientist who 
began his career as a mechanical engineer at Boeing. He is best known as the host of the Disney/PBS 
children's science show Bill Nye the Science Guy (1993-98) and for his many subsequent appearances 
in popular media as a science educator. For more information please feel free to link on 
http://www.upworthy.com/a11-7-billion to read a special Upworthy series about global health and poverty 
sponsored by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. 
Inescapable truths 
THE National Academies of Science (NAS) and the Royal Society — the elite scientific 
fellowships of America and Britain, respectively, respectively — released today a rather handy 
"Frequently Asked Questions" resource on climate change. We know the media doesn't like to 
talk about climate change much, but this latest case of global warming denial has taken things to a new 
level. CNBC's Joe Kernen said last Thursday morning that climate change and higher temperatures 
in January were likely not a result of increased CO2, but rather of something more inexplicable. "It's 
almost like witchcraft," Kernen said. "In the middle ages it was witchcraft. You would have 
attributed adverse weather events to witchcraft." 
Despite data that shows climate scientists are 95 percent sure that humans have caused at least "half of 
the observed increase in global average surface temperatures since the 1950s," Kemen continued to 
deny such a cause-and-effect relationship. Kemen defended a recent claim that "the earth's geologic 
history fundamentally contradicts CO2 climate fears," using the argument that there were warmer 
temperatures and an ice age at a time when CO2 levels were significantly higher than today. "The 
climate is so difficult to figure out," he said. Kernen has criticized climate science publicly before, and 
also used the word "witch" on Twitter in September when referring to the work of climate scientists: 
@gregladen yeeks, rough week for the alarmists. At least no record for hurricanes. Whew! More 
Republican dispatches from "the bubble." And when are these deniers going to learn the difference 
between Weather and Climate Change? 
Global Warming Basics from the U.S. and British Science Academies 
EFTA01133120
--- PAGE 3 ---
0.5°C 
„„ 
-orc 
v 
tvs 
E 2 0.5°C 
0°C 
-0.5°C 
30-year average 
10-year average 
0.5•C 
ro 
t 
g 
-o.sx s3g 
—4 
E.: 
ea 
0.5'C 
- crc 
zi; 
60.year average 
1850 
1900 
1950 
2800 
-0.5°C 
The National Academy of Sciences and its British counterpart, The Royal Society, have 
published "Climate Change: Evidence and Causes," a fresh primer on greenhouse-driven global 
warming that is a useful update on past reports from both organizations. You can find helpful 
summaries of the findings on the National Academy of Sciences website. 
Web Link: hnp://dels.nas.edukesourcesistatic-assets/exec-office•other/climate-change-full.pdf
There's also streaming (and ultimately archived) video of some academy scientists discussing the 
report and a panel discussion run by the talented and relentlessly determined Miles O'Brien, the 
longtime television science reporter who recently wrote a wrenching and inspiring piece on an accident 
that resulted in the amputation of his left arm earlier this month. Also, please feel free to read the 
attached article Human Activities Are Changing the Climate -- by The National Academies. 
****** 
Last week I was in my doctor's waiting room watching Fox News with interest (because I don't watch 
it at home) and was amazed of its Conservative pundits accusing President Obama of being weak on 
EFTA01133121
--- PAGE 4 ---
defense and out to destroy the country's prestige because Secretary Defense Chuck Hagel cutting the 
military budget, closing bases, getting rid of unwanted military hardware and reshaping forces to meet 
the new challenges currently facing the country and into the future. What seemed logical to me, since 
we are more likely to be attached by a terrorist cell trying to pollute our water supply, bomb Times 
Square or ram another American destroyer stationed off the coast of a country in the Middle East then 
a land attack by Russian tanks, jet fighter dogfight with Iranian air force or a nuclear missile from 
North Korea or China. So then why are some much of our military arsenal deployed to contain these 
potential scenarios? 
But what really amused and amazed me was how these same pundits keep insisting that not only 
cutting the military budget is a sign of President Obama's projecting weakness, they openly lament that 
he would learn from their favorite President Ronald Reagan who showed strength to the world through 
his military policies, 'he broke down the wall and ended the Cold War" as one pundit said, "which 
made us safer and the undisputed leader of the Free World." All of this sounds good, if you ignore 
history, which many Republicans and Conservatives do. Television satirist and comedian Jon Steward 
must have seen the same Fox diatribe of how President Reagan's role in helping stabilizing Eastern 
Europe and the Middle East in the '8os, and how President Obama should be ashamed that he isn't 
Reagan because later the same day he did a segment on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show," Jon 
Stewart reminded us that the truth is nowhere close to what they said. 
Jon Stewart Rentituts• Fox That Reagan Created An International Mess 
Web Link: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/02/26/jon-stewart-reagan-obama_n_4858723.html 
Steward reminded us of the residual consequences of some of President Reagan's policies. For 
instance, Reagan aided some Afghan militants in their battle with the Soviets, and those militants 
eventually turned into the Taliban. "But we didn't have to fight those guys for 12 more years, and 
Reagan was simply gone by then." These pundits that under the Reagan Administration, Oliver North 
illegally sold weapons to Iran and then illegally took that money and illegally gave to Nicaraguan death 
squads. Another thing they gloss over — when the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan a group of Afghan 
rebels declared a "holy war." They were known as the Mujanideen and both the Carter and Reagan 
Administration gave the Mujanideen $3 billion aid to fight the Soviets. Republicans conveniently 
forget that it was President Reagan who pulled our US Marines out of Lebanon after the bombing of 
their barracks in Beirut that killed 241 American servicemen on October 23, 1983. And although 
President Reagan called the attack a "despicable act" and pledged to keep a military force in Lebanon, 
yet on April 21, the ready reaction force in Beirut was deactivated and its men were reassigned to their 
respective ships with the last Marines from the 24th MAU, the U.S./U.K. Embassy guard detail, being 
withdrawn from Beirut by late July 1984. And no Republicans called it "cut and run." 
As the world watches a bloody revolution in Ukraine unfold, many pundits (mostly those found on Fox 
News) have been unable to help themselves from pointing out President Ronald Reagan's role in 
helping stabilize that region in the '8os, and how President Obama should be ashamed that he isn't 
Reagan. Or something. Other Republicans and Conservative media view the bloodbath currently going 
on in Syria as some sort of missed opportunity to do regime change, even though none of them can 
identify a creditable successor to Bashar al-Assad with a strong enough following to subdue the current 
factions who see themselves as the rightful leaders, including factions who are so extreme that even al 
Qaeda and Hezbollah have disowned them. There is still a chance that Ukraine can return to civility, 
EFTA01133122
--- PAGE 5 ---
while the universal belief in the Middle East is that Syria is going to be a quagmire of warring 
hostilities for the next foreseeable future, unless the neighboring countries come together to stop the 
chaos and bloodshed. And no matter what Putin, Obama, Cameron, Merkel, Hollande and other 
Western leaders want or try to do, it will take the Syrian people themselves to say enough is enough to 
stop the killing. 
The paradigm for leadership have shifted. It is almost impossible to lead from the top down. The days 
of leaders dictating to the people are over. Consensus trumps power. Gunboat diplomacy is as 
outdated as empires and the Cold War. Still, many conservatives are insisting that we fight the same 
fight even when the opposition is totally different. Our biggest threat today is terrorism, not wars with 
Russia, North Korea, Iran and Cuba. If China really wanted to hurt us, all that they have to do is stop 
buying our T-Bills. And if they really wanted to screw us, dispose the $3 trillion of US debt in a fire-
sale. But then they would be destroying the buying power of their biggest buyer, seriously hurting 
their own economy. One of my father's favorite sayings was that "history is re-written by the 
winners." And no better example of this is, the Reagan mythology. 
Ronald Reagan was a President who raised taxes, doubled the national debt, cut deals with Democrats, 
made nicey-nice with Gorbachev, took afternoon naps, let his wife (who often consulted a physic) fire 
"his" senior staff, cut and ran in Lebanon, and made claims like Chris Cristie in the current "bridge-
gate"scandal, that he knew nothing about the illegal Iran-Contra shenanigans. I have met President 
Reagan several times, and found him truly an affable and charming person. And in spite of what his 
family members claim, I am sure that he was suffering from the effects of early dementia during the 
last years of his Presidency. History has truly been kind to him. And I don't want to criticize or dis his 
reputation, but Republicans have to stop claiming that what they are doing today is something that 
Reagan would do, when the truth is that he wouldn't and didn't. Please check out the full clip above. 
One of my favorite shows on television is HBO's Real Time with Bill Maher whose guest this 
week was Conservative columnist Bill Kristol, Margret Hoover, Austan Goolsbee, Bruce Dem and 
Christopher Leonard. And one of the things that they discussed was the Tea Party which celebrated 
its fifth anniversary this weekend. Bill started out the conversation by noting that their big issues were 
bailouts and too much socialism and that Fannie Mae paid back 109% of the money that they borrowed 
from the government, MG paid back 115%, the bank industry paid back 103% with the auto industry's 
paybacks lagging at 83%, hence essentially the government and taxpayers got all of their money back, 
while saving these industries and preventing much more harm to the economy and the country. When 
Maher suggested that this type of socialism work and asked what would it have been like had they not 
happened, Kristol's immediate response was "no", retorting that most of the bailouts happened under 
President Bush. Kristol continued on to say that the Tea Party was right to condemn these bail outs 
and other policies, as they were a very bad precedent. Kristol then continued to say that the origin of 
EFTA01133123
--- PAGE 6 ---
the Tea Party was not about bailouts and that it was about a mortgage bill and then it was about 
Obamacare and then the stimulus. 
At this point Maher interrupted }Cristo] and said the "big ugly,"that it was about a Black President to 
which Kristol vehemently denied, claiming that the accusation is "total bullshit." Maher responded 
that a month after Obama took office suddenly white people were worried about debt, even though 
President Bush had allow the nation's debt to mushroom during his two terms, with none of the 
intense rancor. Kristol response that there was Conservative upset against Bush, but I don't remember 
any of the intensity to the degree that was lodged against President Obama, even though it was the 
Bush/Cheney's economic policies that created the conditions for the worst recession since the Great 
Depression. By this time, Kristol's denials were so ridiculous that Margret Hoover stepped in 
acknowledging that although debt concerns started out under President Bush and not Obama, and that 
the Tea Part started out as a purely fiscal disciplinary mass movement to rein in Federal Spending, 
which she noted "was a good thing" but it got off the rails after 2010, when it was coopted by Michele 
Bachmann and other birthers in Congress. But this is not truly accurate. 
I am sure that Ms. Hoover is a nice person who truly believes that the Tea Party Movement's origin 
was not in response to racism, but it was.... It seeds began with the Reverend Wright assaults and 
continued through Donald Trump demands that Presidential candidate Barrack Obama show his 
long-form birth certificate (which I am not sure I could get even if offered me a million dollars) 
and then the continued vicious and racist attacks, not to mention that he was somehow a Manchurian 
Candidate Socialist Community Organizer who was going to turn the country into an Islamic state 
with Sharia Laws. Kristol, Hoover and other Republicans have re-created a fictional history that is 
totally bullshit. Joe The Plummer and other Tea Baggers had no interest in the country's deficit 
until it became a rallying cry against a Black President who somehow stole the election and the 
Presidency. And from day-one they have tried everything they can to delegitimize his 
accomplishments and Presidency. Not once over the past five years have I heard leaders of the Tea 
Party acknowledge that Obama Administration's policies, turned around the economic fortunes of the 
country, navigated us out of two wars, kept the country safe and made things better for the country 
than the day that they took office. The truth is that The Tea Party started out as a racist movement 
disguising itself as something else, when in reality it is nothing more than a bunch of white people with 
two or three "Uncle Toms" unable to come to terms that the President of the United States is a cool 
educated Black Man with a beautiful educated wife and an awesome family, who is far more successful 
than his predecessor. 
Just why is American politics so dysfunctional? One answer is that both parties, for different reasons, 
have created self-serving mythologies that reward them for not dealing with pressing problems that, 
though daunting, are hardly sudden or secret. First, immigration. By 2050, immigrants and their 
U.S.-born children are projected to represent 37 percent of the population, slightly higher than in 
1900, when the country last experienced mass immigration. Between now and mid-century, 
immigrants and their children will generate two-thirds of population growth. The question is whether 
newcomers are constructively assimilated or whether — or characterization of popular fears — they 
"take our jobs, drain our resources, threaten our language ... and import crime." Either way, 
America's profile changes. In 1960, 85 percent of Americans were white and 10 percent were black. 
Now, 63 percent are white, 13 percent black, 17 percent Hispanic and 5 percent Asian. In 2050, those 
shares are projected to be 47 percent white, 13 percent black, 28 percent Hispanic and 8 percent Asian. 
EFTA01133124
--- PAGE 7 ---
Second, family breakdown. In 2011, unmarried women accounted for 41 percent of U.S. births, up 
from 5 percent in 1960. The trend affects all major groups. The rate is 29 percent for whites, 53 
percent among Hispanics and 72 percent among African Americans. Although 6o percent of single 
mothers have live-in boyfriends, half of these relationships end within five years. Single parenthood's 
stigma is gone. This may shape the future middle class because growing up in a single-parent home 
puts children at a disadvantage. Social-science research show that children in two-parent homes —
despite millions of exceptions — are "healthier, do better academically, and get into less trouble as 
adolescents." 
Finally, aging. Every day 10,000 baby boomers turn 65. The retiree flood is swamping the federal 
budget. By 2022, Social Security, Medicare and the non-child share of Medicaid will exceed half the 
budget, up from 3o percent in 1990, projects an Urban Institute study. To make room for the elderly, 
defense and many domestic programs are being relentlessly squeezed. There's no generational justice, 
argues Taylor: "The young today are paying taxes to support a level of benefits for the old that they 
themselves have no prospect of receiving when they become old." 
America's future rests heavily on how these mega-trends play out. Democracy works best when the 
political system can mediate between the often-inconsistent demands of public opinion and larger 
national needs. This, America's leaders can't or won't do. Faced with immutable trends, they have not 
adapted to change. Instead, they pander to partisans with soothing, though outdated, stereotypes. 
Nostalgia poses as policy when it is actually a marketing strategy. 
Conservatives say that Liberals won't come to terms with aging. Believing that spending on the elderly 
and near-elderly constitutes the essence of progressivism — and ignoring the affluence of many elderly 
— some liberals even support raising these benefits. And that the pro-government party has become 
an instrument of anti-government policies, because accommodating all the elderly's benefits means 
quietly condoning deep cuts in most other programs. Conservatives say that this brand of liberalism 
discriminates against the young with their economic problems stemming heavily from the Great 
Recession (in 2012, 4o percent of men ages 18 to 31 lived with their parents). But shrinking 
government services and looming tax increases compound the damage. While Conservative pundits 
admit that Conservatives have parallel hang-ups. They can't adapt to the permanence of Big 
Government or the presence of so many immigrants, including an estimated 11 million who are here 
illegally. Even if unworthy government programs are cut, federal spending will easily exceed one-fifth 
of national income, which is more than today's taxes will cover. Higher taxes, contrary to GOP dogma, 
will be needed and illegal immigrants won't conveniently vanish and unless we convene death panels 
younger generations will have to take care of their elders like they do elsewhere in the world. 
EFTA01133125
--- PAGE 8 ---
.ETT: INCREASING EARNED INCOME TAX 
IT WOULD NEW LOWER INCOME WORKERS 
The billionaire investor Warren Buffett told CNBC's Becky Quick Monday morning that the Earned 
Income Tax Credit -- a tax break for low-income Americans aimed at encouraging work -- would 
actually be the most direct way to help America's working poor with fewest negative side effects. '°The 
Earned Income Tax Credit I think is much clearer," Buffett said. "That puts more money in the 
pockets of people earning low wages and that's what. like to see." President Barack Obama urged 
reforming the EITC in his State of the Union address earlier this year. The IRS claims the tax break 
helped lift 6.6 million people out of poverty in 2011, the most recent year for which full data is 
available, according to the Associated Press. Currently the credit does significantly more for families 
with children. Obama's proposal would expand the EITC for workers without kids. 
A July study from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimated that expanding the EITC by 
lowering the age of eligibility for childless workers would lift an additional 300,000 Americans out of 
poverty. Obama has proposed raising the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to WAD an hour as one 
way to life Americans out of poverty. While some research shows that a minimum wage hike would 
boost the economy and eventually create jobs, some argue that a minimum wage hike would 
discourage businesses from hiring workers because of increased payroll costs. Buffett noted in his 
interview with CNBC that "there's tradeoffs on the minimum wage and you can do all these studies 
but they don't know." Changes to the EITC likely wouldn't affect employers' hiring decisions since it 
won't raise wages. Additionally, any expansion of the tax credit would be sure to go only to the 
working poor, while some of the beneficiaries of an increased minimum wage would be teenagers and 
others simply working minimum wage jobs for extra cash. "(The EITC) doesn't distort the market 
system in any great way," Buffett said. 
Very rarely do I disagree with the Oracle of Omaha. Yes studies say that the EITC produces an 
immediate effect but raising the minimum wage is aldn to a rising tide that raises wages for everyone, 
especially those at or near the bottom. The minimum wage especially needs raising when there is talk 
in Washington in both the Executive and Congressional Branches of government about cutting 
entitlements, which are the safety net for the elderly, poor and millions of children. The problem is 
that when benefits are cut and the safety net is eviscerated the elderly, poor and children suffer far 
more than everyone else. Today 15% of America (approximately 5o million Americans) live below the 
poverty line, down from 22% (39.9 million individuals) in the late 50s. Before the mid-1970s, 
economic growth in the United States was associated with falling poverty rates. If that relationship had 
held, poverty would have been eradicated in the 1980s. The decoupling of rising growth and falling 
poverty, however, means that Americans are working longer and harder but becoming poorer and less 
economically secure. 
EFTA01133126
--- PAGE 9 ---
Quick facts 
$22,314: 
In 2010, the poverty threshold was $22,314 for a family of four. 
15.1%: 15.1 percent — just over 46 million Americans — were officially in poverty in 2010. This is an 
increase from 12.5 percent in 2007. 
27.4%: Among racial and ethnic groups, African Americans had the highest poverty rate, 27.4 
percent, followed by Hispanics at 26.6 percent and whites at 9.9 percent. 
45.8%: 45.8 percent of young black children (under age 6) live in poverty, compared to 14.5 percent 
of white children. 
28.0%: In 2011, 28.0 percent of workers earned poverty-level wages ($11.06 or less an hour). 
18-25: Workers earning poverty-level wages are disproportionately female, black, Hispanic, or 
between the ages of 18 and 25. 
1.8x: The United States spends less on social programs (16.2 percent of GDP) than similarly 
developed countries (21.3 percent of GDP), has a relative poverty rate (the share of the population 
living on less than half of median household income) 1.8 times higher than those peer nations, and has 
a child poverty rate more than twice as high. 
Other dimensions of poverty 
33.9%: The official poverty rate is widely accepted as being inadequate in capturing those whose 
earnings make it difficult to make ends meet. To account for this, many cite the "twice poverty" rate, 
which is double the threshold ($44,628 in 2010 for a family of four) and provides a more accurate 
measurement of material deprivation. In 2010, the twice poverty rate was 33.9 percent. 
44.3%: The further below the official poverty line you fall, the more vulnerable you are. Nearly half 
(44.3 percent) of the poor are in deep poverty (living on half or less of the official poverty line; this 
deep-poverty threshold stood at $11,057 in 2010 for a family of four). 
MOVING IN AND OUT OF POVERTY 
Since 1973's historical low of 11.1 percent poverty in the United States, poverty rates generally rise 
during recessions and drop during recoveries. The recovery following the 2001 recession, however, 
saw poverty increase and then further explode during the Great Recession. From 2008 through 2009, 
32.2 percent were in poverty for at least one month, and 52.6 percent were below twice poverty for a 
least one month. In addition, 4.6 percent were in poverty for the entirety of the two-year period, while 
percent were at twice poverty for the entirety. Therefore, the official poverty rate of 15.1 percent 
understates the number of people who experience poverty. 
Income inequality is greatest cause of higher poverty rates 
EFTA01133127
--- PAGE 10 ---
Income inequality is the largest factor contributing to higher poverty rates. Increased numbers of 
minorities and single-mother-headed households are often cited as determinants of higher poverty 
rates, though they are much smaller contributing factors. A study of the 1979 — 2007 period finds: 
5.5: The largest contributor to the overall rise in the poverty rate is income inequality, which 
increased poverty rates by 5.5 percentage points. 
0.9: Changing racial composition accounts for a o.9 percentage-point increase in poverty rates. 
1.4: Family structure (single-mother headed households) accounts for a 1.4 percentage-point 
increase in poverty rates. 
13.8: Increased educational attainment decreased poverty rates 2.7 percentage points, and income 
growth contributed to a 3.8 percentage-point decrease in poverty rates. 
Beyond the above numbers we Americans should understand that it is our duty to protect the most 
vulnerable in society. This is not about wealth redistribution or saddling younger generations with the 
costs of helping their elders. It is just that it is the right thing to do, because there would not be 
anything for future generations to inherit if their elders hadn't left it to them. Almost everywhere else 
on the planet, not only does society take care of children, elders and the infirmed, it is viewed as both a 
responsibility and privilege and for the richest country in the world to not feel the same is a shame and 
a travesty. I realize that this may sound like a non-sequitur, but one has to wonder why why 
Conservatives are so eager to give rich people more money in the form of lower taxes and other 
benefits because it encourages them to work harder and produce more, while at the same time these 
same people believe that cuffing programs/money to the poor people will result in them working 
harder 
 But then isn't this what Mitt Romney was alluding to in his famed 47% gaffe. 
Last Sunday I watch in amazement the Sunday morning network television news shows, as pundit 
after pundit took their best shot to describe the situation in Ukraine and Conservative Republicans 
most notably John McCain and Lindsey Graham blamed President Obama for Vladimir Putin feeling 
dismissive of the U.S. role as the only indisputable super power and sending troops into Ukraine's 
largely Russian-speaking Crimean peninsula, home to the Kremlin's Black Sea fleet. How dare he? 
Monday's Wall Street Journal editorial: "In the brutal were all of global power politics, Ukraine is 
in particular a casualty of Mr. Obama's failure to enforce is "red line" on Syria. When the leader of 
the world's only super power issues a milita►y ultimatum and then blinks, others notice 
The world 
is full of love revisionist powers embed actors looking to exploit the opening created by Mr. Obama's 
retreat from global leadership, Mr. Putin is the leading edge of what could quickly become a New 
World disorder." 
Rep. Mike Rogers, said on Fox News: "I think that Putin is playing chess and we are playing 
marbles." Senator John McCain on Fox News: "This is a blatant act by Vladimir Putin and one that 
must be unacceptable to the world community. Why do we care? Because this is the ultimate result 
of afleckless foreign policy where nobody believes in America stress anymore." "The President of the 
United States believes that the Cold War is over. That's fine and it is over, but Putin doesn't believe 
it's over." 
EFTA01133128
--- PAGE 11 ---
Senator Lindsey Graham on CNN: "Stop going on television and trying to threaten thugs and 
dictators, it is not your strong suit. Every time the president goes on national television and 
threatens Putin or anyone like Putin, everybody's eyes roll including mine. We have a weak and 
indecisive President that invites aggression." 
Rudy Giuliani (chuckling) on Fox News: "Putin decides what he wants to do and he does it in half a 
day. He makes a decision and he executes it quickly, then everybody reacts.... That's what you call a 
leader. President Obama he's gotta think about it, he's gotta go over it again, he's gotta talk to more 
people about it." 
First of all, this is not our fight. Secondly, as Colin Powell warned President Bush, "if you break it you 
own it." Finally, where do these guys get their moral authority? Look at our history. Since I became 
an adult, the United States invaded Viet Nam, Grenada, Panama, Iraq, Afghanistan and Iraq again, in 
this does not include proxy wars in Nicaragua, Angola and elsewhere and coup 
in the Africa, 
Middle East, South East Asia and Central and South America. It is understandable why Putin might 
feel that he had the moral authority to stop insurrection in a neighboring country that could bleed 
elsewhere and where 25% of the people speak Russian. And when you look at it thought his lens, to be 
honest, it was a wise move for him to make. 
But blaming President Obama for not being able to put the fear of God into a dictator who views 
himself as "the" master of the universe, is as ridiculous as Putin looks riding a horse in the Russian 
winter bare-chested. We are a democracy. These same pundits and politicians who accuse the 
President of being weak, are the same pundits and politicians who accuse him of acting like a dictator 
when he threatens executive action or take punitive action against our enemies without their 
consent. Imagine if the President acted as Rudy Giuliani suggested, how do you think Rogers, McCain 
and Graham would react? And Lindsey Graham's nonsense of the U.S. putting nuclear defense sites 
(rockets) in Poland, "creating a democratic noose around Putin's Russia" would garner the same 
escalated anger and outrage from America, if Russia did the same in Cuba — this is wacky, beyond 
dangerous and insane. You have to look at both sides of the coin before making decision, but this is 
not the case from these idiots who would rather shoot first. 
What these same hawkish pundits and politicians forget is that we need Putin to help us deescalate the 
civil war in Syria and pressure Iran to abandon their nuclear ambitions. And backing him into a 
corner in Ukraine is not going to endear him to work with us elsewhere. On Sunday's Meet The 
Press, host David Gregory started out saying that the Ukrainian situation was somehow a leadership 
problem for President Obama "that bad actors take him seriously." Even though I am not a political 
scientist and I can tell you that this is short-sighted. Aside from possibly being the richest person on 
the planet and the undisputed dictator of his country, Putin has the second most powerful military in 
the world. And if he doesn't want insurrection on his border, on-one can stop him. The same is true 
here. If an American President decided to invade Cuba, for any trivial reason, (think Grenada), do you 
think that the Russians could or would try to stop us? Of course NOT.... In this case, what Putin, 
might do is annex one of the former Soviet Republics or maybe a piece of one, such as Crimea as his 
retribution and to save face. 
The United States has to stop seeing itself as the World's police. First of all it is too expensive. And 
secondly, universally people don't like police, until they need hem. And then when you take side, one 
of the unintended consequences is that you often create enemies. Look at Egypt. The army was praised 
by the Egyptian people for overthrowing Mubarak and then Morsi and now many Egyptians see them 
EFTA01133129
--- PAGE 12 ---
as oppressors. I watched NBC News' political director Chuck Todd "Putin acts, Obama warns, Putin 
acts, Obama warns." "And the US should put Russia out of the G8." WHY? Yes the United States 
could try to impose sanctions on Russia and kick them out of the G8, but then Russia would cut off 
natural gas supplies and crude to Western Europe, reeking economic havoc on some of the weaker 
countries. Also, lets remember that one of the big problems in Ukraine is that it is broke and in need of 
money. So if we run down the road of being Ukraine's savior, it comes with a cost. Russia bought off 
Ukraine's President Yanukovych off with US$15 billion and it is estimated the country needs three-
times this much. Do we have to collectively ask ourselves do the taxpayers in the US, UK, France and 
Germany want to shoulder this burden? I don't think so. Don't let our ego have us write a check that 
the American taxpayers won't want to pay. Ukraine is Putin's problem, lets let him solve it. And 
sending tanks in to Crimea is not a lasting solution even for Vladimir Putin. 
President Obama plays the long ball, while McCain, Graham, Cruz and the 24 hour new cycle, reacts to 
every knee jerk, often without considering the full scope and consequences. Right now there is no 
mass genocide in the Ukraine, and the former Ukrainian President who was just released from jail, 
presided over an administration so corrupt, that even her supporters don't want to see her returned to 
power. Therefore, why not let things play out, and then make an assessment. America use to lead by 
example, but after World War 2 it became corrupted by power and and ego and now anything less than 
being a bully is seen as weakness. When I first started drinking alcohol, an older friend gave me sage 
advice, "if you don't know, sip slow, and if you use this same dictum for everything in life you will do 
well." I am glad that we have an intelligent urbane cool President who sips slow. And anytime we can 
use diplomacy over bullying or bullets we win, no matter how long the game goes. 
We have to ask one important question. Has the Republican Party of John McCain and Lindsey 
Graham become the second brothers of American politics? Obama takes a Heritage Foundation 
program on healthcare and its individual mandate what Republicans used to like, but now because 
they have to play the part of the rebellious brother they have to attack. The Democrats control the 
administration which includes the IRS, so Republicans have to attack that too. The Democrats control 
State Department, again little brother has to go on the attack. Then of course this week it is the 
Ukraine. Let's be real, does any party in power or any leader on the planet have the answer for 
Vladimir Putin's behavior? Does that make President Obama and the Democrats a big brother? Using 
this simple analogy, you can see that a lot of what Republicans are doing today is sure partisan robotic 
behavior. Because if the purpose of the opposition is merely to oppose the Republicans have got that 
down perfectly. If it is just the play the role of the second brother, they got a cold and any eight year old 
can play that game. 
If you think this is over the top listen to former Presidential contender and New York Mayor Rudy 
Giuliani who swooned Monday on Fox News, "Putin decides what he wants to do and he does it in 
half a day, right?" and "He decided he had to go to their parliament. He went to their parliament. He 
got permission in 15 minutes." But isn't this the same Putin that Republicans are calling a repugnant 
dictator? Or as E.J. Dionne wrote in response to Giluliani's comments, "Ah, the joys of dictatorship." 
No day is complete without some invocation of Benghazi by Republicans. Thus this tweet from Sen. 
Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) on Tuesday: "It started with Benghazi. When you kill Americans and 
nobody pays a price, you invite this type of aggression." Graham's friends explain this away as his 
effort to ward off a tea party challenge in South Carolina's June primary. Bu t that's the point: 
Republicans indulge in Obama Derangement Syndrome precisely because so many who vote in GOP 
primaries demand it. 
EFTA01133130
--- PAGE 13 ---
Republicans typically reply that Democrats were no softies when it came to George W. Bush. There's 
truth to that, particularly in the final years of his tenure. What they ignore is that Democrats entirely 
shelved partisanship after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. There was little opposition to Bush's decision 
to send troops to Afghanistan and less questioning in advance of the Iraq war than there should have 
been. Moreover, Republicans were utterly unrestrained in casting opposition to Bush's policies as 
disloyalty to the nation. When Nancy Pelosi accused Bush in 2004 of being "incompetent," Tom 
Delay, then the House majority leader, denounced the top House Democrat for being "so caught up in 
the partisan hatred for President Bush that her words are putting American lives at risk." In late 
September 2004, during the presidential campaign, Bush said that his opponent John Kerry's 
statements on Iraq "can embolden an enemy," while Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) predicted that 
terrorists "are going to throw everything they can between now and the election to try and elect 
Kerry." 
Washington usually responds blandly by saying that "both parties do it." But this isn't true, remember 
the days of Tip O'Neal working across the aisle with President Reagan and LBJ working with 
Republican leaders (to the dismay of Southern Democrats) to get the landmark 1964 Civil Rights Act 
passed. What has changed are the politics of Newt Gingrich, Tom Delay and now Ted Cruz, where it 
everything is the other side's fault and compromise is a weakness. Note the consistent thread through 
the GOP attacks: that Democrats — then Kerry, now Obama — are weak and vacillating and give 
comfort to our foes which has led to Assad killing his own people in Syria and Russian troops marching 
into Ukraine. Why is it acceptable for supporters of a party to condemn critics as near-traitors when 
their side is in power and then embrace the right to dissent when the other guys control the White 
House? Freedom is freedom. There's also this. A remarkably broad cross-party consensus has quickly 
coalesced around two propositions: the first that we will not commit U.S. military forces in this crisis, 
but secondly, we should use every realistic form of pressure at our disposal to contain and then reverse 
Putin's assault on Ukraine's sovereignty. Must we pretend to disagree even when we agree? Unless 
one is playing the role of the younger brother. And this is my rant of the week 
WEEK's READINGS 
Human activities are changing the climate 
EFTA01133131
--- PAGE 14 ---
Anomaly (°C) relative to 1961-1990 
FORWARD 
0.6 
0.4 
0.2 
0.0 
-0.2 
-0.4 
-0.6 
Annual average 
NI P\ A 
1850 
1900 
1950 
2000 
Year 
CLIMATE CHANGE EVIDENCE & CAUSES 
Rigorous analysis of all data and lines of evidence shows that most of the observed global warming 
over the past 5o years or so cannot be explained by natural causes and instead requires a significant 
role for the influence of human activities. In order to discern the human influence on climate, 
scientists must consider many natural variations that affect temperature, precipitation, and other 
aspects of climate from local to global scale, on timescales from days to decades and longer. One 
natural variation is the El Niflo Southern Oscillation (ENSO), an irregular alternation between 
warming and cooling (lasting about two to seven years) in the equatorial Pacific Ocean that causes 
significant year-to-year regional and global shifts in temperature and rainfall patterns. Volcanic 
eruptions also alter climate, in part increasing the amount of small (aerosol) particles in the 
stratosphere that reflect or absorb sunlight, leading to a short-term surface cooling lasting typically 
about two to three years. Over hundreds of thousands of years, slow, recurring variations in Earth's 
orbit around the Sun, which alter the distribution of solar energy received by Earth, have been enough 
to trigger the ice age cycles of the past 800,000 years. 
Fingerprinting is a powerful way of studying the causes of climate change. Different influences on 
climate lead to different patterns seen in climate records. This becomes obvious when scientists probe 
beyond changes in the average temperature of the planet and look more closely at geographical and 
temporal patterns of climate change. For example, an increase in the Sun's energy output will lead to a 
very different pattern of temperature change (across Earth's surface and vertically in the atmosphere) 
compared to that induced by an increase in CO2 concentration. Observed atmospheric temperature 
changes show a fingerprint much closer to that of a long-term CO2 increase than to that of a 
fluctuating Sun alone. Scientists routinely test whether purely natural changes in the Sun, volcanic 
activity, or internal climate variability could plausibly explain the patterns of change they have 
observed in many different aspects of the climate system. These analyses have shown that the observed 
climate changes of the past several decades cannot be explained just by natural factors. 
EFTA01133132
--- PAGE 15 ---
Dr. Ralph J. Cicerone 
Sir Paul Nurse 
President, National Academy of Sciences 
President, Royal Society 
HUMAN ACTIVITIES ARE CHANGING THE CLIMATE 
Rigorous analysis of all data and lines of evidence shows that most of the observed global warming 
over the past 50 years or so cannot be explained by natural causes and instead requires a significant 
role for the influence of human activities. 
In order to discern the human influence on climate, scientists must consider many natural variations 
that affect temperature, precipitation, and other aspects of climate from local to global scale, on 
timescales from days to decades and longer. One natural variation is the El Nifio Southern Oscillation 
(ENSO), an irregular alternation between warming and cooling (lasting about two to seven years) in 
the equatorial Pacific Ocean that causes significant year-to-year regional and global shifts in 
temperature and rainfall patterns. Volcanic eruptions also alter climate, in part increasing the amount 
of small (aerosol) particles in the stratosphere that reflect or absorb sunlight, leading to a short-term 
surface cooling lasting typically about two to three years. Over hundreds of thousands of years, slow, 
recurring variations in Earth's orbit around the Sun, which alter the distribution of solar energy 
received by Earth, have been enough to trigger the ice age cycles of the past 800,000 years. 
Fingerprinting is a powerful way of studying the causes of climate change. Different influences on 
climate lead to different patterns seen in climate records. This becomes obvious when scientists probe 
beyond changes in the average temperature of the planet and look more closely at geographical and 
temporal patterns of climate change. For example, an increase in the Sun's energy output will lead to a 
very different pattern of temperature change (across Earth's surface and vertically in the atmosphere) 
compared to that induced by an increase in CO2 concentration. Observed atmospheric temperature 
changes show a fingerprint much closer to that of a long-term C02 increase than to that of a 
fluctuating Sun alone. Scientists routinely test whether purely natural changes in the Sun, volcanic 
activity, or internal climate variability could plausibly explain the patterns of change they have 
observed in many different aspects of the climate system. These analyses have shown that the observed 
climate changes of the past several decades cannot be explained just by natural factors. 
HOW WILL CLIMATE CHANGE IN THE FUTURE? 
Scientists have made major advances in the observations, theory, and modelling of Earth's climate 
system; and these advances have enabled them to project future climate change with increasing 
confidence. Nevertheless, several major issues make it impossible to give precise estimates of how 
global or regional temperature trends will evolve decade by decade into the future. Firstly, we cannot 
predict how much CO2 human activities will emit, as this depends on factors such as how the global 
economy develops and how society's production and consumption of energy changes in the coming 
decades. Secondly, with current understanding of the complexities of how climate feedbacks operate, 
there is a range of possible outcomes, even for a particular scenario of CO2 emissions. Finally, over 
EFTA01133133
--- PAGE 16 ---
timescales of a decade or so, natural variability can modulate the effects of an underlying trend in 
temperature. Taken together, all model projections indicate that Earth will continue to warm 
considerably more over the next few decades to centuries. If there were no technological or policy 
changes to reduce emission trends from their current trajectory, then further warming of 2.6 to 4.8 °C 
(4.7 to 8.6 °F) in addition to that which has already occurred would be expected during the 21st 
century [Figure B5]. Projecting what those ranges will mean for the climate experienced at any 
particular location is a challenging scientific problem, but estimates are continuing to improve as 
regional and local-scale models advance. 
Global average surface temperature change 
6.0  
4.0 
0.0 
-2.0 
2000 
2050 
Historical 
Aggressive emissions reductions 
"Business as usual" emissions 
1950 
2100 
The amount and rate of warming expected for the 21st century depends on the total amount of 
greenhouse gases that humankind emits. Models project the temperature increase for a business-as-
usual emissions scenario (in red) and aggressive emission reductions, falling close to zero 5o years 
from now (in blue). Black is the modelled estimate of past warming. Each solid line represents the 
average of different model runs using the same emissions scenario, and the shaded areas provide a 
measure of the spread (one standard deviation) between the temperature changes projected by the 
different models. All data are relative to a reference period (set to zero) of 1986-2005. 
CONCLUSION 
This document explains that there are well-understood physical mechanisms by which changes in the 
amounts of greenhouse gases cause climate changes. It discusses the evidence that the concentrations 
of these gases in the atmosphere have increased and are still increasing rapidly, that climate change is 
occurring, and that most of the recent change is almost certainly due to emissions of greenhouse gases 
caused by human activities. Further climate change is inevitable; if emissions of greenhouse gases 
continue unabated, future changes will substantially exceed those that have occurred so far. There 
remains a range of estimates of the magnitude and regional expression of future change, but increases 
in the extremes of climate that can adversely affect natural ecosystems and human activities and 
infrastructure are expected. 
EFTA01133134
--- PAGE 17 ---
Citizens and governments can choose among several options (or a mixture of those options) in 
response to this information: they can change their pattern of energy production and usage in order to 
limit emissions of greenhouse gases and hence the magnitude of climate changes; they can wait for 
changes to occur and accept the losses, damage and suffering that arise; they can adapt to actual and 
expected changes as much as possible; or they can seek as yet unproven `geoengineering' solutions to 
counteract some of the climate changes that would otherwise occur. Each of these options has risks, 
attractions and costs, and what is actually done may be a mixture of these different options. Different 
nations and communities will vary in their vulnerability and their capacity to adapt. There is an 
important debate to be had about choices among these options, to decide what is best for each group or 
nation, and most importantly for the global population as a whole. The options have to be discussed at 
a global scale, because in many cases those communities that are most vulnerable control few of the 
emissions, either past or future. Our description of the science of climate change, with both its facts 
and its uncertainties, is offered as a basis to inform that policy debate. 
****** 
The Clear Benefits of a Higher Wage 
By NEW YORK TIMES EDITORIAL BOARD - FEB. 19.2014 
Republicans sputtered with outrage when the Congressional Budget Office said that immigration 
reform would lower the deficit, strengthen Social Security and speed up economic growth. They called 
for the office to be abolished when it dared to point out that tax cuts raise the deficit or when it 
highlighted the benefits of health care reform. But now that the budget office has predicted (and 
exaggerated) the possibility that an increase in the minimum wage might result in a loss of jobs, 
Republicans think it's gospel. 
"This report confirms what we've long known," said a spokesman for the House speaker, John 
Boehner. "While helping some, mandating higher wages has real costs, including fewer people 
working." 
What Republicans fail to mention is that Tuesday's report from the budget office, a federal nonpartisan 
agency, was almost entirely positive about the benefits of raising the minimum wage to $10.10 by 
2016, as President Obama and Congressional Democrats have proposed. 
More than 16 million low-wage workers, now making as little as $7.25 an hour, would directly benefit 
from the increase, the report said. Another eight million workers making slightly more than the 
minimum would probably also get raises, because of the upward "ripple effect" of an increase. That 
would add $31 billion to the paychecks of families ranging from poverty level to the middle class, 
significantly increasing their spending power and raising the nation's economic output and overall 
income. 
In fact, the report said, 900,000 people would be lifted from poverty with a wage increase. The income 
of those below the poverty line would increase by a total of $5 billion, or 3 percent, at no cost to the 
federal budget. 
EFTA01133135
--- PAGE 18 ---
The vast majority of those getting raises would not be teenagers with part-time jobs. Nearly 90 percent 
of them are adults 20 and older, and 53 percent of them work full time. Women represent 56 percent 
of them. But the report said there could be a cost to the wage increase, and most of the headlines have 
focused on the possible loss of 500,000 jobs, or about 0.3 percent of total employment. That bears 
further scrutiny, because, unlike the benefits, the employment estimates have been disputed by a wide 
variety of nonpartisan economic studies. 
What the report actually says is that there is a two-thirds chance that a $10.10 wage would produce job 
losses in a range from just above zero to one million. The number 500,000 was simply picked as a 
midpoint. (There is a one-third chance the wage increase would lead to more than a million job losses 
or actually increase employment.) A range that big is essentially the budget office's way of saying it 
doesn't really know what would happen to employment if the wage goes up, because, as the report 
says, there is vast uncertainty about how much wages will go up on their own over the next three years, 
and uncertainty about how employers would react to a higher minimum. 
The budget office didn't do its own research on those variables. It surveyed the economic literature on 
the subject, and chose a figure more conservative than the most recent and rigorous studies have 
found. That means the job-loss figure needs to regarded skeptically, as a careful reading of the report 
shows, while the benefits are undisputed. 
Those benefits to millions of low-wage workers overwhelmingly outweigh the questionable possibility 
of job losses. Lawmakers who focus only on the potential downside of an enormously beneficial policy 
change are the same ones who never wanted to do it in the first place. 
One of the biggest problems and challenges in the United States is the growing economic inequality 
between the Top i% and the 99%. And this distinction is not unique to America as almost half of the 
world's wealth is now owned by less than i% of the population according to a recent article in Forbes 
Magazine - The 85 Richest People In The World Have As Much Wealth As The 3.5 
Billion Poorest by Laura Shin. Conservatives tend to attack any programs that are targeted to 
address wealth inequity, as redistribution that will hamper growth, without acknowledging that the 
game is rigged in favor of the wealthy, not only here in the US but everywhere on the planet. But what 
we do know is that when economic inequality persists beyond a tipping point, society will make its own 
correction. Think: Marie Antonette, the Bolshevik Revolution, overthrow of the Shah of Iran, 
Muammar Gaddafi and Aisin-Gioro Puyi, better known at The Last Emperor of China to mention just 
a few examples. 
The idea that inequality is a choice, that there is a trade-off between equality and efficiency and that 
taxing the rich to give to the poor will slow the economy down because rich and poor alike will have 
less incentive to work 
 is poppycock. More and more economists now believe that redistribution 
might actually increase growth, at least within limits. That's the conclusion of a new paper from the 
International Monetary Fund (IMF) that looks at how inequality and redistribution affect how 
much and how long the economy grows. The trick is isolating how much redistribution helps growth 
by reducing inequality, and how much it hurts growth by reducing work incentives. But the 
researchers were able to do this by looking at Frederick Solt's data on country's inequality before and 
after taxes-and-transfers, and then running a few tests. Here are the big takeaways. (Note: The Gini 
index measures the income distribution on a scale from o, where there's perfect equality, to 100, 
where there's perfect inequality). 
EFTA01133136
--- PAGE 19 ---
1. If two countries have the same amount of redistribution, the one with more inequality will tend to 
grow less. Specifically, moving from the Both to the 6oth percentiles for inequality will knock 0.5 
percentage points off of per capita growth a year. 
2. If two countries have the same amount of inequality, the one with more redistribution will not tend 
to grow any less — at least not in a statistically significant way. 
3. But this doesn't tell us the whole story about redistribution and growth. That's because 
redistribution doesn't keep inequality constant; it reduces inequality. So what we really want to do is 
add these two together, to see the combined effects of less inequality and more redistribution on 
growth. Since the former helps growth and the latter doesn't hurt it that means that redistribution 
overall tends to increase growth. 
4. How long an economy grows, though, can be more important than how much it does. As the 
researchers point out, growth isn't some linear process. It comes in fits and starts, and it can be hard 
to restart after a fit. The question then is what inequality and redistribution do to how long a "growth 
spell" lasts. The answer: pretty much the same thing they do to how much growth there is. 
5. The more inequality there is, the greater the chance that a growth spell will end the next year. The 
researchers found that every point the Gini index goes up makes growth six percent more likely to stop 
soon. 
6. Redistribution has a more complicated relationship with growth spells. It doesn't affect how long 
the economy grows when it's low. But it does make the economy less likely to keep growing when it's 
high, in the top 25 percent. You can see just how high is high in the blue dots below. The countries 
with the most post-tax equality — and redistribution—tend to be the most unequal pre-tax. In other 
words inequality is always and everywhere a political phenomenon. It's a choice. 
7. But, as I said before, it's a choice we don't have to make. Redistribution overall helps, and at least 
doesn't harm, growth spells. That's because the positive effects of less inequality add to or offset the 
negligible, or negative, effects of redistribution itself. When redistribution is in the bottom 75 percent, 
these positive effects are the only ones, and growth lasts longer. And when redistribution is in the top 
percent, these positive effects make up for the negative ones from taxing-and-transferring so much 
—it's a statistically insignificant wash. 
Prior to the opening of the World Economic Forum this year in Davos, Switzerland, Oxfam 
International has released a new report called, "Working for the Few,"that contains some 
startling statistics on what it calls the "growing tide of inequality." 
The report states: 
• Almost half of the world's wealth is now owned by just one percent of the population. 
• The wealth of the one percent richest people in the world amounts to $no trillion. That's 65 
times the total wealth of the bottom half of the world's population. 
• The bottom half of the world's population owns the same as the richest % people in the world. 
• Seven out of ten people live in countries where economic inequality has increased in the last 30 
years. 
• The richest one percent increased their share of income in 24 out of 26 countries for which we 
have data between 1980 and 2012. 
EFTA01133137
--- PAGE 20 ---
• In the US, the wealthiest one percent captured 95 percent of post-financial crisis growth since 
2009, while the bottom 90 percent became poorer. 
Asserting that some economic inequality is necessary to foster growth, it also warns that extreme levels 
of wealth concentration "threaten to exclude hundreds of millions of people from realizing the benefits 
of their talents and hard work." 
giTables From Oxfam's 'Working For The Few' Report 
Oxfam also conducted polls in six countries — Spain, Brazil, India, South Africa, the U.K. and the U.S. 
— showing that a majority of people believe "laws are skewed in favor of the rich" in areas ranging 
from financial deregulation, tax laws favoring the wealthy and facilitation tax evasion, austerity 
economics, policies that disproportionately harm women, and oil and mineral revenues. The report 
states that the trend can be reversed, as it has at other times in history, such as in the U.S. and Europe 
after World War II and in Latin America in the last decade. 
So countries that spread the wealth around more seem to grow more and grow longer than countries 
that don't. As for you Conservatives who would like to go back to good old days when the United 
States economic engine was the envy of the world, remember that we had the G.I. Bill, the Federal-Aid 
Highway Act of 1956 and a top tax bracket of 90%, creating a new educated workforce, state of the art 
infrastructure that opened the Western United States and the larget middle class in the history of the 
world that became the driving engine for this miracle. And again as I always say, it is the right thing to 
do.... 
World's most expensive city is 
_Inline image 
(CNN) -- Move over Tokyo. 
Web Link: httplAvww.cnn.com/2014/03/04/travelimost-expensivecitiesiindex.html?hpt=hp c3 
Singapore has dethroned the Japanese capital to become the world's most expensive city in 2014, 
according to the Economist Intelligence Unit's latest Worldwide Cost of Living survey. 
The bi-annual report, which ranks 131 global cities, credits currency appreciation, solid price inflation 
and high costs of living for Singapore's dubious new distinction. 
"Car costs have very high related certificate of entitlement fees attached to them, which makes 
Singapore significantly more expensive than any other location when it comes to running a car," says 
the report. "As a result, transport costs in Singapore are almost three times higher than in New York. 
In addition, as a city-state with very few natural resources to speak of, Singapore is reliant on other 
EFTA01133138
--- PAGE 21 ---
countries for energy and water supplies, making it the third most expensive destination for utility 
costs." 
Singapore is also the priciest place in the world to buy clothes. Last year's title holder Tokyo, dropped 
from the top spot to sixth -- tied with Melbourne, Geneva and Caracas. Tokyo's decline is due to the 
weaker yen, says the EIU. 
World's 10 most expensive cities to live in 2014 
1. Singapore 
2. Paris 
3. Oslo, Norway 
4. Zurich, Switzerland 
5. Sydney 
6. Caracas, Venezuela 
6. Geneva, Switzerland 
6. Melbourne 
6. Tokyo 
7. Copenhagen, Denmark 
Asia also has the world's cheapest city on the list. 
Down at the other end of the 131-city survey, the EIU lists Mumbai as the world's least expensive city 
to live in. The Indian capital, New Delhi, is third cheapest. 
"Although India has been tipped for future growth, much of this is driven by its large population and 
the untapped potential within the economy," says the EIU. 
"Income inequality means that low wages proliferate, driving down household spending and creating 
many tiers of pricing that keep per capita spending low. 
'This, combined with a cheap and plentiful supply of goods into cities, as well as government subsidies 
on some products, has kept prices down, especially by Western standards." 
World's 10 least expensive cities to live in 204 
122. Riyadh, Saudi Arabia 
EFTA01133139
--- PAGE 22 ---
123. Jeddah, Saudi Arabia 
124. Panama City, Panama 
124. Bucharest, Romania 
126. Algiers, Algeria 
127. Damascus, Syria 
127. Kathmandu, Nepal 
129. New Delhi 
130. Karachi, Pakistan 
131. Mumbai, India 
The Worldwide Cost of Living survey is released twice a year by the EIU. For additional see the web 
link above. 
It compares more than 400 individual prices across 16o products and services in 131 cities, including 
food, drink, clothing, household supplies and personal care items, home rents, transport, utility bills, 
private schools, domestic help and recreational costs. In total, more than 50,000 individual prices are 
collected in each survey. "The cost-of-living index uses an identical set of weights that is 
internationally based and not geared toward the spending pattern of any specific nationality," says the 
EIU. "Items are individually weighted across a range of categories and a comparative index is 
produced using the relative difference by weighted item." 
The unfolding crisis in Ukraine is a disaster — for the people of Ukraine, for Europe and the US and for 
a huge number of businesses with interests in Ukraine and Russia. 
EFTA01133140
--- PAGE 23 ---
The one clear winner from this, certainly in his eyes, is Vladimir Putin. He appears to have calculated 
that because the West has made it clear that it will not retaliate militarily, he has a free hand. In his 
winner-takes-all view of the world, if the West is at a disadvantage, then he must be winning. 
Yet in behaving like a school bully who befriends you and then refuses to let you have any other 
friends, he could, ultimately, be the biggest loser of all. His concerted effort in November last year to 
prise Ukraine away from a deal that would bring closer co-operation with the European Union, which 
was the trigger for the protests that eventually drove Viktor Yanukovich from office, always looked 
misguided. 
In his quest to revive a Soviet-era sphere of influence, rather than allow Ukraine to become a stronger 
economic partner by signing up to a deal with the EU that would have brought reform, finance, 
stronger governance and access to the world's biggest market, he effectively paid $15 billion for a 
dysfunctional economy run by a crook that has just provided a textbook example of how people power 
can force an autocratic leader from power. 
With a government accused of abusing the rule of law, an economy dominated by oligarchs and a 
populace fed up with rampant corruption, Ukraine holds up an uncomfortable mirror to Russia. 
However much Russian media spins the story, in the social media age they no longer have a monopoly 
on the news and the lessons of the Maidan are unlikely to be lost on opponents of Putin in Russia. 
And indeed, the knock-on effects have already started. The rouble has fallen to an all-time low, share 
prices have plummeted and the central bank has had to raise interest rates. There are reports that 
Russians desperate to buy dollars and euros are struggling to find any — hardly a vote of confidence in 
Putin's strategy. 
Meanwhile, keeping Ukraine economically weak and disrupting its efforts to foster closer ties with 
Europe will also backfire because that weakness will have knock-on effects with the country Ukraine's 
economy is most integrated with — Russia. 
It might look as if Russia holds all the cards in its relations with Europe because of the huge amount of 
gas that it exports to the region — almost a third of Russian gas flows west. Yet it needs European 
demand as much as, if not more than, Europe needs Russian supplies. The Russian economy needs 
urgently to diversify and become less reliant on its energy supplies. But investors have become 
increasingly wary of investing in Russia in recent years because of the capricious nature of the Putin 
regime. The events in Crimea have swept away the last vestiges of trust — and yet Russia is not a self-
sufficient monolith like the Soviet Union was. It is part of the global economy now and the market's 
reaction has consequences. 
And this gives a clue as to how the West can respond to Russia's provocation. So far, Ukraine's 
government has acted with admirable restraint and the West has ruled out military action. It doesn't 
need to take military action. Time is on the side of Europe and the US, particularly if they stand firm in 
stating that Russia's actions are unacceptable, take steps to isolate Russia diplomatically through 
measures such as abandoning the G8 and start to target the assets and movement of prominent 
EFTA01133141
--- PAGE 24 ---
Russians associated with Putin. For a man who is looking for some respect, this stuff matters — and 
events in Kiev have shown that losing the support of the oligarchs leaves a leader looking very 
vulnerable. 
As it ratchets up the pressure, another short-term measure the US could take is to allow its booming 
shale gas industry to start exporting gas to Europe, providing an alternative to Russian gas. 
In the longer term, the obvious lesson for the EU is that it should step up its campaign to increase its 
energy efficiency and renewable energy capacity, further reducing its dependence on Russian assets. It 
can also look forward to other sources of gas such as Australia coming on stream over the next few 
years and may even see Iran return to the world market if nuclear talks progress well. In addition, it 
has its own shale gas resources that it could develop more enthusiastically than it currently is. 
Russia continues, at the moment, to insist that Yanukovich was overthrown in an illegitimate coup, but 
the growing evidence of his massive corruption — the man had his own private zoo, for heaven's sake —
makes his return untenable and Russia's continued support for him highly questionable. The key 
point, though, is that the decision is the Ukrainian people's to make, not Putin's. 
The Russian leader's zero-sum view of the Ukraine situation is wrong. Just as escalating the situation 
will mean that everyone loses, including him, allowing the people of Ukraine to decide their own future 
and making the country more economically sound, less corrupt and more integrated with its 
neighbours to both the East and the West would be a good thing for everyone — Ukraine, Russia and 
the West. Putin's provocative actions are meant to be a show of strength — but this strongman act is 
really a sign of weakness. Putin is digging a hole, why not let him keep digging -- as I say time and 
again, this is not our problem so lets not let the Necons on this side of the pond goat us into another 
expensive unnecessary misadventure. 
On Tuesday President Obama unveiled an ambitious $3.9 trillion budget blueprint that seeks billions 
of dollars in fresh spending to boost economic growth but also pledges to tame the national debt by 
raising taxes on the wealthy, slashing payments to health providers and overhauling the nation's 
immigration laws. The request sent to Congress for the 2015 fiscal year offers a smorgasbord of liberal 
policy ideas at a time when riling up the Democratic base and drawing a vivid contrast with 
Republicans are critical to Obama's hopes of preserving his party's imperiled majority in the Senate. 
His blueprint includes some targeted spending cuts, but relies primarily on more than $1 trillion in 
new taxes to slow borrowing over the next decade — with much of the burden falling on major 
businesses and the wealthy. While some of the proceeds would go toward deficit reduction, Obama 
also calls for more than $55 billion in new spending on defense, roads and bridges, universal preschool 
education and expanded tax credits for the poor. Republicans immediately dismissed President 
Barack Obama's new budget as nothing more than a Democratic manifesto for this fall's congressional 
campaigns. 
EFTA01133142
--- PAGE 25 ---
In billions of dollars 
Decrease from 2014 
Change from 2014 
*10% 
Increase from 2014 
State and 
other 
international 
programs 
$42.6 
Housing 
and Urban 
532.6 
Development 
Health 8. 
Human 
Services 
$73.7 
Homeland 
Security 
$38.2 
National Aeraiaubcs $17.5 
& Space Adninistraticri 
Environments 
Protection Agency $7.9 
$22.2 
Agriculture 
$12.4 
Treasury 
Defense 
$495.6 
$16.7 
Justice 
$11.8 
$4.5 
Labor 
General Services 
Small Baseless 
Corps of 
Administration $0.2 
Adrrmistration $0.7 
Engineers 
Education 
e
r  
Affairs 
$68.6 
Veterans 
■ $65.3 
• 
ent National Selena 
Foundation 
O
Transpottabon 
Social Security 
$8.8 Commerce 
AdminnUatiOn 
Otherlunchanged 
$1.1 
2015 Opportunity. 
Corporation 
$55.4 
Growth, and 
fp National & 
Security Initiative Community Semi:, 
$11.5 Interior 
$19.2 
Other 
Agencies 
To achieve Obama's agenda, however, Congress would have to approve his ideas -- an unlikely 
prospect in an election year. While the budget opens the door to a few potential areas of bipartisan 
agreement - including an overhaul of business taxes that would generate cash for infrastructure — it 
retreats from other compromises. For example, Obama does not propose using a less-generous 
measure of inflation to calculate Social Security benefits, a move that would significantly slow 
spending growth in the program. Obama included the proposal, known as the chained consumer price 
index, in last year's budget in a failed bid to strike a grand bargain on the debt with Republicans. "Our 
budget is about choices, it's about our values," Obama said during an appearance at Powell Elementary 
School in the District. "As a country we've got to make a decision if we're going to protect tax breaks 
for the wealthiest Americans or if we're going to make smart investments necessary to create jobs and 
grow our economy, and expand opportunity for every American." 
Republicans quickly rejected the president's choices, however, complaining that his request would bust 
the caps on agency budgets that he and congressional Democrats had agreed to set in a compromise 
enacted barely three months ago. House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) derided the request as "a 
clear sign this president has given up on any efforts to address our serious fiscal challenges that are 
undermining the future of our kids and grandkids." "After years of fiscal and economic 
mismanagement, the president has offered perhaps his most irresponsible budget yet," Boehner said 
in a statement. "Despite signing last year's bipartisan budget deal — and touting it as an 
accomplishment — the president now proposes violating that agreement with a spending surge. 
What's more, he proposes raising even more taxes — not to reduce the deficit but to spend more 
taxpayer money." Added House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.): "This budget isn't 
a serious document; it's a campaign brochure." 
In his message to Congress, Obama argues that his policies have the deficit well in hand -- and would 
improve the nation's fiscal outlook in the years to come. His request proposes to reduce borrowing by 
an additional $1.4 trillion by 2024, building on $4 trillion in deficit-reduction enacted by Congress 
since the budget wars began three years ago. As a result, the White House projects a deficit of $564 
billion in 2015, or 3.1 percent of the economy, down from $649 billion this year and 3.1 percent of 
GDP. By 2024, Obama projects a deficit of just $434 billion, or 1.6 percent of the overall economy, the 
EFTA01133143
--- PAGE 26 ---
smallest deficit since 2007, before the Great Recession dealt a terrible blow to government finances. A 
shrinking deficit would reduce borrowing, thereby allowing the overall debt to grow more slowly. The 
White House estimates that the debt would shrink to 69 percent of the economy by 2024, compared to 
74.4 percent today. 
Those projections are far rosier than those made recently by the non-partisan Congressional Budget 
Office. Under current law, the CBO forecasts that the deficit will rise to 4 percent of GDP in 2024 and 
that the debt will grow to 79 percent of GDP. The Obama budget would build on a spending deal 
reached late last year between Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.), the chairs of 
their respective chamber's budget committees. Under the deal, which largely replaces the deep 
domestic and defense cuts known as sequestration for two years, agency spending levels are set 
through September 2015. In his budget, Obama argues that the deal provides insufficient spending; he 
proposes $56 billion in additional funding to agencies, offset by $28 billion in alternative spending 
cuts and tax hikes. 
The new spending, known as an Opportunity, Growth and Security Initiative, will pump money into 
preschool programs, the National Institutes of Health, manufacturing institutes, climate research, job 
training and a new parental leave proposal, among other benefits for the middle class. Obama would 
also expand a tax credit for poor, working-class Americans valued at $6o billion over 10 years. To pay 
for those initiatives, the president takes aim at a variety of tax breaks that benefit the wealthy —
limiting the value of retirement savings accounts, a loophole known as "carried interest" that allows 
many private equity and hedge fund managers to reduce their tax burden, among others. Reprising 
one tax proposal from last year that also hits middle class and lower income Americans, Obama 
proposes a new tax on tobacco to pay for the early-childhood initiative. 
After 2015, Obama proposes to replace the remainder of sequestration with a combination of tax hikes 
as well as cuts in other mandatory spending programs, such as Medicare. Obama would seek, for 
example, to raise premiums for wealthy seniors and force drug companies to offer larger discounts on 
prescription drugs. Like the CBO, the Obama administration does not paint an overly optimistic 
picture of economic growth over the next decade, with an average inflation-adjusted growth rate of just 
2.6 percent per year over the next 10 years. Rather, the president sees a rosier budget picture due 
primarily to his proposal to increase tax revenue. In 2024, Obama projects collecting about $500 
billion more in taxes than would be the case under current law. 
EFTA01133144
--- PAGE 27 ---
Obama budget sees higher revenue, lower spending than CBO 
Revenues and spending as % of GDP, 2013-2024 (projected) 
CBO SPENDING PROJECTION (CURRENT LAW) 
OBAMA SPENDING PROJECTION 
OBAMA REVENUE PROJECTION 
CBO REVENUE PROJECTION (CURRENT LAW) 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
SOURCE: White House 2015 budget CBO. GRAPH IC: The Washington Post. Published March 4, 2014 
The Republicans immediately denounced the President's budget as dead on arrival. But why? First of 
all for the Conservatives who claim to want to cut the deficit, the President's budget is a serious 
blueprint to accomplish this goal. And yes it does so by raising taxes on the wealthy, but every serious 
economist will tell you that there is no way to erase the deficit without raising taxes — thirty plus years 
of supply-side economics have shown us that we can't grow out of the country's deficit dilemma by 
austerity alone. I can understand where Republicans and some Democrats could have concerns about 
some of the cuts and spending, because I do. But one of the largest concerns in the country, if not the 
#1 is jobs, the $55 billion is far too little, especially since some of this will go towards military 
spending. There are serious challenges facing America that we can solve, especially with $3.9 trillion. 
But this will require a reassignment of priorities. And yes it will require additional taxes. 
We have to start repairing the country's crumbling infrastructure. It is our moral responsibility to 
provide social programs that protect and help our children, elderly and the poor. And we could cut the 
defense budget by $200 billion and not sacrifice one iota of safety because we have failed as a 
democracy if we are fighting wars on two fronts. Yes Putin maybe a knucklehead but guess what, he 
has no ambition to attack the US. And neither does, North Korea, Iran or China. Our biggest threats 
today come from small terrorist cells, who want to throw shoes at us to establish their street creds in 
their local neighborhoods. Even el Qaeda doesn't want to invade or overthrow the US. So why do we 
maintain eleven aircraft carriers, that can be destroyed by a $200,000 drone? I am not saying that the 
President Obama budget addresses everything but at least it is a serious start that should be received 
as a blueprint for compromise. 
EFTA01133145
--- PAGE 28 ---
****** 
The two charts you need to see to understand Obama's new budget 
President Obama is just out with his newest budget request — which forecasts a dramatic reduction in 
deficits over the coming decade. The request paints a much rosier debt scenario than a report released 
by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office a month ago. In his budget request, Obama projects 
public debt as a percentage of gross domestic project falling to 69 percent by 2024, while the CBO has 
it rising to 79 percent — a difference of to percentage points, or roughly $2.7 trillion. 
Obama proposes policies to shrink deficit compared to current law 
Debt as % of GDR 2013-2024 (projected) 
CBO DEBT PROJECTION (CURRENT LAW) 
OBAMA DEBT PROJECTION 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
SOURCE: White House 2015 budget, CBO. GRAPHIC: The Washington Post. Published March 4, 2014 
This is largely because Obama assumes the passage of legislation that the CBO doesn't, and he assumes 
those laws will generate far more revenue over the next decade. In 2024, the spending/revenue gap 
(i.e., the annual deficit) in Obama's budget amounts to 1.6 percent of GDP. CBO's projected deficit is 
more than twice that, at 4 percent of GDP. The difference lies largely on the revenue side — Obama 
assumes hearty revenue increases coming from the elimination of tax breaks benefiting the wealthy. 
EFTA01133146
--- PAGE 29 ---
Obama budget sees higher revenue, lower spending than CBO 
Revenues and spending as % of GDP, 2013-2024 (projected) 
CBO SPENDING PROJECTION (CURRENT LAW) 
OBAMA SPENDING PROJECTION 
OBAMA REVENUE PROJECTION 
CBO REVENUE PROJECTION (CURRENT LAW) 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
SOURCE: White House 2015 budget CBO. GRAPH IC: The Washington Post. Published March 4, 2014 
Of course, these revenue increases assume a compliant Congress that works with the White House to 
pass major new legislation in the coming years. And the likelihood of that particular scenario is almost 
zero. 
As columnist David Ignatius wrote in his article — Putin's error in Ukraine is the kind that 
leads to catastrophe — this week in The Washington Post. Napoleon is said to have cautioned 
during an 1805 battle: "When the enemy is making a false movement we must take good care not to 
interrupt him." The citation is also sometimes rendered as "Never interrupt your enemy when he is 
making a mistake." Whatever the precise wording, the admonition is a useful starting point for 
thinking about the Ukraine situation. Vladimir Putin has made a mistake invading Crimea, escalating 
a crisis for Russia that has been brewing for many months. It might have been beneficial if President 
Obama could have dissuaded him from this error. But Putin's move into Crimea appeared to spring 
from a deeper misjudgment about the reversibility of the process that led to the breakup of Soviet 
Union in 1991. As David Remnick wrote last week in The New Yorker, Putin regards the fall of the 
Soviet Union as a "tragic error," and the Olympics celebrated his vision that a strong Russia is back. 
That attitude led Putin to what Secretary of State John Kerry described on Sunday as a "brazen act of 
aggression" and a "violation of international obligations." The further Russia wades into this 
revanchist strategy, the worse its troubles will become. 
Also we should not confuse Putin's nostalgic notion of re-assembling the Soviet empire with the wishes 
of the Russian people who overwhelming oppose intervention in Ukraine according to the state-run 
Russian Public Opinion Research Center found last month, that 93 percent of Russians are 
EFTA01133147
--- PAGE 30 ---
against it. Putin could benefit from learning some Russian history. "Small victorious wars" - the 
phrase coined by czarist interior minister Vyacheslav Plehve with regard to Russia's war on Japan in 
the early 20th century — have tended not to end well for their instigators. The Crimean War in the 
19th century demonstrated the economic and technological backwardness of the autocratic system and 
showed the need for political, social, judicial, military and economic reforms, including the abolition of 
serfdom and the establishment of elected local self-government and trial by jury. The Russo-Japanese 
war, contrary to Plehve's intent, led to the first Russian revolution and forced the regime to grant a 
parliament and recognize political and civil liberties. World War I contributed to the collapse of the 
czarist system. The Afghanistan invasion precipitated the disintegration of the Soviet dictatorship. 
Putin may yet regret the day he decided to send troops into Ukraine. 
Putin's Russia may well make more mistakes: We may see a cascading chain of error that brings 
Russian troops deeper into Ukraine and sets the stage for civil war. Those are the kind of 
miscalculations that lead to catastrophic consequences, and Obama would be wise to seek to deter 
Russian aggression without specifying too clearly what the U.S. ladder of escalation might be. But 
Americans and Europeans should agree that this is a story about Putin's violation of the international 
order. Yes we could interrupt Russia's mistakes, but so far Putin insists on doing the wrong thing. So 
why not allow him to keep digging. Kerry called on Putin to "undo this act of invasion." The Russian 
leader would save himself immense grief by following Kerry's advice, but that seems unlikely. His 
mistake in Sevastopol may lead to others elsewhere, though hopefully Putin will avoid reckless actions. 
But the more Putin seeks to assert Russia's strength, he will actually underline its weakness. 
Intervention in most instances is a mistake and Putin sending Russian troops into Crimea may be his 
biggest. There are many valid criticisms to be made of Obama's foreign policy, especially in Syria, but 
the notion that Putin's attack is somehow the United States' fault is perverse. 
****** 
How the Ukraine crisis ends 
By Henry A. Kissinger: March 5.2014 
Henry A. Kissinger was secretary of state from 1973 to 1977. 
Public discussion on Ukraine is all about confrontation. But do we know where we are going? In my 
life, I have seen four wars begun with great enthusiasm and public support, all of which we did not 
know how to end and from three of which we withdrew unilaterally. The test of policy is how it ends, 
not how it begins. Far too often the Ukrainian issue is posed as a showdown: whether Ukraine joins 
the East or the West. But if Ukraine is to survive and thrive, it must not be either side's outpost against 
the other — it should function as a bridge between them. Russia must accept that to try to force 
Ukraine into a satellite status, and thereby move Russia's bothers again, would doom Moscow to 
repeat its history of self-fulfilling cycles of reciprocal pressures with Europe and the United States. 
The West must understand that, to Russia, Ukraine can never be just a foreign country. Russian 
history began in what was called Kievan-Rus. The Russian religion spread from there. Ukraine has 
been part of Russia for centuries, and their histories were intertwined before then. Some of the most 
important battles for Russian freedom, starting with the Battle of Poltava in 1709 , were fought on 
Ukrainian soil. The Black Sea Fleet — Russia's means of projecting power in the Mediterranean — is 
EFTA01133148
--- PAGE 31 ---
based by long-term lease in Sevastopol, in Crimea. Even such famed dissidents as Aleksandr 
Solzhenitsyn and Joseph Brodsky insisted that Ukraine was an integral part of Russian history and, 
indeed, of Russia. 
The European Union must recognize that its bureaucratic dilatoriness and subordination of the 
strategic element to domestic politics in negotiating Ukraine's relationship to Europe contributed to 
turning a negotiation into a crisis. Foreign policy is the art of establishing priorities. The Ukrainians 
are the decisive element. They live in a country with a complex history and a polyglot composition. The 
Western part was incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1939 , when Stalin and Hitler divided up the 
spoils. Crimea, 6o percent of whose population is Russian , became part of Ukraine only in 1954 , when 
Nikita Khrushchev, a Ukrainian by birth, awarded it as part of the 3ooth-year celebration of a Russian 
agreement with the Cossacks. The west is largely Catholic; the east largely Russian Orthodox. The west 
speaks Ukrainian; the east speaks mostly Russian. Any attempt by one wing of Ukraine to dominate 
the other — as has been the pattern — would lead eventually to civil war or break up. To treat Ukraine 
as part of an East-West confrontation would scuttle for decades any prospect to bring Russia and the 
West — especially Russia and Europe — into a cooperative international system. 
Ukraine has been independent for only 23 years; it had previously been under some kind of foreign 
rule since the 14th century. Not surprisingly, its leaders have not learned the art of compromise, even 
less of historical perspective. The politics of post-independence Ukraine clearly demonstrates that the 
root of the problem lies in efforts by Ukrainian politicians to impose their will on recalcitrant parts of 
the country, first by one faction, then by the other. That is the essence of the conflict between Viktor 
Yanukovych and his principal political rival, Yulia Tymoshenko. They represent the two wings of 
Ukraine and have not been willing to share power. A wise U.S. policy toward Ukraine would seek a way 
for the two parts of the country to cooperate with each other. We should seek reconciliation, not the 
domination of a faction. Russia and the West, and least of all the various factions in Ukraine, have not 
acted on this principle. Each has made the situation worse. Russia would not be able to impose a 
military solution without isolating itself at a time when many of its borders are already precarious. For 
the West, the demonization of Vladimir Putin is not a policy; it is an alibi for the absence of one. 
Putin should come to realize that, whatever his grievances, a policy of military impositions would 
produce another Cold War. For its part, the United States needs to avoid treating Russia as an aberrant 
to be patiently taught rules of conduct established by Washington. Putin is a serious strategist — on 
the premises of Russian history. Understanding U.S. values and psychology are not his strong suits. 
Nor has understanding Russian history and psychology been a strong point of U.S. policymakers. 
Leaders of all sides should return to examining outcomes, not compete in posturing. Here is my 
notion of an outcome compatible with the values and security interests of all sides: 
1. Ukraine should have the right to choose freely its economic and political associations, including 
with Europe. 
2. Ukraine should not join NATO, a position I took seven years ago, when it last came up. 
3. Ukraine should be free to create any government compatible with the expressed will of its people. 
Wise Ukrainian leaders would then opt for a policy of reconciliation between the various parts of their 
EFTA01133149
--- PAGE 32 ---
country. Internationally, they should pursue a posture comparable to that of Finland. That nation 
leaves no doubt about its fierce independence and cooperates with the West in most fields but carefully 
avoids institutional hostility toward Russia. 
4. It is incompatible with the rules of the existing world order for Russia to annex Crimea. But it 
should be possible to put Crimea's relationship to Ukraine on a less fraught basis. To that end, Russia 
would recognize Ukraine's sovereignty over Crimea. Ukraine should reinforce Crimea's autonomy in 
elections held in the presence of international observers. The process would include removing any 
ambiguities about the status of the Black Sea Fleet at Sevastopol. 
These are principles, not prescriptions. People familiar with the region will know that not all of them 
will be palatable to all parties. The test is not absolute satisfaction but balanced dissatisfaction. If 
some solution based on these or comparable elements is not achieved, the drift toward confrontation 
will accelerate. The time for that will come soon enough. 
THIS WEEK's QUOTES 
Broadly shared prosperity is not only a social value and a social 
justice value, it is a civic value and (in a democracy) it should be 
an overriding importance to all us and every policy that we 
develop. 
Mark Shields 
BEST VIDEO OF THE WEEK 
Electronic Pick Pocketing 
RFID chips credit cards may not be as secured as promised 
Web Link: https://ajoutube.googleapis.com/v/ILAFlaysQH1v%26sns-em 
EFTA01133150
--- PAGE 33 ---
AMAZING VIDEO 
Really fantastic images 
Web Link; https://mail.gogle.com/mailhil0Pui=2&ik=875c48a4768cview=att&th=144961c00a5ca4b5&attid
. I &disp=safthzve 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
This week I would like to share the music of Herbie Hancock who is and will always be one of the 
most revered and controversial figures in jazz -- just as his mentor Miles Davis was when he was alive. 
Unlike Miles, who pressed ahead relentlessly and never looked back until near the very end, Hancock 
has cut a zigzagging forward path, shuttling between almost every development in electronic and 
acoustic jazz and R&B over the last third of the loth century and into the 21st. Though grounded in 
Bill Evans' jazz purity and able to absorb blues, funk, gospel, and even modern classical influences, 
Hancock's piano and keyboard voices are entirely his own, with their own urbane harmonic and 
complex, earthy rhythmic signatures -- and young pianists cop his licks constantly. Having studied 
engineering and professing to love gadgets and buttons, Hancock was perfectly suited for the 
electronic age; he was one of the earliest champions of the Rhodes electric piano and Hohner clavinet, 
and would field an ever-growing collection of synthesizers and computers on his electric dates. Yet his 
love for the grand piano never waned, and despite his peripatetic activities all around the musical map, 
his piano style continued to evolve into tougher, ever more complex forms. He is as much at home 
trading riffs with a smoking funk band as he is communing with a world-class post-bop rhythm section 
-- and that drives purists on both sides of the fence up the wall. 
Herbert Jeffrey "Herbie" Hancock (born Apri112, 1940) is an American pianist, keyboardist, 
bandleader and composer. As part of Miles Davis's Second Great Quintet, Hancock helped to redefine 
the role of a jazz rhythm section and was one of the primary architects of the "post-bop" sound. He 
was one of the first jazz musicians to embrace music synthesizers and funk music (characterized by 
syncopated drum beats). Hancock's music is often melodic and accessible; he has had many songs 
"cross-over" and achieved success among pop audiences. His music embraces elements of funk and 
soul while adopting freer stylistic elements from jazz. In his jazz improvisation, he possesses a unique 
creative blend of jazz, blues, and modern classical music, with harmonic stylings much like the styles of 
Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel. For me, Herbie's signature masterwork is Maiden Voyage first 
released in 1965 which I describe as "a perfect song" because it is so special that no matter who else 
has re-recorded it, no one has done it better. Hancock's best-known solo works include "Cantaloupe 
Island", "Watermelon Man" (later performed by dozens of musicians, including bandleader Mongo 
Santamaria), "Chameleon", and the singles "I Thought It Was You" and "Rockit". His 2007 tribute 
album River: The Joni Letters won the 2008 Grammy Award for Album of the Year, only the 
second jazz album ever to win the award, after Getz/Gilberto in 1965. With this said, I invite you to 
enjoy the music of a living legend and one of the greatest musicians of our generation 
Mr. Herbie 
Hancock 
EFTA01133151
--- PAGE 34 ---
Herbie Hancock - Maiden Voyage -- 
http://youtu.be/IUUhifXOToo 
Herbie Hancock - Watermelon Man -- http://youtu.be/RzPZvKSdN7g
Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter, Stanley Clarke & Omar Hakim - Cantelope Island --
http://youtu.be/JixfzsQWZ8c
Herbie Hancock & Miles Davis — Watermelon Man -- http://youtu.be/s Fp ooJSaQ 
Herbie Hancock & Jaco Pastorius — Chameleon -- http://youtu.be/uuVVEOcwo
iHnetic
ti/y
ieHoauiti
ld)
ciocekifLe9a
ev
t
l6
featuring Marcus
sigs
 Miller & Roy Hargrove — 
http:
He  
/ /youtu.be/edUGRcKHccA
rbieHaiicockfeaturingrarcus Miller & Roy Hargrove — 
Herbie Hancock's Imagine, featuring Pink, Seal, India Arie 
http: / /youtu.be/RNVz7mHRIrs 
Butterfly --
Spider --
- Imagine --
Herbie Hancock - Tell Me a Bedtime Story -- httpiyoutu.be/4f8SbbdrEQg
Herbie Hancock, Ron Carter and Billy Cobham 
http://youtu.be/6SgFDrWeJGo 
Herbie Hancock, Ron Carter and Billy Cobham 
http://voutu.be/dqv8E3Enno 
Herbie Hancock - I Didn't Know What Time It Was -- http://youtu.be/nuUXY4pTUxk
Herbie Hancock & Wayne Shorter Quartet — Round Midnight -- littpayoutu.be/VPGcpm3visU 
HearnbcioecHk,amncilolcekr,&sh%oVrtayn
ere_Shortiebrut-eFt000tp
Milreisnt_s_ h-- http:
ttph, / O/ uy tout .1 btuo.b/4M 
a-FXs8
igeaa52:
p4 
— Eye Of The Hurricane --
- Speak Like A Child --
I hope that you have enjoyed this week's offerings and 
wish you and yours a wonderful week. 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory. Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
EFTA01133152
--- PAGE 35 ---
(nynoxy Ham n 
( 
1.0 
I.( 
EFTA01133153

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133154.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein CC leevaeation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 15:34:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133154
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133155

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133156.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffre E stein CC <eevacation gmailsom>, 
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 16:11:57 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133156
--- PAGE 2 ---
Srnl from my -Ph 
EFTA01133157

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133158.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133158

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133159.pdf
----------------------------------------
mil•re' • - 
EFTA01133159

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133160.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein CC leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 16:42:59 +0000 
Attachments: PastedGraphic-1.tiff; PastedGraphic-2.tiff 
Inline-Images: 969378_10151460579128157_1035658967fi.jpg 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: 
Date: September 30, 2013 12:38:23 PM EDT 
To: JEEVACATION@grran
. 
. 
_ 
Cc: 
c.v. will come..! be 
EFTA01133160
--- PAGE 2 ---
M 
EFTA01133161
--- PAGE 3 ---
lit 
EFTA01133162

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133163.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
EFTA01133163

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133164.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein CC <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc:
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 18:25:48 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Look at the name of the first sponsor. 
EFTA01133164
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133165
--- PAGE 3 ---
WC HMG unmi cry, 
I v kiun 
EVENT SPONSORS FOR THEIR 
EXTRAORDINARY GENEROSITY 
AND SUPPORT: 
(This list includes donors as of 
September 13, 2013) 
FACT SPONSOR 
($10.000 AND ABOVE) 
Uncle F 
Use and Michael Evans 
Daniel S. Loeb 
J.P. Morgan Private Bank 
Kathleen O. Tropin 
Tiffany & Company 
TRUTH SPONSOR 
($5,OOO-9.999) 
Mr. and Mrs. A. Alfred Taubman 
EFTA01133166

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133167.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject:: ) 
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 18:31:41 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
My sugar orchids! 
EFTA01133167
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133168
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133169

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133170.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133170

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133171.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133171

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133172.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Tun-in
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(kgmail.com> 
CC: Melanie Spinella < 
Subject: Draft 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 12:07:42 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline4823.jpg; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18be.jpg 
Jeffrey, 
I will have the draft of Leon's income tax return ready later today. 
The drafts do not have complete international disclosures — still in progress.. 
and we are still completing the non-resident state returns. 
I have drafts of the gift tax returns also. 
Should I send to Richard Kahn at
? 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
Email: 
Website: 
RAICH 
ENDE 
MALTER ca LLP 
CERTIFIED PUKE ACCOUNTANTS 6 ADVISORS 
k i 
D 
PALCPCIOUnting 
PTOP 
Cui11OO 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
EFTA01133172
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and, as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose. print. copy. disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andror use of this communication areils strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related ma0er(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01133173

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133174.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thomas Turrin
Subject: Re: Draft 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 12:39:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: primeglobal_color blktext_tagline4823 jpg; rem-newlogo_sm29.png; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18bejpg 
no 
On Tue, Sep 24, 2013 at 8:07 AM, Thomas Turrin < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I will have the draft of Leon's income tax return ready later today. 
The drafts do not have complete international disclosures - still in progress.. 
and we are still completing the non-resident state returns. 
I have drafts of the gift tax returns also. 
Should I send to Richard Kahn at 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
EFTA01133174
--- PAGE 2 ---
Email: 
Website: 
RAICH1 
ENDE 
MALE 
o. LLP 
CERTIFIED ASK ACCOUNTAIRS & ADVISORS 
du,:c..li OE Painting 
STOP 
N1OO 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to 
deliver this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print, copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely 
for the purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication areils strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have 
received this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and 
enclosures, from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including 
any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133175

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133176.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Draft 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 12:47:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.png; image002jpg; image003.jpg 
will do 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, September 24, 2013 8:39 AM 
To: Thomas Turrin 
Subject: Re: Draft 
no 
On Tue, Sep 24, 2013 at 8:07 AM, Thomas Turrin < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I will have the draft of Leon's income tax return ready later today. 
The drafts do not have complete international disclosures - still in progress.. 
and we are still completing the non-resident state returns. 
I have drafts of the gift tax returns also. 
Should I send to Richard Kahn at 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
Email: 
‘Nrchsite 
EFTA01133176
--- PAGE 2 ---
RAICHCI 
ENDE 
VALTER ) 
CO LLP 
,--- PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CERTIFIED PUBIC ACCOUNTANTS & ADVISORS 
Ac
itt2To
counpting 
Cu
C4
•FIRMS 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication. you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133177

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133178.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Mr. Fraguela progress 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 14:04:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg 
Images to view before we call this afternoon. 
Ann R 
EFTA01133178
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133179
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133180
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01133181

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133182.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Andrea Pfanzelter 
To: Jeff Epstein cJeevacation@gmad.com> 
Subject: BMG... 
Date: The, 24 Sep 2013 15:37:49 +0000 
Attachments: 130922-456jpg 
Great pic... 
Andrea Pfanzelter 
Director IPI Vienna 
International Peace Institute 
Freyung 3 
1010 Vienna 
EFTA01133182

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133183.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133183

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133184.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Mr. Fraguela progress 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 15:52:39 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg; image(5).jpeg; 
image(6)jpeg; image(7).jpeg; image(8)jpeg 
EFTA01133184
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133185
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ann R. 
On Sep 24, 2013, at 10:48 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
any more photos please 
On Tue, Sep 24, 2013 at 10:04 AM, Ann Rodriquez < 
> wrote: 
Images to view before we call this afternoon. 
EFTA01133186
--- PAGE 4 ---
Ann R. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133187

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133188.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Mr. Fraguela more pies 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 16:42:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg; image(5).jpeg 
EFTA01133188
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133189
--- PAGE 3 ---
Ann R. 
On Sep 24, 2013, at 10:48 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
any more photos please 
On Tue, Sep 24, 2013 at 10:04 AM, Ann Rodriquez
Images to view before we call this afternoon. 
Ann R. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
wrote: 
EFTA01133190
--- PAGE 4 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133191

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133192.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Photos for 
Date: The, 24 Sep 2013 17:51:02 +0000 
Attachments: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo_4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
M
ays the tech person working on your search results really needs some new photos/ I am sending the 
ones I previously sent just in case you feel any are suitable. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133192

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133193.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133193

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133194.pdf
----------------------------------------
Its 
, *XI 
Nis: .t.30 C4
.
" 
- w - j 
*ta 
' -. 
N -n riestv"-Ter
ia%;"
-
te
e 
-•,••••• . 
gas., 
_t 
4ra. 
• 
r 
atm its ■ 
ammo, onto 
1-:-.••;--:Ll i k
z. --riaa 
4111M111111110 
• 
misingir 
• 
"Nr.11 
- 
EFTA01133194

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133195.pdf
----------------------------------------
ANDOR 
A
EFTA01133195

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133196.pdf
----------------------------------------
ar 
EFTA01133196

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133197.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Photos for 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2013 17:59:51 +0000 
Attachments: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo_4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Ps- in the last one I can't tell whether your fly buttons are open? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133197

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133198.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
442 
a 
EFTA01133198

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133199.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133199

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133200.pdf
----------------------------------------
KW:WITTY 
MAIL 
• van 
Wk., int 
ea so 
••••••••••••••11 
••••U• 
alaftralipaa 
ems% eaten 
.41a••••• •••••••••••••isin• 
• la oesameis 
EFTA01133200

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133201.pdf
----------------------------------------
-
EFTA01133201

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133202.pdf
----------------------------------------
loddenkePoh.
rnPe
EFTA01133202

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133203.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133203

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133204.pdf
----------------------------------------
al 
EFTA01133204

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133205.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133205

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133206.pdf
----------------------------------------
r. ~' 
EFTA01133206

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133207.pdf
----------------------------------------
"MOM
-4 1471 
yp. 
EFTA01133207

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133208.pdf
----------------------------------------
";-
.01• 
ALL 
:;i1;14,04Ziret,11
EFTA01133208

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133209.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133209

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133210.pdf
----------------------------------------
-a a 
EFTA01133210

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133211.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
A
fea 
EFTA01133211

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133212.pdf
----------------------------------------
-=-""tarener-
hTi
""m"" 
7_77 
•••••••.
.seare
v
a
in
-•••,••• 
• ... 
•ME.. 
:
a
axral
lSe
SMICIllininnala
t fr..* 
.31
EFTA01133212

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133213.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133213

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133214.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: JEEVACATION®gmail.com 
Subject: JEFFREY'S HOUSE.. 
Date: Wed, 25 Sep 2013 02:48:25 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
Barbro C. Ehnbom 
Chairman, Swedish-American Life Science Summit 
New York, N.Y. 10022 
--Original Message--
From: Christina Andersson <chriande©gmail.com> 
To: BARBRO EHNBOM <behnbom@aol.com> 
Sent: Tue, Sep 24, 2013 10:43 pm 
Subject: Bild 1 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133214

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133215.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01133215

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133216.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: JE design - Mr. Fraguela 
Date: Wed, 25 Sep 2013 17:00:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg; image(5).jpeg; 
image(6)jpeg; image(7).jpeg; image(8).jpeg 
EFTA01133216
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133217
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133218
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01133219
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01133220
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01133221
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01133222
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA01133223
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA01133224
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA01133225

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133226.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Draft of gift tax return 
Date: Wed, 25 Sep 2013 16:17:44 +0000 
Attachments: draft_of_gift_tax_retum.pdf 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline4823.jpg; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18be.jpg 
Jeffrey, 
The password is the zip code for 
I was not able to reach Leon this morning — Melanie said he was out of the office. 
I have attached a draft of his gift tax return without complete details. 
I will forward complete details as soon as I have Leon's OK. 
Leon's 2012 gifts were primarily cash gifts to individuals (as reported to me by 
Melanie), the economic benefit relating to the split dollar policies (the two 1999 insurance trusts) 
and gift to 1992 insurance trust. 
Best, 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
Email: 
Website: 
RAICH 
ENDE 
MASTER CO LLP 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS & ADVISORS 
Accounting 
PTOP 
gnoo 
MFIRIVIS 
PrimeGlobal 
.40 Association of 
independent Accounting Firms 
EFTA01133226
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and, as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose. print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise. was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01133227

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133228.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: How To Academy 
To:j <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: How To Academy: Iran, Ballet Masterclass, Opera weekend, James Joyce, Photography, Film and 
Money. 
Date: Wed, 25 Sep 2013 18:04:35 +0000 
_ 
_Li. October Programme 
There are 3 places left for the upcoming How To Make a Film in a 
Weekend (28th--29th September) Last weekend's course was a great 
success, so do book now if you'd like to attend. And we have limited 
availability for How To Read James Joyce - also taking place this 
weekend. 
Next week on Monday 3oth we have a fascinating early evening event 
EFTA01133228
--- PAGE 2 ---
focused on Understanding Iran; on Saturday 5th a Midnight Film 
Masterclass with inspirational lecturer Colin MacCabe -- actually it 
starts at iipm -- and on 5th and 6th a weekend devoted to How To 
Philosophize (without a hammer) in which Professor Ken Gemes will 
now be making a guest appearance to talk about Wittgenstein and 
Freud. 
There are a number of exciting new events in November for which 
booking is now open: on 7th November a Ballet Masterclass at the 
Royal Opera House taught by legendary prima ballerina Monica 
Mason. And on gth--loth November a weekend devoted to Opera, led 
by Rupert Christiansen. 
Looking further ahead as part of our collaboration with The Telegraph, 
in January 2014 we have a whole weekend devoted to reading Marcel 
Proust and in March a unique all-day seminar on How to Read 
Samuel Beckett; in between we'll be offering one-day and weekend 
seminars on Dante, Dickens, Dostoevsky and other pillars of the 
western canon. 
Do join us at the How To Academy. 
www.howtoacademy.com 
EFTA01133229
--- PAGE 3 ---
BOOKING OPEN AND LAST PLACES REMAINING 
EFTA01133230
--- PAGE 4 ---
Last places remaining... 
28.09.2013 - 29.09.2013 
Weekend Event, 10am - 5pm 
how to: Read James Joyce 
with Cohn MacCabe 
The Telegraph/How To Academy seminars celebrate the art of 
reading and the craft of criticism. In this unique series, we ask 
authors to stand before a page rather than a podium, to share a 
private passion rather than give a public performance - and we ask 
readers to roll up their sleeves and participate. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133231
--- PAGE 5 ---
Last 3 places remaining... 
28.09.2013 - 29.09.2013 
Weekend Event, 10am - 6pm on both days 
how to: Make a Film in a Weekend 
with Bartek Dziadosz 
Impossible? Not if you attend one of these ingeniously thorough 
training courses. At loam on Saturday you will learn how to 
switch on the camera, and by 6pm next day you will be in a 
cinema seat watching your own three-minute short on the big 
screen. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133232
--- PAGE 6 ---
30.09.2013 
Evening Event, 7-8.30pm 
how to: Understand Iran 
with Michael Axworthy, James Buchan, Sir Richard 
Dalton, Dr. Ziba Mir-Hosseini 
How the West should act vis-a-vis Iran dominates the media. But 
how much do we know about Iran to inform our judgements? 
How much of Iran's past are we aware of? In this major event four 
leading authorities will take a masterclass in Iranian history and 
discuss with the audience the past, present and possible futures 
for this great nation. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133233
--- PAGE 7 ---
05.10.2013 
Evening Event, 11pm - 12:30am 
how to: A Midnight Masterclass in Film 
with Colin MacCabe 
A midnight masterclass on some of the greatest moments in world 
cinema, explaining in close-up what makes each clip so perfect. 
The shot, the cut, the grammar of film: this unique take on the 
finest of all modern entertainments will be essential viewing. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133234
--- PAGE 8 ---
05.10.2013 - 06.10.2013 
Weekend Event, 10am - 6:50pm 
how to: Philosophize in a Weekend 
with Jane O'Grady, Professor Ken Gemes 
Who am I? How do I know what I know - or whether things are 
really as they seem? How should I live? Now is the chance to find 
out, in the space of a weekend. Some of the answers, by some of 
the greatest thinkers: Plato's Cave, Descartes' cogito, Kant's 
imperatives, Heidegger's hammer, Sartre's waiter. These riddles 
and many more... 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133235
--- PAGE 9 ---
09.10.2013 
Evening Event, 7pm-10pm 
how to: Create a Vertical Garden 
with Patrick Blanc 
For the urban gardener short on space, one of the most exciting 
new developments is vertical gardening on the sides of buildings. 
The world's leading expert Patrick Blanc will reveal the 
possibilities for greening our walls, our courtyards, our cities, and 
will explain the art of soil-less planting. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133236
--- PAGE 10 ---
Last places remaining... 
12.10.2013 - 13.10.2013 
Weekend Event, 10am - 5pm 
how to: Take Great Photographs 
with David Montgomery 
We all take photographs but few of us can make one - mastering 
with a click the unrepeatable moment. We buy better cameras but 
find ourselves pressing the A button - for average. Photography is 
more than holding a camera or an i Phone: it is a way of seeing. 
This two day workshop with master-photographer David 
Montgomery will show you the rules of light and the basics of 
classic picture-taking. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133237
--- PAGE 11 ---
16.10.2013 
Evening Event, 6:45pm 
how to: Make Money from Investing in a Buy to Let 
with Lindsay Cuthill from Savills, Carol Bennett from 
Designed Interiors, Lucy Morton W. A. Ellis, Mike Boles 
from SPF, Simon Connell from Property Vision 
A workshop led by five property experts: how and where to find 
the right property, finance its purchase, decorate for maximum 
rental value - and all you need to know about the letting process. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133238
--- PAGE 12 ---
17.10.2013 
Evening Event, 6.45-8.30pm 
how to: Understand Turkey 
with Philip Mansel, Andrew Finkel, Elif Shafak, Norman 
Stone 
With the recent Turkish riots, the need to understand this most 
complex of countries has never been more pressing. In a unique 
event, four experts - historians Norman Stone and Philip Mansell, 
Turkish-based journalist Andrew Finkel, and novelist Elif Shafak -
will explore the history of the country, the legacy of Ataturk, and 
the political situation today. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133239
--- PAGE 13 ---
22.10.2013 - 23.10.2013 
Workshop, day 1: 10am - 5pm, day 2: 9am - 4pm 
how to: Teenager Life Skills Jamboree 
with Edie Lush, Anastasia Baker, Charity Charity, James 
Barton, James Uffindell, Robin Kennedy, Rachel 
Spedding, Steve Schwartz 
A unique two-day half-term all-out event for teenagers. Individual 
sessions will include: how to interview well, how to write a great 
CV, how to gain work experience, how to break into the workplace, 
and how to get into Oxbridge or an American University. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133240
--- PAGE 14 ---
07.11.2013 
Evening Event, 7.30pm - 9pm 
how to: Ballet Masterclass at The Royal Opera 
House 
with Dame Monica Mason 
Whether you're a long time balletomane or new to 
the art, the next performance you see will be hugely 
enhanced by this informative and entertaining 
evening with Dame Monica Mason, former Director 
of The Royal Ballet Company. A step-by-step guide 
to the language of ballet will be illustrated by dancers 
from the Company. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133241
--- PAGE 15 ---
C. 
C. 
09.11.2013 - 10.11.2013 
Weekend Event, 10am-5pm 
how to: Deepen Your Love of Opera 
with Rupert Christiansen 
A weekend course for those who like to understand more full• this 
most challenging and yet viscerally enthralling of the performing 
arts - led by eminent critic Rupert Christiansen. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133242
--- PAGE 16 ---
13.11.2013 
Evening Event, 7pm - 8:30pm 
how to: Understand Your Dog 
with Bruce Fogle 
Why does my dog treat me as staff? 
How much of what I say does my dog really 
understand? 
Every dog-lover must wonder what their hound is 
thinking. Why do they bark at trees? Why do they 
bite men in uniform? What are they up to when they 
roam about in gangs? In this event, author Dr Bruce 
Fogle explains all you need to know about your best 
friend. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133243
--- PAGE 17 ---
11.01.2014 - 12.01.2014 
Weekend Event, 10am - 5pm, both days 
how to: Read Proust 
with Patrick McGuinness 
Proust's great novel has been described as 'a conspiracy against 
readers'. The course is designed for all who are resolved (or 
merely tempted) to embark on this voyage for themselves, offering 
a variety of useful charts and soundings, and a checklist of what to 
bring along as essential kit. 
Read more and book. 
EFTA01133244
--- PAGE 18 ---
If there's a Course you'd like to take which isn't currently included in 
our programme, email us with the details of what you'd like us to 
organise and if there's sufficient demand, we will contact our extensive 
network of distinguished teachers, lecturers and writers to arrange a 
course tailored to your needs. 
EFTA01133245
--- PAGE 19 ---
2. 
Follow on Facebook 
Follow on Twitter 
EFTA01133246
--- PAGE 20 ---
Copyright 
2013 How To Academy. AU rights reserved. 
You are receiving this email because you opted in our website http://howtoacademy.com and indicated you wished 
to receive news about courses and offers. 
Our mailing address is: 
How To Academy 
London. England W11 1BL 
United Kingdom 
Add us to your address book 
how to: unsubscribe 
update subscription preferences 
EFTA01133247

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133248.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Linkedln Updates <updates@linkedin.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein' eeproject@yahoo.conv 
Subject: Linkedln Network Updates, 9/25/2013 
Date: Wed. 25 Sep 2013 21:08:53 +0000 
LiriaeOln 
Network Updates, Sep 18 - Sep 25 
L. 
Linkedln 
Updates from Your Extended Network 
Connect with them to see what they're up to 
etit 
art 
an 
ci3r 
an 
Laetitia Garriott de Cayeux Great conference worth checking out for those in the NY area 
EDHEC Risk Days North America 20131 Powered by RegOnline 
I'm attending: EDHEC Risk Days North America 2013. If you're interested, dick the link above and check it out. 
C capata kada tha . aticomgcd
Brian Cortright http://bulthrW1FGS0/4 
gP ow
Hiring: 
Software 
Technical 
audifiring Software Technical Lead in BettendorUS 
Technical Lead Software Engineering Team integraSoft / Tech Systems. Inc. Bettendorf. IA integraSoft / Tech Systems. Inc.. a 
leader in strategic... 
C runharl with Bali] • raOTLICIB 
Brandi Fuller http://Inkd.infigavH 
Zystligent Signs National Agnanments with majarnsik0kelailes 
Xceligent. Inc.. a leading provider of proactively researched commercial real estate information and marketing solutions. is pleased to announce 
that CBRE Group. Inc.. Colliers International. and Jones Lang LaSalle Americas. Inc. have signed... 
C cc/Inert with Brandi cornmeal 
;2,Th 
The David Bowers #MUSIC 1/RADIO: XTheDavidBowersAwards REPLAYS http://billy/10Ziqba Download All Shows FREE ttldb Mdba ttthedavid 
e 
Nbloglalkradio #ilunes 
;:f he David 
Bowers 
Presents 
Online Radio 
View All Updates 
The David Bowers Presents Online Radio by The David Bowers 
Ifs all about the music ... and the people who make it. Music, Interviews. News and... 
C ciarici with The David • Q303=1 
How 
about 
these 
tar
t'tal‘t 
Mdiee 
a
plias 
an-
UCtlin 
ratT Tiff 
lamany 
Marsh 
Bruce Gbeen 
a Go 
enzel 
him 
C:, 3 
Filet 
mark c',Cact 
anon 
Gould 
And 
Strce 
\Jul, 
delta 
Bryant 
Joni, • Elawd 
‘Cec 
Steen plite 
alitta 
Garnet 
area 
Stowell 
.lam
Klett 
ADS 
s
Lukats 
Karen 
LyDUY 
Epstein 
EPaltto Bade= 
Wehlan• 
people? 
Sa
ante 
el 
Yu.. re eve nu Nelmrk Upzttca 
an 
UnSubSCritte 
A ei I'd I r dt, 
r ded icr 
ey Ernl,in Learn why we ixtuded this Ti 2013. Linke:flit Corporation. 2029 &term C: P.Su.intain View. CA Sal 0 I'S 
EFTA01133248

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133249.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jermaine Ruan" 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeeyacation(kgmail.com> 
Subject: update on Choice Meeting 
Date: Wed, 25 Sep 2013 22:27:13 +0000 
Attachments: fnr-femtocellsl.jpg 
Good day boss, 
Tony Shepherd and colleagues from Choice Communications made their assessment of the LSJ. 
Internet bandwidth 
• 
Located three potential sites (in order of quality of service): 
o 5 Palms roof 
o Next to the Berm facing Great St. James 
o Mechanical Building Roof 
• 
They would like to set up a test service link (15MB)to see if the speed and quality meets your approval. 
• 
If you approve the estimated rates are $130 per dedicated 1MB ( -approximately $1950 for 15MB vs our 
exiting ATT $2,329.85 for 4MB). 
• 
They are willing to start as soon as you choose a location. 
Cell Signal 
• 
Tony stated that Choice may have a solution that would work. They will outline their proposal for your 
review. 
• 
If you approve their solution, Choice would be using the proposed tower to mount their repeaters in 
addition to the signal booster for LSJ. Because the site would improve Choice's signal service to St. John, 
they are willing to revisit the above mentioned internet rate and possibly offer you a reduced rate. 
Regards 
EFTA01133249

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133250.pdf
----------------------------------------
3G/4G Macro 
Network 
Femtocells takes most power hungry 
base station users off the macrocell 
3G/4G localized air 
interface 
3G/4G compatible 
handset 
— 
Femto provides the 
Wireless coverage 
indoors 
Femto is low power, self 
configuring to minimize 
interference 
Broadband carries the traffic to 
operator's network using standard-
based protocols SIP and UMA 
Femto interoperates 
easily with the 3G14G 
standards 
Loartr-.y tbqur.r. I clinker. 
EFTA01133250

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133251.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Ann Rodriquez
Subject: Re: Mr. Fraguela 
Date: Wed, 25 Sep 2013 23:02:22 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg; image(5).jpeg; 
image(6)jpeg; image(7).jpeg; image(8).jpeg 
do the exteneded thanks 
On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 6:48 PM, Ann Rodriquez < 
> wrote: 
Mr. Fraguela said he cant continue unless you make a decision about your design. Should I send more 
pictures? 
Ann R. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Ann Rodriquez
Date: September 25, 2013 at 1:00:26 PM AST 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Subject: JE design - Mr. Fraguela 
EFTA01133251
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133252
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133253
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01133254
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01133255
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01133256
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01133257
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA01133258
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA01133259
--- PAGE 10 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jee
n@i
gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133260

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133261.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Rich Kahn < 
Zorro Ranch 
Subject: Master Bedroom Terrace Leak 
Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2013 16:20:11 +0000 
Attachments: ZDC_PRO_27_TERR_l_092713.JPG; ZDC_PRO_27_TERR_092713.JPG; 
ZDC PRO 27 TERR 2 092713.JPG; ZDC_PRO_27_TERR_3_092713.JPG; photo_LJPG; 
photo: 2.JPo; photo_2(1).JPG 
Jeffrey 
attached Photos of existing elbow between Terrace Gutter and Leader. 
Outside windows MB windows. MB Roof Flashing. 
As discussed 3 B's sealed the existing gutter cap 
water tested leaders, PVC elbow was connected to gutter spout. 
therefore any backup of water would cause an overflow in metal moulding and front fascia of terrace. Please 
note this was an existing issue and a separate to the main leak on terrace ceiling. 
Next step,Leaders where sealed correctly, terrace and gutter flood with water. 
No leakage from ceiling below 
When water was spray on wall below windows, leakage occurred from ceiling below 
B's have Temporarily sealed area, JJ is recommending cutting a section of stucco out and flashing correctly, 
also extending the flashing from the roof which also is an issue 
A proposal will be forwarded for your review next week. 
regards 
Brice Cordon 
EFTA01133261

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133262.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133262

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133263.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kaufman Rossin Investor Services 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP - INVESTOR STATEMENT-
DECEMBER 31, 2014 
Date: The, 03 Feb 2015 02:05:09 +0000 
Attachments: 49155000 inv 0822141101 invStmt 20141201 20141231 invStmt_.pdf 
Dear Investor, 
Please see the attached investor statement. This information is proprietary and may not be disclosed without 
prior written consent from an authorized representative of the Fund. 
If you have any questions, please contact our Investor Services department at 
ICAUFMAN ROSSIN FUND SERVICES 
Kaufman Rossin Fund Services, LLC 
New York I Boston I San Francisco I Dallas I Cayman I Miami 
www.krfs.com 
This communication was sent from Kaufman Rossin Fund Services, LLC and contains information that may be 
confidential or privileged. The information is solely intended for the use of the addressee. If you are not the 
intended recipient, be advised that any disclosure, copy, distribution, or use of the contents of this 
communication is prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by telephone or by electronic mail. 
This message and related attachments are intended to be an informal means of communication and should not be 
relied upon, other than for discussion purposes, unless accompanied by a report or letter executed by authorized 
representatives of the company. 
EFTA01133263

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133264.pdf
----------------------------------------
KAUFMAN ROSSI N 
fund ,;OrviCOS 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
INVESTOR DETAILS 
INVESTOR NAME: 
REFERENCE ID: 
FAX: 
EMAIL: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Please find below a statement related to your investment interest in the following Investment Fund. Should 
statement or need additional information, please contact the Investor Services Department at 
INVESTMENT DETAILS 
ou have anquestions regarding this account 
or 
INVESTMENT FUND: 
BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP 
DATE: 
DECEMBER 31, 2014 
CLASS AND SERIES OF SHARES: 
CLASS 2F INTERESTS 
VALUE 
MONTH TO DATE 
YEAR TO DATE 
BEGINNING BALANCE 
10,102,493 
$ 
SUBSCRIPTIONS 
10,084,091 
ASSIGNMENTS 
REDEMPTIONS 
GROSS INCOME (LOSS) 
165,899 
228,309 
MANAGEMENT FEE 
(8,376) 
(50,339) 
INCENTIVE ALLOCATION 
(15,752) 
(17,797) 
ENDING BALANCE 
10,244,264 
$ 
10,244,264 
NET RETURN 
1.403% 
1.588% 
ACCOUNT DETAILS 
FOOTNOTE(S) 
All figures are unaudited and should not be relied on for income tax purposes. 
Month-to-date beginning balance is presented net of the pro-forma, cumulative incentive allocation through the previous month. 
Incentive allocation presented above is for pro-forma purposes only. The incentive allocation is effected, if applicable, at the end of each calendar year or at 
the time of any limited partners redemption. 
A portion of the Fund's net assets are held in certain accounts that have not been independently verified by Kaufman Rossin Fund Services. LLC ("KRFS"). 
The net equity and profit or loss of these accounts is included in the books by KRFS based on amounts provided to KRFS by the Investment Manager. 
Boothbay Fund Management, LLC. For the period ended December 31, 2014 the assets in these certain accounts represent less than 0.10% of the Fund's 
net assets. The net equity and profit or loss may differ from the net equity and profit or loss that would have been determined if independently verified by 
KRFS, and the differences from the carrying value could be material. 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA01133264

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133265.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133265

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133266.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133266

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133267.pdf
----------------------------------------
„: 
EFTA01133267

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133268.pdf
----------------------------------------
1"entr
eir e
Ptitrlial4nrut E MS" 
/2
ttt inf *444 
t 
ettYitir4
ittitettli
a A A 4
4441,
tr
i te Arivingirr". 
711*$ 'Pr 
r 
iopoirifiitsereso 
#444 
4141/ttei 
v 
ika•pk.**44410h e14
t
in 
4.40 *Els* 
tationsa tie,/ 
*gni** Alts 
14-0:4444,44rtakivt*,4**4
fr 04444144444.04,0r,iiesit‘spow
Age iikavimotesitisitptitirk 
EFTA01133268

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133269.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Date: Sat, 21 Sep 2013 22:17:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_2893.JPG 
EFTA01133269
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133270
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133271

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133272.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 21 Sep 2013 23:05:19 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg 
I was just about checking my mail to write you and going to sleep. 
Thanks a lot for car, it was huge help. Whereas I had 3 suitcases and one more bag :-) and trip went well. I slept 
through it somehow and my family picked me up at the airport. 
How r u ? 
Comte tc 
:1 
EFTA01133272
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Sep 21, 2013, at 6:44 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how did your trip go? you will defeinitly see me soon. that was great 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133273

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133274.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
• 
Ner: 
i:a,.la.•l
• 
EFTA01133274

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133275.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133275

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133276.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bce: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Gregory Brown
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 09/22/2013 
Sun, 22 Sep 2013 07:48:05 +0000 
There_Have_Been_More_Mass_Shootings_Since_Newtown_Than_You_Think_Huff_Post_ 
17 2013.docx; 
The lvlyth of the 'Free_Market' and How to Make the_Economy_Work for Us_Robert 
Reich Iltrff_iosi_09 16_2013.cTocx;—Ame&a's RiciTest and Poorest Stares 14-
7_Walc_Street_Septeiriber_16,2913.docx; The_gest_Economies_in_the_World_24-
Wall Street_September 10,2013.docx; 
Food ecurity_in the_U.g. USDA September 2013.docx; 
The Power_of_2 
WSLETditorial—09_16,20Th.docx; 
AnoTherinsult to_Jie Poor_NYT 
September_19,2013.docx; 
Shooting_of 
at_paric_puts_Chiago_bacc in_the_spotlight-Chicago_Tribune-
September_10J013.docx; Judy_Collins_bio.docx 
image.png; image(1).png; image(2).png; aa4.jpg; image(3).png; image(4).png; image(5).png 
DEAR FRIEND 
Another Insult to the Poor 
By: NEW YORK TIMES EDITORIAL BOARD 
In what can be seen only as an act of supreme indifference, House Republicans passed a bill on 
Thursday that would drastically cut federal food stamps and throw 3.8 million Americans out of the 
program in 2014. The vote came two weeks after the Agriculture Department reported that 17.6 
million households did not have enough to eat at some point in 2012 because they lacked the resources 
to put food on the table. It came two days after the Census Bureau reported that 15 percent of 
Americans, or 46.5 million people, live in poverty. 
These numbers are basically unchanged from 2011, but in a growing economy steady rates of hunger 
and poverty amount, in effect, to backsliding. Cutting food stamps would accelerate the slide. Food 
stamps kept four million people out of poverty last year and kept millions more from falling deeper 
into poverty. Under the House Republican bill, many of these people would be further impoverished. 
The struggling middle class is also faring poorly. Though the unemployment rate dropped to a low of 
7.8 percent last year from a high of 9.1 percent in 2011, median household income was virtually 
unchanged, at $51,017. In a healthy economy, income would rise when unemployment falls. But in 
today's weak economy, much of the decline in the jobless rate is not due to new hiring, but to a 
shrinking work force — the very definition of a feeble labor market in which employed people work for 
years without raises and unemployed job seekers routinely end up in new jobs that pay less than their 
previous ones. 
Even so, congressional Republicans have shown no inclination to end the automatic budget cuts that, if 
left in place, will lead to an estimated loss of 900,000 jobs in the coming year, keeping poverty high 
and incomes stagnant. In addition, there seems to be little Republican appetite for renewing federal 
unemployment benefits — a lifeline for millions of unemployed Americans — when they expire at the 
end of 2013. 
It is nothing new that poor people are stuck and those in the middle class are struggling. The poverty 
rate, though steady last year, has worsened or failed to improve in 11 of the last 12 years. The latest 
EFTA01133276
--- PAGE 2 ---
numbers would have been worse but for "doubling up." There are currently 10.1 million adults age 25 
to 34 who are not in school and who live with parents or others who are not spouses of cohabitating 
partners. If they were on their own, 43 percent of them would fall below the poverty line, which last 
year was $11,945 for someone under age 65. 
Similarly, while median household income held steady last year, it was still lower by 8.3 percent, or 
$4,600, (measured in 2012 dollars) than in 2007, before the recession. And the longer the historical 
perspective, the more dire the situation. From 2000 to 2012, median income for working-age 
households headed by someone under age 65 (again in 2012 dollars) fell almost $7,500, from nearly 
$65,000 to just under $57,500, a decline of n.6 percent. 
Against that backdrop, there is no justification for savaging the safety net and decimating the budget. 
As it happens, the Times editorial board actually understated things. Thursday's vote was 
not only an undeniable act of heartlessness, it was also perhaps the ultimate example of how today's 
increasingly radical and unhinged GOP leadership picks on the poor, coddles the rich, makes thinly 
veiled appeals to racism, and plays time-wasting political games instead of governing. 
As Dan Froomkin pointed out in The Huffington Post -- in short, the important thing about this 
vote to anyone paying any attention at all was the subtext -- what it really meant. But the coverage was 
stenographic and context-deficient. 
The New York Times (critique) 
The headline over Ron Nixon's story characterized the cuts as "deep," but the author quickly turned to 
a play-by-play, writing that the vote "set up what promised to be a major clash with the Senate." 
His initial assessment was un-skeptical and almost sympathetic: 
Republican leaders, under pressure from Tea Party-backed conservatives, said the bill was needed 
because the food stamp program, which costs nearly $8o billion a year, had grown out of control. 
Then he presented a fabulously disingenuous quote, without a hint of what it really signified, from 
Rep. Marlin Stutzman (R-Ind.): 
"In the real world, we measure success by results. It's time for Washington to measure success by 
how many families are lifted out of poverty and helped back on their feet, not by how much 
Washington bureaucrats spend year after year." 
What's notable about this quote is how it illustrates the GOP's loopy fantasy that defenders of the 
program want more people on food stamps as a goal unto itself. In fact, the program is by design -- and 
for good reason -- countercyclical. When people need it more, participation goes up. When there are 
more hungry people, we spend more to feed them. 
Everyone is concerned when there are a lot of people getting food stamps, but the problem is that they 
are hungry, not that they are being fed. 
The GOP argument boils down to a nonsensical: When people are hungrier, we should feed them less. 
It shouldn't be treated as if it makes sense. But it was. 
Yes, Nixon put this comment in his story: 
Senator Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan and the chairwoman of the Senate Agriculture 
Committee, called it "a monumental waste of time." 
But then he offered his readers this shockingly dishonest quote, without any skepticism: 
"This bill makes getting Americans back to work a priority again for our nation's welfare 
programs," House Speaker John A. Boehner said. 
EFTA01133277
--- PAGE 3 ---
Toward the bottom of the story, Nixon finally offers a little context: 
A Census Bureau report released on Tuesday found that the program had kept about four million 
people above the poverty level and had prevented millions more from sinking further into poverty. 
The census data also showed nearly 47 million people living in poverty -- close to the highest level in 
two decades. 
But maybe that should have been in the second paragraph instead? 
One of the big uglies in the US, is that millions of Americans are still stuck five years now after the 
depth of the great American recession. New data out this week from the U.S. census bureau is showing 
us more than 46 million living below the poverty line, by the way, that is considered $23,500 for a 
family of four. More than one in five Americans in poverty are children. Needy and household 
income, that is the exact mid-point, about the same as last year, a little more than $51,000, a little 
more than 8% less than before the recession hit. And all of this is happening in plain sight. In 2012, 
the top 5% of the households, those malting more than $91,000 took in the same as they did before the 
recession, but the other 95% made less. This reality is reflected in the growth of Americans who rely 
on local food banks to feed themselves and their families. 
While median income has fallen, the incomes of top earners have continued to rise, making income 
inequality worse. The Census Bureau's measure of inequality, known as the "Gini index," held steady 
at 0.477 in 2012, but at the record high set in 2011. A Gini index of 0 means perfect income equality, 
an index of 1 means one person would get all of the nation's income. We're slowly grinding our way 
towards 1. The top 5 percent of all households earned 22.3 percent of all the nation's income in 2012, 
matching its haul in 2011. 
The median income of households in the top 5 percent rose to $318,052 from $317,950 in 2011. The 
income of these highest-earning Americans has recovered completely from a dip during and after the 
recession, compared with the 8 percent decline for the median American household. The racial 
differences in income are even starker: The median income for black households was $33,321 last 
year, less than half the median income for Asian households. The current federal poverty threshold for 
a family of four is $23,550. These numbers help explain why, even though the Great Recession 
officially ended in June 2009, and even as President Barack Obama touts "progress" in the economy, 
one-third of Americans think we are still in a recession or a depression, according to a recent survey. 
For many of them, the recovery has been worse than the recession. 
In an article by Mark Gongloff this week in The Huffington Post - Income Falls For 5th Year, 
Inequality At Record High - he points out that the facts are in showing that the poor are poorer 
and the rich are getting richer. Median household income fell for the fifth straight year in 2012, the 
Census Bureau reported on Tuesday, to $51,017. This is the lowest annual income, adjusted for 
inflation, since 1995. As the typical American family's income has fallen every year since 2007, the 
year the Great Recession began, for a cumulative decline of 8.3 percent. Median income is also down 9 
percent from its record high of $56,080, set two recessions ago in 1999. 
EFTA01133278
--- PAGE 4 ---
Real Median Household Income by Race and Hispanic Origin: 1967 to 2012 
80.00 
70.00 
60.00 
50.00 
40.00 
30.00 
20.00 
1O00 
2012 dollars 
Recession 
568.636 
$57,009 
$51017 
Asian 
N...." 
White. not Hispanic 
All races 
Hispanic (any race) - 
\..../
.---N -1,...---
------- - 
539,005 
$33,321 
Black
OI I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I IMI 
1959 
1965 
1970 
1975 
1980 
1985 
1990 
1995 
2000 
2005 
2012 
Note: Median household Income data are not available prior to 1967. Implementation of 2010 Census population controls 
began in 2010. For information on recessions. see Appendix A. 
Source: U.S. Census Bureau. Current Population Survey. 1968 to 2013 Annual Social and Economic Supplements. 
While median income has fallen, the incomes of top earners have continued to rise, making income 
inequality worse. The Census Bureau's measure of inequality, known as the "Gini index," held steady 
at 0.477 in 2012, but at the record high set in 2011. A Gini index of o means perfect income equality, 
an index of 1 means one person would get all of the nation's income. We're slowly grinding our way 
towards 1. The top 5 percent of all households earned 22.3 percent of all the nation's income in 2012, 
matching its haul in 2011. The median income of households in the top 5 percent rose to $318,052 
from $317,950 in 2011. The income of these highest-earning Americans has recovered completely 
from a dip during and after the recession, compared with the 8 percent decline for the median 
American household. 
The racial differences in income are even starker: The median income for black households was 
$33,321 last year, less than half the median income for Asian households. The current federal poverty 
threshold for a family of four is $23,550. These numbers help explain why, even though the Great 
Recession officially ended in June 2009, and even as President Barack Obama touts "progress" in the 
economy, one-third of Americans think we are still in a recession or a depression, according to a recent 
survey. For many of them, the recovery has been worse than the recession. 
In contrast this week Forbes Magazine published (32nd list) — 2013 Forbes zioo: Richest 
People in America, and just to check out how several friends on the list fared this past year, I took a 
look. Bill Gates is still the richest American for the loth year in a row and has reclaimed the title of 
world's richest person from Mexico's Carlos Slim with a net worth of $72 billion. Warren Buffett, 
again number two, was the year's biggest dollar gainer, having added $12.5 billion to his fortune. 
Facebook's hot stock pumped up Mark Zuckerberg's fortune by $9.6 billion and put him back into the 
top 20 after missing the top cut last year; Carl Icahn lost his battle to stop DELL (+0.07%) from going 
private but he had a great year and moves back in the top 20 for the first time since 2008. The biggest 
percentage gainer was Workday's David Duffield, whose fortune more than tripled to $6.4 billion, and 
just behind him in terms of percentage jumps was the entrepreneur Elon Musk, now worth $6.7 billion 
and ranked 61st. 
See Weblink: 
Five years after the financial crisis sent the fortunes of many in the U.S. and around the world 
tumbling, the wealthiest as a group have finally gained back all that they lost. The 400 wealthiest 
Americans are worth just over $2 trillion, roughly equivalent to the GDP of Russia. That is a gain of 
EFTA01133279
--- PAGE 5 ---
$300 billion from a year ago, and more than double a decade ago. The average net worth of list 
members is a staggering $5 billion, $800 million more than a year ago and also a record. The 
minimum net worth needed to make the 400 list was $1.3 billion. The last time it was that high was in 
2007 and 2008, before property and stock market values began sliding. Because the bar is so high, S 
American billionaires didn't make the cut. There are 20 newcomers to the list. 
Among the notables are Michael Rubin, whose online sports merchandise retailer Fanatics, recently 
attracted venture capital investors at a sky-high valuation; Jeff Sutton, who owns a number of the 
priciest store fronts on Fifth Avenue and Times Square, and 35-year-old Robert Pera, one of just nine 
under 40, whose wireless networking gear maker Ubiquiti Networks surged after a strong earnings 
announcement in August. At the time he tweeted this lyric from a Jay-Z song: "And as for the critics, 
tell me I don't get it. Everybody can tell you how to do it, they never did it." 
Only 3o people from last year's list are poorer than a year ago. Twenty-eight people dropped out of the 
ranks and six people died, including surround sound pioneer Ray Dolby. Of those 28, only 15 saw their 
fortunes drop, including T. Boone Pickens, whose costly bets on wind energy lost him his billionaire 
status, and Manoj Bhargava, whose 5-Hour Energy drink firm has been hit by lawsuits and falling 
revenues. The rest simply couldn't keep up with the rising tide. Washington Redskins owner Dan 
Snyder is one of the billionaires who didn't qualify and, in his case, even with a rise in his fortune, 
just didn't have enough to stay in the club. 
Under a Republican bill that the House of Representatives that passed on Thursday the GOP wants to 
change the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ("SNAP") so that more recipients must 
be working or in training to qualify for food stamps. The office of House Majority Leader Eric Cantor 
(R-Va.) has said in background documents explaining the proposals to reporters. First of all it is 
important to emphasize that more than 85% of the people who get federal assistance for food are 
either children, children with their parents, senior citizens or people with disabilities, including our 
veterans. And the other 15% are people who are just trying to hang on by their fingertips, as food 
stamps aren't a luxury that anyone brags about. You try to live on $4 a day 
 which is the average 
food assistance allotment for a person. 
The newscasts in question are two Fox News stories about one 29-year-old California food stamp 
recipient who harbors no ambition to get a job. "This is the way I want to live and I don't really see 
EFTA01133280
--- PAGE 6 ---
anything changing," the man said in the stories, copies of which Fox distributed to Capitol Hill offices. 
"It's free food; it's awesome." Just wanting a job wouldn't be awesome enough to satisfy Republicans' 
proposed rules, however. While merely seeking work fulfills a requirement of unemployment 
insurance, SNAP recipients would have to do better. "If you're looking for work but can't find it, and 
you can't find a place in a work or training program -- something only a few states make available 
to all of these individuals -- you will lose SNAP after three months," Robert Greenstein, director of the 
Center on Budget Priorities said in a Wednesday blog post. The Center on Budget has been the 
foremost critic of the legislation outside of Congress. 
Able-bodied adults without children would be eligible for only three months of benefits under the GOP 
plan unless they're working, training, or volunteering 20 hours per week -- a pre-existing requirement 
that most states have waived because of high unemployment. Republicans have cited Congressional 
Research Service data showing that able-bodied adults without dependents had risen to 10.2 percent of 
the overall SNAP population in 2011, up from 6.6 percent in 2007. Overall SNAP enrollment surged to 
million in 2012 because the Great Recession and its aftermath made more Americans poor enough 
to qualify. Republicans prefer to blame liberal policy for the increase, so their bill would take the 
waivers away. 
Republicans also want states to be able to require working-age SNAP recipients with children older 
than one year to obey the work requirements outlined in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families 
program, meaning at least 20 hours per week at a job, volunteering, or participating in a state-run 
training or work-search program. But the legislation doesn't require states to make space available to 
SNAP recipients in such a program. Since it would allow states to keep half the savings from reduced 
enrollment, critics like Greenstein say the bill essentially pays states to kick people off food stamps. 
Despite slacker stereotypes, the share of food stamp recipients who work has risen over time. 
According to the Congressional Budget Office, 30 percent of SNAP recipients worked in 2010, up from 
fewer than 20 percent in 1990. Most of the rest are either elderly, children, or disabled. The CBO has 
estimated that the Republican legislation would result in 3.8 million fewer Americans receiving food 
stamps next year and would save $39 billion over 10 years. But House Republicans are unlikely to get 
their way -- even if the bill passes the House on Thursday afternoon, the Democratic Senate is unlikely 
to accept most of its provisions, and the White House has already threatened a veto. 
Even without new legislation, all food stamp beneficiaries will see an across-the-board drop in the 
value of their benefits this November thanks to the expiration of a boost from the 2009 stimulus bill. 
Reps. John Conyers (D-Mich.) and Barbara Lee (D-Calif.) have introduced a long-shot bill to prevent 
the drop. The surfer in the news reports, Jason Greenslate, did not respond to a request for comment 
on serving as the latest in a long line of examples of no-good food stamp recipients. 
Like everything else, I am sure that there is fraud and abuse in our food stamp program but the truth 
is that with 15% of the American population living in poverty and more than one in five children in the 
country living in households where food insecurity is a serious problem, the richest country in the 
world should be doing everything that it can to make sure that no one goes to bed hungry. This 
legislation is the same boondoggle that it is suppose to address. More importantly it doesn't address 
the problem, that in America tens of millions of people including millions of children are not getting 
enough food and nutrition. Therefore, if Congress wants to address food assistance, why don't they 
start with trying to find a way to make sure that no one goes to sleep hungry, especially children. 
An estimated 14.5 million American households had difficulty providing enough food for their families 
last year, according to a recent government report. In 7 million of those homes, at least one member of 
the family had to skip meals or eat less because money was tight. These numbers are more or less 
unchanged since 2008. 
W2. 
EFTA01133281
--- PAGE 7 ---
A U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Economic Research Service report measures how many 
households have to limit their food options or even skip meals because they cannot afford enough or 
healthier food. According to the report, between 2010 and 2012, an average of 20% of Mississippi 
households had low or very low food security. In that period, an average of one in 12 Arkansas 
households had at least one family member skip a meal or eat less because of a lack of money. These 
are the states where the most people go hungry. 
The states with the lowest food security, not surprisingly, are among the poorest in the country. In all 
to states, the median household income was less than the national median of $50,502. In Mississippi 
and Arkansas, the two worst states for food security, median income was less than $4O,OOO. Of the 10 
states with the lowest food security, eight had the highest poverty rates in the country. 
Prevalence of very low food security. 2012 
All households 
Household composition 
With children < 18 
With children < 6 
Married couples with children 
Single women with children 
Single men with children 
Other household with child 
With no children < 18 
More than one adu 
Women living alone 
Men living alone 
With elderly 
Elderly living alone 
Race/ethnicity of head 
White non-Hispanic 
Black non•Hispanic 
Hispanic 
Other 
Income-to-poverty ratio 
Under 1.00 
Under 1.30 
Under 1.85 
1.85 and over 
Income unknown 
Area of residence 
Inside metropolitan area 
In principal cities 
Not in principal citie 
Outside metropolitan area 
Census region 
Northeas 
Midwes 
South 
Wes 
Percent of households 
Source: Calculated by ERS using data from the December 2012 Current 
Population Survey Food Security Supplement. 
Ross Fraser, spokesperson for hunger-relief charity Feeding America, explained that having low food 
security does not necessarily mean families are starving. While people may feel full after eating, 
nutritious food is expensive. "Often, people have to make unfortunate choices about what they put in 
their stomachs." Fraser added. 
Indeed, according to a 2012 Gallup-Healthways survey, people in nine of the to states were less likely 
to eat healthily on a daily basis than the nation as a whole. Missouri and Tennessee were third and 
second worst in the country by this measure. 
It may surprise some that, in fact, the majority of the to states with food access problems have higher-
than-average obesity rates. Mississippi and Arkansas had the second and third highest obesity rates in 
EFTA01133282
--- PAGE 8 ---
the country in 2012. "The lack of healthy food among families in these states," explained Fraser, "is one 
of the reasons you have very poor people who are obese. It is because they're not able to afford 
nutritious and high protein food." 
Based on a three-year average between 2010 and 2012, the USDA's report, Household Food Security in 
the United States in 2012, identifies the states with the highest proportion of residents who had low or 
very low food security. The report measures how many households have low food security — defined as 
being able to eat three square meals a day, but forced to reduce the quality of the food they eat — and 
very low food security — defined as having food intake reduced and eating patterns disrupted because 
of a lack of affordability. The 2000-2002 and 2007-2009 averages also were considered. 24/7 Wall St. 
also reviewed poverty, income, education and food stamp recipiency data from the U.S. Census 
Bureau's 2011 American Community Survey, as well as the obesity and access to food data for 2012 
from the Gallup-Healthways 2012 Well-Being Index. 
These are the states where the most people go hungry. 
io. Ohio 
> Low food security homes: 16.1% 
> Very low food security homes: 7.1% (3rd highest) 
> Median household income: $45,749 (16th lowest) 
> Pct. obesity: 29.5% (8th highest) 
More than 16% of families in Ohio experienced low food security, meaning they had difficulty accessing 
food and had poor diet quality. This problem was even worse for some families. Ohio also had the third 
highest percentage of households in the nation, at 7.1%, that had experienced very low food security at 
some point. In these homes, at least one person had to reduce food intake or had their eating patterns 
disrupted by irregular access to food. 
9. Tennessee 
> Low food security homes: 16.2% 
> Very low food security homes: 6.9% (5th highest) 
> Median household income: $41,693 (6th lowest) 
> Pct. obesity: 29.6% (7th highest) 
More than 16% of Tennessee households faced food insecurity at some point. Like in most states, this 
number rose considerably from the decade before. In 2002, just 11.3% of households faced food 
insecurity at some point. Similarly, between 2002 and 2012, the average proportion of households 
facing very low food security more than doubled, from 3.3% to 6.9%. As of 2011,17.6% of homes 
received food stamps or Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits, more than all 
but two other states. Also, according to Gallup-Healthways, residents in Tennessee were less likely 
than Americans in almost any other state to eat healthily. 
8. Nevada 
> Low food security homes: 16.6% 
> Very low food security homes: 6.7% (8th highest) 
> Median household income: $48,927 (24th lowest) 
EFTA01133283
--- PAGE 9 ---
> Pct. obesity: 24.9% (15th lowest) 
Between 2002 and 2012, the percentage of households in Nevada that faced food insecurity rose from 
9.3% to 16.6%. This was the largest such increase in the nation. In those to years, the percentage of 
Nevadans facing very low food security jumped as well, from 3.3% in 2002 to 6.7% in 2012. A lack of 
access to food was hardly the only major constraint facing Nevada residents, who according to Gallup 
were less likely to have a doctor or health insurance than residents of nearly all other states as of 2012. 
7. Missouri 
> Low food security homes: 16.7% 
> Very low food security homes: 7.6% (2nd highest) 
> Median household income: $45,247 (15th lowest) 
> Pct. obesity: 27.2% (21st highest) 
According to a 2012 Gallup-Healthways survey, residents of just two other states were less likely than 
Missourians to eat healthily. The falling food security of many of the state's residents may play a role in 
their poor diets. Nearly 8% of households faced very low food security, the second highest percentage 
in the nation. This was up significantly from 3.3% in 2002, and the largest increase in the nation over 
the to-year period. 
6. Georgia 
> Low food security homes: 16.9% 
> Very low food security homes: 6.5% (10th highest) 
> Median household income: $46,007 (18th lowest) 
> Pct. obesity: 28.6% (14th highest) 
Several factors likely contribute to food insecurity in Georgia. Georgia had one of the nation's highest 
poverty rates in 2011, at 19.1% of all residents. Similarly, 6.4% of families earned less than $10,000 
annually as of 2011, one of the highest proportions in the nation. According to a 2012 Gallup survey, 
Georgia residents were among the most likely in the nation to have lacked money for food at some 
point. They also were more likely than most Americans to not have a doctor or health insurance 
coverage. 
5. North Carolina 
> Low food security homes: 17.0% 
> Very low food security homes: 5.5% (24th highest) 
> Median household income: $43,916 (12th lowest) 
> Pct. obesity: 28.9% (12th highest) 
While there are some prosperous regions of the state, North Carolina still has a substantial poverty 
problem. In 2011,17.9% of residents were living below the poverty line, the 13th highest rate in the 
country. More than one in five people surveyed in 2012 by Gallup-Healthways said they had not had 
enough money to buy food their family needed in the past 12 months. North Carolina's food security 
problems have worsened during the recession. In 2009,14.8% of families had low or very low food 
security. In 2012, it was 17% of families. 
EFTA01133284
--- PAGE 10 ---
4. Alabama 
> Low food security homes: 17.9% 
> Very low food security homes: 6.8% (7th highest) 
> Median household income: $41,415 (5th lowest) 
> Pct. obesity: 30.4% (5th highest) 
Alabama residents practiced less healthy behavior than most Americans as of 2012. Residents were 
among the most likely to smoke and the least likely to exercise and eat healthy all day. The lack of 
healthy eating habits may have been driven by low food security, which results in households reducing 
"the quality, variety, and desirability of their diets," according to the USDA. The combination of 
unhealthy behaviors and limited food access likely has led to Alabama residents being among the most 
overweight and unfit in the country. According to Gallup, just four states had higher obesity rates than 
Alabama in 2012. 
3. Texas 
> Low food security homes: 18.4% 
> Very low food security homes: 6.2% (13th highest) 
> Median household income: $49,392 (25th highest) 
> Pct. obesity: 28.9% (12th highest) 
In 2002, close to 15% of Texas households faced low food security each year. By 2012, 18.4% of Texas 
households experienced low food security. For many residents, low incomes likely prevent access to 
healthy food. As of 2011, Texas had a poverty rate of 18.5%, among the higher rates in the nation. 
Additionally, many residents in Texas lack the skills to work a high-paying job. Nearly DA of the 
state's population over age 25 had less than a high school diploma, tying Texas with Mississippi for the 
highest percentage of any state. 
2. Arkansas 
> Low food security homes: 19.7% 
> Very low food security homes: 8.1% (the highest) 
> Median household income: $38,758 (3rd lowest) 
> Pct. obesity: 31.4% (3rd highest) 
Last year, Arkansas had proportionally more households with very low food security than any other 
state in the nation, averaging 8.1% of all households. Making it difficult for many residents to afford 
proper food, Arkansas was one of the nation's poorest states as of 2011. That year, the median 
household income was less than $39,000 and one of the lowest in the country. Meanwhile, nearly 20% 
of the state's residents lived below the poverty line. With limited, irregular access to nutritious and 
balanced food, residents were among the most likely to be overweight, based on the results of a 2012 
Gallup survey. 
1. Mississippi 
> Low food security homes: 20.9% 
EFTA01133285
--- PAGE 11 ---
> Very low food security homes: 6.9% (5th highest) 
> Median household income: $36,919 (the lowest) 
> Pct. obesity: 32.2% (2nd highest) 
One in every five households experienced food insecurity in Mississippi. Residents of the state were 
among the poorest in the nation in recent years by numerous measures. In 2011, Mississippi had the 
lowest median household income in the nation, at $36,919, as well as its highest poverty rate, at 22.6% 
of all residents. Last year, one in four respondents to a Gallup survey stated they had, at some point, 
lacked the money necessary to feed their family. Even when residents could ensure they did not have to 
cut back on their meals because of low food security, many likely often had to eat nutritionally poor 
food. Mississippi residents had among the highest obesity rates in the country. 
****** 
As Chris Matthews said last week on HARDBALL on MSMBC, there's something strange and 
frightening emerging in American politics. I don't think it's right to call it politics in the same sense. 
There are dozens on the right who are trying to jeopardize the American economy by defaulting on the 
debt. They want to basically kill the affordable care act in its crib. That's the threat, that's what the 
demand is, and it's now all out there for all to see. I can't remember when the political party did 
something like this. It could throw the market into a tailspin and whack our 401(k)'s into a fare thee 
well. So what justification does the right wing of this country have for the senseless assault on the 
credit rating which happened the last time they pulled this tactic? What's the end game in which the 
world watches us as the country defaces itself. It achieves nothing, kills whatever's in its path. This is 
how i look at it. And I hate to see what I see because I still believe despite this hard evidence in the 
rights of self-government. 
I would understand if the Republican opposition had a solution to fix America's disgusting healthcare 
inequality and broken healthcare system, but they don't. It appears all that they want to do is kill the 
President's signature accomplishment to nullify his Presidency. And if this wasn't bad enough, the 
Republican right in the House of Representatives are threatening to not raise the debt ceiling limit, 
that enables the government pay obligations that Congress approved. Two years ago when 
Republicans suggested that they would shut down the government the stock market lost 1760 points, 
the DOW just dived, hurting everyone's 401(k), which the Wall Street Journal in its lead editorial 
last week called "kamikaze politics." So why are they willing to shut down the government on October 
1, 2013. 
Obamacare may not be perfect, (I for one would have like to seen national health single payer 
system) but at least it is heading in the right direction, so we have to truly ask why the Republican 
Right in Congress are willing to bring the government when they know that it will our weak economic 
recovery. They refuse to recognize that we have divided government. And they refuse to recognize that 
the Congress passed Obamacare, the Supreme Court said it was constitutional and they want to keep 
having this same fight over and over again, much like Bill Murray in the film, Ground Hog Day. 
You would also understand if they had the support of the American public, but in a recent CNN poll, a 
majority of Americans will blame republicans if congress, if the government is shut down. While only 
33% will blame President Obama. 
Let's be honest here, at the core this is about race. In the way that Southerners often describe the 
sedition of the Southern states as noble, they are trying to paint everything and anything that President 
Obama does as sardonic. When the truth is that Obamacare is based on the highly successful health 
care legislation instituted by Mitt Romney when he was Governor of Massachusetts, which was based 
on recommendations from the Republican think-tank, Heritage Foundation. And to hold the entire 
economy hostage in an attempt to kill it borders on sedition. My father was a proud Republican 
leader, who loved Dwight Eisenhower, Nelson Rockefeller, Jacob Javits and John V. Lindsey. The 
Republican Party was the political party of Abe Lincoln. Jackie Robinson, Sojourner Truth, Martin 
Luther King, Malcolm X, Booker T. Washington and Eldridge Cleaver were proud Republicans. Today, 
none of the above mention whites could get nominated in a Republican Primary nor would any of the 
notable Blacks would be attracted to the party. 
EFTA01133286
--- PAGE 12 ---
Bill O'Reilly Blames 'Fanaticism' For Obamacare 
Defunding Fight 
Web Link: 
Bill O'Reilly dismissed Republican attempts to defund Obamacare on his Thursday show, calling it an 
example of "fanaticism." 
The GOP has been riven by internal conflicts between members who want to vote to defund the health 
care program once again, and members who have said the effort is doomed. 
O'Reilly apparently agreed with the latter, as he made clear on his show. 
"Fanaticism on the right is also harming the country," he said, adding, "There is no way Obamacare 
is going to be defended. It is not going to happen." 
O'Reilly then spoke to Tea Party Express chair Amy Kremer, who wants to defund the program. 
"What you are trying to do...is impossible," he said. "Do you not know that?" He added, "I just think 
it's destructive to your cause." 
Last week, I included a op-ed in The Washington Post by Chris Cillizza — Compromise IS a 
dirty word - where he cites a poll that indicated that the word "compromise" — or "consensus" —
amounts to capitulation in many peoples' minds. When ask, voter clearly say that they want leaders 
who listen and work together but reaching consensus somewhere in the middle ground between right 
and left is not good enough. They want candidates with new ideas that go beyond the stale and stalled 
partisan agendas of both sides. We have politicians who are willing to bomb Iran if it were to develop a 
nuclear weapon capability, yet these same politicians are willing to shut down the government. So in 
addition to compromise, we need common sense and we need to challenge our political leaders to go 
beyond their partisan bickering and work like Marines and in the worlds of Alexander Dumas, "One for 
All and All for One." 
THIS WEEK's READINGS 
EFTA01133287
--- PAGE 13 ---
mass shootings us 
When 13 people died in a shooting rampage at the Navy Yard in Washington, D.C., on Monday, the 
story made front page news. Yet many of the mass shootings that have happened since the massacre of 
elementary school students and teachers in Newtown, Conn., last December didn't. The FBI's 
definition of mass murder is the slaying of four or more people. There have been at least 17 such 
tragedies already this year where the victims were gunned down, but shootings related to drug or gang 
violence often get less attention than those perpetrated by a crazed gunman. 
The Huffington Post combed through a variety of news sources, including Reddit's community-
generated database of mass shootings, and came up with this graphic, which may be incomplete. 
Killing sprees that occurred in more than one location were counted, but mass shootings that unfolded 
over more than one day, such as the string of homicides committed by ex-cop Christopher Dormer in 
Los Angeles, were not. This is just one small and somewhat arbitrary measure of gun violence, but it 
shows that mass shootings have become too common for each to be treated as a national event. Guns 
have killed about 24,580 Americans since Newtown, according to Slate's estimate based on data from 
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
Mass Shootings Since Newtown 
Sept. 16, 2013 - Washington, D.C. -13 dead (including gunman) 
Defense contract employee and former Navy reservist Aaron Alexis, 34, allegedly opened fire shortly 
after 8 a.m. inside building 197 in the Washington Navy Yard, killing 12 people and wounding more 
than a dozen others. Alexis was slain in a gun battle with police. 
EFTA01133288
--- PAGE 14 ---
Sept. 11, 2013 - Crab Orchard, Tenn. - 4 dead 
Jacob Allen Bennett, 26, was arrested in the shooting deaths of a woman and three teenagers. Their 
bodies were found in a car about 5o miles west of Knoxville, Tenn. 
August 14, 2013 - Oklahoma City, Okla. - 4 dead 
Daniel Livingston Green, 40, was arrested on four counts of first-degree murder, after his mother, 
sister and her two children were discovered fatally shot inside their home. 
August 11, 2013 - Omaha, Neb. - 4 dead 
Nikko Jenkins, 26, was arrested for allegedly shooting four people in the head. Police say 
three of the four victims had no connection to Jenkins. 
July 26, 2013 — Hialeah, Fla. -- 7 dead (including gunman) 
Shooter Pedro Vargas killed six neighbors in a rampage after setting fire to his apartment complex. 
He was later shot and killed by police. 
June 7, 2013 — Santa Monica, Calif. — 6 dead (including gunman) 
Shooter John Zawahri killed his father and brother before going on a shooting spree on and around 
the campus of Santa Monica College that claimed the lives of four more and injured others. 
April 24, 2013 — Manchester, Ill. — 5 dead 
A shooter rocked the small town of Manchester when he killed five, including two children, at a 
federal housing complex. The gunman later died of gunshot wounds sustained during a shootout 
with police. 
April 21, 2013 — Federal Way, Wash. — 5 dead (including gunman) 
After shooting and killing his girlfriend, a gunman gunned down three more neighbors in an 
apparent attempt to eliminate all witnesses. He was later killed by police. 
March 13, 2013 — Herkimer County, N.Y. — 5 dead (including gunman), one FBI K-9 dead 
Kurt Myers, 64, shot six people, killing four, before holing up in an abandoned building. He later 
killed an FBI K-9 officer during a shootout in which he was eventually killed. 
Dec. 14, 2012 -- Newtown, Conn. — 27 dead (including gunman) 
The shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary was the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history, 
leaving 27 dead -- including 20 young children. 
EFTA01133289
--- PAGE 15 ---
A HUFFINGTON POST GRAPHIC 
The Year In Mass Shootings 
H 
Since Newtown, there have been at least 17 mass shootings, each killing four or more people other than 
the shooter. The Navy Yard shooting Monday was the deadliest. 
Washington. D.C. 
Manchester, 
Wuergue. 
Federal 
Way, 
Ill. 
Fernley. 
5- 
Nev. 
Santa Monica. 
Calif. 
Hialeah, Fla. 
Omaha, Neb. 
Oklahoma 
City 
4, 
Gab Orcard. 
Tenn. 
Wash. 
t 
Dallas 
Tulsa. 
Old a. 
Herkimer 
County, N.Y. 
Nana, 
Ohio 
Waynesville, 
Ind. 
• 
Clarksburg, 
W. Va. 
I Chicago 41 
7 
• 
4. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
41 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
II 
• 
• 
• 
• • • • • • • • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
JAN. 
boil 
r JULY 
AUG 
sari
•
Federal 
Way Wash. 
Total mom* latatties in red number 
Omaha, Neb. 
• 
Soma Mona, 
Calif. 
fa 
a
Manchester, WS
Waynesville, 
Clarksburg, Washington, D.C. 
Ind.•OW. 
Ye. 
rF 
Tulsa Oklil
, 
e., 
el .____, L, Tennii
-
CouM
i
Hetki or 
.Y. 
Akron, Ohio 
Or 
Oa.
Mr 
Crab Orthard,/ 
Hialeah, Fla 
Fatakies not 
inducing des 
shooter 
Note: Data collected from various databases and news reports and may be incomplete. 
Sources: NBC. ThinkProgress. Mocha:Jones. Associated Press. Business Insider, 
NewsOK. CNN. 71,, Charlerton Guette 
THE HUFFINGTON POST 
Obviously we need stronger gun control law but the truth is that more 3o% of the people killed in 
America are not killed with firearms so we have to acknowledge that there is an unprecedented rage of 
EFTA01133290
--- PAGE 16 ---
violence in our country. There were 11,000 gun-related murders a year in the U.S. in contrast to 39 
gun-related murders in Great Britain last year. Granted we are six times bigger, but still if they were 
our size there would only have had 24o murders verses our 11,000. Yes today's popular culture of 
violent movies and internet games in America have contributed to this psyche, but no more than in 
Great Britain or Japan (population of 127.6 million) where in 2012 only 11 people died from gun-
related homicides. 
Lets be honest, we are an extremely violent society right from the top to the bottom -- from our foreign 
policy to our lowest basic entertainment, we seem to be thrilled by violence and death. This culture of 
violence is destructive, as it has infected our entire society. Obviously there is a plus side to our 
cowboy mentality of exploration and the quest for new frontiers, as well as the freedoms that we see as 
our birthright. But we have to ask — what is this dark side that causes so many Americans to view 
killing as a tool to achieve a solution and that causes some to want to kill a lot of people at once and 
fast. Again, accessibility to guns contribute greatly, as well as mental illness (or the lack of treatment, 
and the media which glorifies outrageous behavior from Al Capone and John Gotti to Rambo and Iron 
Man. 
Let's remember that violent crimes and murders has declined precipitously over the last 20 years, 
almost half, mass murders has not. Obviously, impulse rage whereby deranged gunmen try to kill as 
many people as they can, as fast as they can with the most lethal firearms that they can get should 
frighten any sane society and its politicians to enact laws to try to stem this craziness and the first 
sensible that we could do is to strengthen background checks, impose waiting periods for purchasing a 
gun, so you just can't buy a gun right away 
 the allowing a cooling off period for rage full people to 
cool off. This is just common sense.... We almost went to war in the Middle East over the use of 
weapons of mass destruction, while the NRA and other lobbyist groups are fighting tooth and nail to 
stop any sensible gun legislation. This is just plain crazy 
So how many more Americans have to die 
via gun violence, before something is done. 
EFTA01133291
--- PAGE 17 ---
Although it hasn't received as much attention and outrage as the mass shooting in Washington, DC 
earlier this week a gunman with a military-grade assault rifle opened fire on a pickup basketball game 
in a playground in a residential neighborhood in Chicago late Thursday, injuring 13 people, wounding 
a 3-year-old boy and a dozen other people. All are expected to survive, many with wounds to their arms 
and legs. At least 16 bullets were fired into Cornell Square Park around loa5 p.m. Shell casings 
found around the blood-soaked basketball courts were 7.62 mm rounds, which are traditionally used 
in AK-47 assault rifles and rarely found in gang attacks on Chicago's South Side. Though gun violence 
has long plagued the city's impoverished neighborhoods, offenders almost never use military-style 
weapons. "It's a miracle there has been no fatality," Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said at a 
news conference this morning. "Illegal guns, illegal guns, illegal guns drive violence....A military-grade 
weapon on the streets of Chicago is simply unacceptable." 
The park is in a heavily gang-infested area, but it is not in a so-called impact zone flooded by officers to 
deter crime, McCarthy said. The nearest zones are three blocks to the north and three blocks to the 
south, leaving the Cornell Square as a no man's land protected only by occasional patrols and an 11 
p.m. curfew. 
About 45 minutes before the park's closing time, at least one gunman walked to the basketball court in 
the i800 block of West 51st Street and opened fire, police said. The 13 people hit included both the 
pick-up game's players and spectators such as 3-year-old Deonta Howard. Authorities do not have 
anyone in custody and are currently reviewing police cameras mounted nearby. There could be as 
many as three offenders, officials said. The first paramedics on scene found more than a dozen people 
lying across the rust-colored court. One person lay near a bicycle that was on its side. A pair of white 
gym shoes were left near an out-of-bounds line. Ambulances continued to arrive a half hour after the 
shootings as wounded people — including a 15-year-old boy and a 17-year-old girl — were carried out on 
stretchers. About 6o police officers converged on the park and crime lab investigators combed the 
scene. Witnesses say Deonta was the first to be carried away. The images again captured the world's 
attention as international media organizations ran stories about the shooting and foreign reporters 
attended a Friday morning press conference at police headquarters. 
The incident appeared problematic enough for Mayor Rahm Emanuel to cancel a meeting with Obama 
administration cabinet secretaries today on city issues and return to Chicago, his spokeswoman Sarah 
Hamilton said. Emanuel flew to D.C. Thursday to raise money for his campaign fund. His East Coast 
swing also was supposed to include a political fundraiser for Democratic New Jersey U.S. Senate 
candidate Cory Booker. Upon his return, Emanuel spent 4o minutes at Mount Sinai Hospital, where 
he spoke with Deonta's mother. The boy, who remains in critical condition, was sedated and being 
prepared for surgery during the visit. The mayor did not speak with reporters, but released a 
statement asking the community to cooperate with the investigation. "Senseless and brazen acts of 
violence have no place in Chicago and betray all that we stand for," Emanuel said in a statement. "The 
perpetrators of this crime will be brought to justice and prosecuted to the full extent of the law. I 
encourage everyone in the community to step forward with any information and everyone in Chicago 
to continue their individual efforts to build stronger communities where violence has no place." 
The shootings came just days after the FBI released crime data showing that Chicago had more 
murders than New York in 2012. McCarthy argued Friday that the statistics were old news and did not 
represent the progress made in the city, where the murder rate has dropped by 20 percent over the 
past year. 
Ald. Willie Cochran, a retired police sergeant whose redrawn ward will include Cornell Square in 2015, 
acknowledged the shootings landed a damaging blow against the city's crime-fighting efforts. "It's a 
setback because we've been focusing so much attention on suppressing crime," he said. "If you look at 
where we were last year and where we are this year, it shows that. But the perception of crime is 
greater than the crime itself. While law enforcement has been implementing programs, putting more 
officers on the street on overtime initiatives, it only takes one incident like this to change the whole 
perception of the reality." 
EFTA01133292
--- PAGE 18 ---
Police listed the victims as: 
• A 3-year-old boy, shot in the ear, in critical condition at Mount Sinai 
• A 17-year-old girl, shot in the foot, condition stabilized at Holy Cross Hospital 
• A 15-year-old boy shot in the arm, stabilized at Holy Cross 
• A man, 27, shot in the leg and wrist, serious condition at Mount Sinai 
• A man, 24, shot twice in the stomach, serious condition at Mount Sinai 
• A man, 21, shot in the leg, serious condition at Mount Sinai 
• A man, 41, shot in the buttocks, serious condition at John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital 
• A woman, 33, shot in the shoulder, condition stabilized at Northwestern Memorial Hospital 
• A man, 31, shot in the buttocks, condition stabilized at Northwestern 
• A woman, 23, shot in the foot, condition stabilized at St. Anthony Hospital 
• A man, 37, shot in the leg, in good condition at Stroger 
• A man, 25, shot in the knee, in good condition at Northwestern 
• And a man, 33, who drove himself to Little Company of Mary Hospital in Evergreen Park with a 
gunshot wound to the leg and who was treated and released. 
We have to ask ourselves when enough is enough. We have Congress holding hearings because four 
Americans were killed in a war zone in Libya, yet this same Congress seems impervious to the daily 
carnage that is happening on our city streets and in our rural communities. It was a shame that 
Ambassador Chris Stephens was killed, but when local citizens can't enjoy breakfast before heading off 
to their jobs or are mowed down while watching a pickup basketball game in their local playground, we 
need to do something aggressively and radical. Conservatives will tell you that it is a mental health 
issue, yet Conservatives/Republicans in Congress have cut funding for mental health. But the truth is 
that America has more guns than people and it is obvious that gun availability is the largest 
contributing factor to gun violence. As such, and in spite of our Second Amendment rights and the 
EFTA01133293
--- PAGE 19 ---
NRA, the next war that America should consider is a war against guns, because we live in a society 
where more than 11,000 people are killed each year in gun violence and the two ways to stem this 
trend is through an aggressive campaign to get rid of military style weapons and expand mental 
treatment. Anything less is just BS.... 
Conservatives like to tell you that the 'free market" is a cure all (aspirin) to both administrate and fix 
any economic problem and is natural and inevitable, existing outside and beyond government. So 
whatever inequality or insecurity it generates is beyond our control. And whatever ways we might seek 
to reduce inequality or insecurity -- to make the economy work for us -- are unwarranted constraints 
on the market's freedom, and will inevitably go wrong. By this view, if some people aren't paid enough 
to live on, the market has determined they aren't worth enough. If others rake in billions, they must be 
worth it. If millions of Americans remain unemployed or their paychecks are shrinking or they work 
two or three part-time jobs with no idea what they'll earn next month or next week, that's too bad; it's 
just the outcome of the market. 
According to this logic, government shouldn't intrude through minimum wages, high taxes on top 
earners, public spending to get people back to work, regulations on business, or anything else, because 
the "free market" knows best. This week in The Huffington Post, famed economist Robert Reich 
posted — The Myth of the 'Free Market' and How to Make the Economy Workfor Us -
saying the following. 
In reality, the "free market" is a bunch of rules about (i) what can be owned and traded (the genome? 
slaves? nuclear materials? babies? votes?); (2) on what terms (equal access to the internet? the right 
to organize unions? corporate monopolies? the length of patent protections? ); (3) under what 
conditions (poisonous drugs? unsafe foods? deceptive Ponzi schemes? uninsured derivatives? 
dangerous workplaces?) (4) what's private and what's public (police? roads? clean air and clean 
water? healthcare? good schools? parks and playgrounds?); (5) how to pay for what (taxes, user 
fees, individual pricing?). And so on. 
These rules don't exist in nature; they are human creations. Governments don't "intrude" on free 
markets; governments organize and maintain them. Markets aren't 'free" of rules; the rules define 
them. 
The interesting question is what the rules should seek to achieve. They can be designed to maximize 
efficiency (given the current distribution of resources), or growth (depending on what we're willing to 
sacrifice to obtain that growth), or fairness (depending on our ideas about a decent society). Or some 
combination of all three -- which aren't necessarily in competition with one another. Evidence 
suggests, for example, that if prosperity were more widely shared, we'd have faster growth. 
The rules can even be designed to entrench and enhance the wealth of a few at the top, and keep 
almost everyone else comparatively poor and economically insecure. Which brings us to the central 
political question: Who should decide on the rules, and their major purpose? If our democracy was 
working as it should, presumably our elected representatives, agency heads, and courts would be 
making the rules roughly according to what most of us want the rules to be. The economy would be 
working for us; we wouldn't be working for the economy. 
One of the most deceptive ideas continuously sounded by The Right (and its fathomless think tanks 
and media outlets) is that the 'free market" Instead, the rules are being made mainly by those with 
the power and resources to buy the politicians, regulatory heads, and even the courts (and the lawyers 
who appear before them). As income and wealth have concentrated at the top, so has political clout. 
And the most important clout is determining the rules of the game. 
Not incidentally, these are the same people who want you and most others to believe in the fiction of 
an immutable 'free market." If we want to reduce the savage inequalities and insecurities that are now 
undermining our economy and democracy, we shouldn't be deterred by the myth of the 'free market." 
EFTA01133294
--- PAGE 20 ---
We can make the economy work for us, rather than the other way around. But in order to change the 
rules, we must exert the power that is supposed to be ours. 
Last year, household income remained effectively unchanged, according to data released this week by 
the U.S. Census Bureau. This is despite the fact that the U.S. added nearly 2.2 million jobs in 2012. 
"The big story is that everything was stagnant over the year" said Economic Policy Institute's Elise 
Gould. "We're stagnant, and continue to be in bad place." 
While the economy continues to struggle, residents in the wealthiest states continued to make far more 
than in the poorest. In 2012, Maryland remained the richest state in the country, with a median 
household income of $71,221. Mississippi was again the poorest, with an income of $37,095 — nearly 
half that of Maryland's. 
Despite the addition of jobs nationwide, median incomes remained stagnant in most states and were 
still generally below their 2008 levels, adjusted for inflation. Sheldon Danziger, president of the 
Russell Sage Foundation, explained that this has been the nature of the recovery. "We have an 
economy that continues to grow, with most of the gains going to the economic elite. I don't see any 
bright prospects for the median worker, much less the poor." 
States with lower median incomes generally had much higher rates of poverty than the national rate. 
All of the lo states with the lowest median income in 2012 also had among the highest poverty rates in 
the country. While 15.9% of Americans fell below the poverty line in 2012, nearly one in four 
Mississippians did. 
Employment is one of the biggest factors affecting income. In some states with lower unemployment, a 
higher share of the households had steady income, which bolsters the state's median. In many of the 
highest-income states, like New Hampshire, Minnesota and Hawaii, unemployment in 2012 was less 
than 6%, compared to a national rate of 8.1%. 
Elise Gould, Director of Health Policy for Economic Policy Institute, explained that unemployment 
rates can have a significant effect on a state's household income. "When we're talking about average 
families and poor families, the vast majority of income comes from wages. So it's about jobs." Gould 
cautioned, however, that unemployment rates do not tell the full story. 
Unemployment rates, for example, ignore those people who have given up looking for work or accept 
part-time work. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while 8.1% of American workers were 
unemployed in 2012,14.7% were underemployed, meaning they wanted to work full time but could 
not. This was an increase from roughly io% in 2008. 
The types of jobs available in each state also affect income. A review of Census Bureau industry 
composition data shows that people in most of the states with a higher median income were often 
more likely to be employed in information, finance, professional and other positions that tend to pay 
higher salaries. Maryland, the wealthiest state in the country, had the highest percentage of workers in 
professional, scientific and management positions. 
At the same time, many of the low-income states had smaller percentages of these professional 
occupations and higher rates of employment in retail, manufacturing and transportation. The high 
proportion of manufacturing jobs in low-income states might be surprising, but, explained Danziger, 
the makeup of the manufacturing industry in the country has changed. 
"There's a difference between unionized auto company workers and non-unionized parts suppliers," 
Danziger said. "Even when manufacturers haven't cut wages, they are adopting labor-saving 
technological change." 
EFTA01133295
--- PAGE 21 ---
To identify the states with the highest and lowest median household income, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed 
state data on income from the U.S. Census Bureau's 2012 American Community Survey (ACS). Based 
on Census treatment, median household income for all years is adjusted for inflation. We also 
reviewed unemployment data provided by the Bureau of Labor Statistics for 2012, as well as 2012 ACS 
data on health insurance coverage, employment and poverty. 
These are America's richest and poorest states. 
America's Richest States 
in. Delaware 
> Median household income: $58,415 
> Population: 917,092 (6th lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 7.1% (tied-23rd lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 12.0% (12th lowest) 
Delaware's median household income declined from more than $62,000 in 2008 to $58,415 last year 
— still well above the national median. One reason for this may be the relatively large number of 
workers in finance, insurance and real estate. These jobs, which tend to pay well, accounted for almost 
io% of employment in the state. Delaware also had a high percentage of residents with health 
insurance, with only 8.8% lacking coverage. 
9. Minnesota 
> Median household income: $58,906 
> Population: 5,379,139 (21st highest) 
> Unemployment rate: 5.6% (9th lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 11.4% (7th lowest) 
Minnesota had one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country last year, at 5.6%, compared to a 
national rate of 8.9%. Most of the states with high median household incomes also had smaller 
populations of impoverished residents, and Minnesota was no exception. The state's poverty rate was 
among the lowest in the nation, at 11.4%. Further, just 3.3% of Minnesota households earned an 
income of less than $io,000 in 2012, compared to a national rate of 5.o%. 
8. Virginia 
> Median household income: $61,741 
> Population: 8,185,867 (12th highest) 
> Unemployment rate: 5.9% (13th lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 11.7% (9th lowest) 
Median household income in Virginia declined from over $65,000 in 2008 to an estimated $61,741 
last year. The unemployment rate improved from 6.4% in 2011 to 5.9% last year. Nearly io% of 
Virginian households earned at least $200,000 in 2012, one of the highest rates nationally. One reason 
for these high incomes may be the concentration of high-skilled jobs in professional, scientific and 
EFTA01133296
--- PAGE 22 ---
management fields, which can pay well. Individuals in occupations within these groups accounted for 
15% of Virginia's workforce, more than any state except Maryland. 
7. New Hampshire 
> Median household income: $63,280 
> Population: 1,32°,718 (9th lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 5.5% (8th lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: io.o% (the lowest) 
In addition to being one of the wealthiest states in the nation, New Hampshire also had the lowest 
poverty rate last year. Just io% of people in the state had an income that placed them below the 
poverty line, versus nearly 16% nationwide. Similarly, just 2.7% of households earned less than 
$1o,000 in 2012 - again the lowest rate in the nation and nearly half the national rate of 5%. Also 
demonstrating how well residents in the state are doing, just 8.3% of households received food stamps 
in 2012, the lowest percentage in the nation, while the state had an unemployment rate of only 5.5%. 
6. Massachusetts 
> Median household income: $65,339 
> Population: 6,646,144 (14th highest) 
> Unemployment rate: 6.7% (16th lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 11.9% (11th lowest) 
Massachusetts was one of just four states with a significant increase in median household income 
between 2011 and 2012. Last year, median household income rose to $65,339, from $64,311 the year 
before. The many colleges and universities in the Boston area are a major source of high-paying jobs in 
the state. Nearly 28% of working residents in Massachusetts were employed in education, health care 
or social assistance, the most in the nation. Additionally, just 3.9% of the state's population lacked 
health insurance last year, lowest of all 50 states and well below the 14.8% figure nationwide. This may 
be partly because of the state's own health care reform measures, passed in 2006. These reforms are 
often seen as a model for the federal government's 2010 Affordable Care Act. 
5. Hawaii 
> Median household income: $66,259 
> Population: 1,392,313 (11th lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 5.8% (12th lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 11.6% (8th lowest) 
Over 16% of people in Hawaii worked in arts and entertainment, recreation, accommodation and food 
services last year, the second highest percentage in the country. This reflects the state's strong 
retirement and tourism economy. The unemployment rate in Hawaii declined only slightly in 2012 
from the year before, but remained well below the U.S. rate, at just 5.8%. Over that time, Hawaii was 
also one of a handful of states to see a meaningful increase in income. Median household income rose 
by more than $3,000, to $66,259. 
4. Connecticut 
EFTA01133297
--- PAGE 23 ---
> Median household income: $67,276 
> Population: 3,590,347 (22nd lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 8.4% (tied-14th highest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 10.7% (4th lowest) 
Connecticut's median household income fell considerably from 2008, when a typical family in the state 
took in $73,075 annually. This mirrored broader trends in the rest of the U.S., as nationwide median 
household income fell from over $55,000 in 2008 to $51,371 in 2012. Still, 11.3% of the state's 
households earned at least $200,000 in 2012, the most in the U.S. Connecticut also remains one of the 
states with the worst income inequality in the nation, ahead of only New York. 
3. Alaska 
> Median household income: $67,712 
> Population: 731,449 (4th lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 7.0% (22nd lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 10.1% (2nd lowest) 
In spite of Alaska's high median household income — and the nation's second-lowest poverty rate —
over 2o% of the population did not have health insurance last year, more than all but two other states. 
This could be due in part to the state's high volume of seasonal employees, who are much less likely to 
have health insurance. Alaska's oil production also bolsters residents' income, with most collecting 
dividend payments from the state's reinvested oil savings. 
2. New Jersey 
> Median household income: $69,667 
> Population: 8,864,590 (nth highest) 
> Unemployment rate: 9.5% (tied-5th highest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: io.8% (5th lowest) 
The median household income in New Jersey was just shy of $70,000 in 2012. This was due in part to 
the large number of especially wealthy households. More than 11% of households had an income of at 
least $200,000 in 2012, a higher percentage than any other state except Connecticut, and nearly 
double the national rate. But not all residents were well off in 2012. The state's unemployment rate for 
the year was 9.5%, among the highest in the nation. Also, the percentage of households that depended 
on food stamps rose from 8.o% in 2011 to 9.3% last year. This mirrored a nationwide trend: The 
number of American households on food stamps rose to from 13.0% to 13.6% between 2011 and 2012. 
1. Maryland 
> Median household income: $71,122 
> Population: 5,884,563 (19th highest) 
> Unemployment rate: 6.8% (17th lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 10.3% (3rd lowest) 
EFTA01133298
--- PAGE 24 ---
Maryland was the only state in the country with a median household income to exceed $70,000 in 
both 2011 and 2012. Also, nearly ii% of households in Maryland earned $200,000 or more last year, 
the third-highest percentage in the nation and dose to double the national rate of 5.9%. People in 
Maryland were more likely to be employed and to hold good jobs. Just 6.8% of the workforce was 
unemployed in 2012, compared to 8.1% nationwide. Conversely, 15.5% of the workforce, the highest 
percentage in the nation, were employed in professional, scientific and management occupations, 
which are generally high skill and high pay. 
America's Poorest States 
to. Oklahoma 
> Median household income: $44,312 
> Population: 3,814,820 (23rd lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 5.2% (tied-5th lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 17.2% (tied-15th highest) 
Oklahoma's median household income was $7,000 less than the national median in 2012. The state 
also ranked among the lowest in the country for health insurance coverage, with more than 18% of the 
population lacking coverage as of last year. However, median household income did not decline as 
much as it did in the rest of the country during the recession. Between 2008 and 2012, the national 
median income fell by nearly $4,000, but in Oklahoma the drop was just slightly over $1,000. With the 
state's economy heavily reliant on the energy industry, rising oil prices helped cushion the effects of 
the recession. 
9. South Carolina 
> Median household income: $43,107 
> Population: 4,723,723 (24th highest) 
> Unemployment rate: 9.1% (tied-7th highest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 18.3% (9th highest) 
Like many states, South Carolina's median household income declined substantially between 2008 
and 2012 - from $47,157 to $43,107. While unemployment fell considerably between 2011 and 2012, 
South Carolina still had one of the highest unemployment rates in the country last year. Like a number 
of the states with low median household incomes, South Carolina had a higher-than-average 
concentration of jobs in manufacturing, at 13.8% of all workers, compared to a national rate of 10.5%. 
8. Louisiana 
> Median household income: $42,944 
> Population: 4,601,893 (25th highest) 
> Unemployment rate: 6.4% (15th lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 19.9% (3rd highest) 
Almost 20% of Louisiana residents lived below the poverty line in 2012, better only than Mississippi 
and New Mexico. Last year, nearly 18% of households in the state received food stamps, four 
percentage points above the national rate. Income inequality in the state has become worse in the past 
EFTA01133299
--- PAGE 25 ---
decade. As measured by the Gini index, Louisiana is among the five states with the highest income 
equality. It also had the fourth-highest percentage of households earning less than $10,000 in 2012. 
7. Tennessee 
> Median household income: $42,764 
> Population: 6,456,243 (17th highest) 
> Unemployment rate: 8.o% (tied-19th highest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 17.9% (tied-11th highest) 
Tennessee's unemployment rate fell from 9.3% to just 8.o% between 2011 and 2012, one of the largest 
drops in the nation. However, by many other measures, the state did not improve much in that time. 
Tennessee's median household income of less than $43,000 and its poverty rate of nearly 18% were 
both effectively unchanged from the year before. The state also had one of the highest percentages of 
residents who received food stamps in 2012, at 17.7%. While Tennessee rates poorly by most measures, 
only 13.9% of residents lacked health insurance, better than the 14.8% figure nationwide. 
6. New Mexico 
> Median household income: $42,558 
> Population: 2,085,538 (15th lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 6.9% (tied-19th lowest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 20.8% (2nd highest) 
New Mexico's median household income was among the lowest in the country in 2012, but its poverty 
rate was an even larger problem. More than one in five residents lived below the poverty line in 2012, 
one of just two states where that was the case. An estimated 7.6% of all households were in extreme 
poverty, earning less than $10,000 per year. This was the highest percentage of any state except 
Mississippi. The percentage of households receiving food stamps rose from 15.4% in 2011 to 16.5% last 
year, among the highest rates in the country. 
5. Kentucky 
> Median household income: $41,724 
> Population: 4,380,415 (25th lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 8.2% (tied-17th highest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 19.4% (5th highest) 
Kentucky is, by many measures, one of the most poverty-stricken states in the nation. The state's 
19.4% poverty rate in 2012 was worse than all but four states. Additionally, more than 18.0% of 
residents received food stamps in 2012, higher than all but two states and up from 17.4% the year 
before. Among the more positive developments for the state, the unemployment rate fell from 9.5% to 
8.2%. But recently, concerns have risen over the state's coal jobs. Demand for coal has declined due to 
low natural gas prices, as well as tougher emission controls. 
4. Alabama 
> Median household income: 841,574 
EFTA01133300
--- PAGE 26 ---
> Population: 4,822,023 (23rd highest) 
> Unemployment rate: 7.3% (tied-22nd highest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 19.0% (7th highest) 
After falling by 1.4 percentage points, the unemployment rate in Alabama was just 7.3%, well below the 
national rate in 2012. Despite this improvement, families in the state still did not make very much 
money last year, with 6.7% of households earning less than $10,000. Only Mississippi and New Mexico 
had higher percentages living on so little. About one in six households relied on food stamps in 2012, 
making Alabama among the 10 states most dependent on these benefits. Despite the high level of 
poverty, only 13.3% of Alabama residents lacked health insurance last year, better than the national 
rate. 
3. West Virginia 
> Median household income: $40,196 
> Population: 1,855,413 (13th lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 7.3% (tied-22nd highest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 17.8% (13th highest) 
While incomes declined across the country from 2008 to 2012, West Virginia's median household 
income was effectively unchanged. Unfortunately, the state's median income was still the third lowest 
in the U.S. The state had a high proportion of people employed in low-earning jobs, including retail, 
agriculture, forestry and fishing. Compared with other states with low median incomes, though, few 
people in West Virginia went without health care. Just 14.4% of the state's population lacked health 
insurance, better than more than half of all states. 
2. Arkansas 
> Median household income: $40,112 
> Population: 2,949431 (19th lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 7.3% (tied-22nd highest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 19.8% (4th highest) 
Arkansas was one of just three states, along with Mississippi and West Virginia, with a median 
household income $10,000 below the U.S. median. The state's poverty rate, at nearly 20%, was also 
among the highest in the country. Despite these problems, unemployment dropped from 7.9% in 2011 
to 7.3% last year. Arkansas was also one of the nation's worst states for food insecurity, according to 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Between 2010 and 2012, an estimated 19.8% of households had 
little or very little secure access to food, above the 14.7% figure for all U.S. households. 
1. Mississippi 
> Median household income: $37,095 
> Population: 2,984,926 (loth lowest) 
> Unemployment rate: 9.2% (6th highest) 
> Pct. below poverty line: 24.2% (the highest) 
EFTA01133301
--- PAGE 27 ---
In Mississippi, about one in five households depended on food stamps last year, second only to 
Oregon. The state's poverty rate was 24.2%, the highest in the nation by more than three percentage 
points. Like many of America's poorest states, the median household income in Mississippi has 
declined considerably since 2008, when it was just over $40,000. Fewer households earned over 
$200,000 last year, proportionally, than any other state except West Virginia. In addition to poverty, 
income inequality was also extremely severe in Mississippi, ranking behind only New York and 
Connecticut. 
The Best Economies in the World 
After sliding in the rankings for four consecutive years, the United States moved up two places in 
the World Economic Forum's competitiveness ranking, from seventh last year to fifth in 2013. A 
combination of factors, including improving financial markets and a strong university system, 
helped the U.S. improve, despite its weak macroeconomic environment. 
The WEF's Global Competitiveness Report defines competitiveness as the "institutions, policies, 
and factors that determine the level of productivity of a country." In order to assess competitiveness, 
the WEF divided the 148 nations it surveyed into one of three classifications, depending on their 
development. Based on the WEF's report, these are the best economies in the world. 
"Factor-driven" economies are the least developed and rely on low-skilled labor and natural 
resources. More developed countries are considered "efficiency-driven" economies because they 
focus on improving economic output through increasing production efficiency. The most developed 
economies, which rely on innovation and technological changes to drive growth, are considered 
"innovation-driven" economies. Nations may also fall in between these classifications. 
While gross domestic product is not a measure of well-being or competitiveness by itself, 
competitive nations often have high GDP per capita. This is because the factors that allow nations to 
compete for new business are the same factors that drive productivity and output. 
Each of the 10 most competitive nations is among the 25 highest for GDP per capita out of the 
countries measured. The most competitive economy in the world, Switzerland, had a per capita GDP 
of more than $79,000, good for fourth highest worldwide. At the other end, almost all the 10 least 
competitive economies have extremely low GDP per capita, six of them below $1,000. 
According to Margareta Drzeniek-Hanouz, lead economist at the WEF's Global Competitiveness 
and Benchmarking Network, "competitiveness is not so much about countries competing in the 
global marketplace, but rather about the factors — politicians, institutions — that countries put into 
place to raise productivity and thereby grow." In the case of the United States, Drzeniek-Hanouz 
highlighted financial market efficiency, labor market efficiency and innovation as factors that make 
the country globally competitive. 
Many of the world's most competitive nations also have the ability to borrow a great deal to support 
their spending and investment, which can result in high government debt. Seven of the 10 most 
competitive nations had at least 50% of GDP in gross general government debt as of 2012. And 
three of them — Japan, Singapore and the United States — had more than 100% of their GDP in 
debt. 
EFTA01133302
--- PAGE 28 ---
In poorer nations, where access to financing often is not only an issue for businesses but for 
governments as well, debt levels are typically lower. Just one of the 10 least competitive countries 
had more than 50% of its GDP in debt. 
To create the Global Competitiveness Index (GCI) score for each country, the WEF ranked more 
than 100 economic indicators that it grouped into 12 broad categories. Also referred to as pillars, 
these categories quantify the extent to which a country is competitive. The pillars were then scored 
from 1 to 7, but each had a different weighting in the final country rank, depending on which 
classification a nation fell under. Innovation and sophistication accounted for 30% of the score for 
nations such as the United States, which is an innovation-driven economy, but just 5% of the final 
score for less-developed nations such as Haiti, a factor-driven economy. 
Based on the WEF's Global Competitiveness Report, which ranks 148 countries, 24/7 Wall St. 
reviewed the economies with the highest and lowest GCI scores. All GDP figures, as well as figures 
on government debt as a percentage of GDP and GDP per capita, were provided to the WEF by the 
International Monetary Fund. 
These are the 10 most competitive global economies. 
10. United Kingdom 
> GCI score: 5.37 
> GDP per capita: $38,589 (23rd highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 90.3% (13th highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 87.0% (11th highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Access to financing 
The United Kingdom, considered to be the eighth most competitive last year, has fallen by two 
places. The world's eighth largest economy by GDP has some of the most efficient labor practices 
— the U.K. ranks fourth for its ability to attract talent and fifth in overall labor market efficiency. 
The quality of higher education and training in the U.K. is not groundbreaking, but the country has 
some of the best management schools and ranks among the top countries around the world in terms 
of Internet access in schools. The biggest obstacle to doing business is access to financing, 
overwhelmingly chosen by survey respondents — well above tax rates and government bureaucracy, 
both tied for the next most selected factor. During the financial crisis, Britain had to bail out two of 
the country's largest banks, Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group, which remain state-
owned. 
9. Japan 
> GCI score: 5.40 
> GDP per capita: $46,736 (13th highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 237.9% (the highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 79.1% (24th highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Tax rates 
Japan received top marks for business sophistication due to an abundance of local suppliers, highly 
sophisticated production processes and its prominent role in the international distribution of goods 
and services. Companies in Japan — the fourth largest economy in the world — spent considerable 
EFTA01133303
--- PAGE 29 ---
amounts on research and development, ranking only behind first place Switzerland. Tax rates were 
reported to be the most problematic factor for doing business, according to the WEF's survey. 
However, tax hikes may be on the horizon as part of the nation's "Abenomics" plan, pushed by 
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, to combine aggressive economic stimulus with structural reform. 
8. Netherlands 
> GCI score: 5.42 
> GDP per capita: $46,142 (14th highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 71.7% (31st highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 93.0% (4th highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Access to financing 
Strong infrastructure, few reports of corruption and high-quality health and education systems have 
made the Netherlands a reliable trade partner and a competitive advanced economy. Port 
infrastructure in the Netherlands was ranked first out of all countries surveyed. When business 
leaders polled by the WEF's Executive Opinion Survey were asked to select the most problematic 
factor for doing business, the most common reply was access to financing. According to the 
European Commission, applicants in the Netherlands were denied loans nearly twice as much as the 
European average, and when applications succeeded, lenders paid much higher interest rates than 
other EU countries. Financial market development was not the strongest economic indicator for the 
Netherlands, but the country still ranked 30th out of 148 countries in terms of the availability of 
financial services. 
7. Hong Kong (SAR) 
> GCI score: 5.47 
> GDP per capita: $36,667 (25th highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 32.4% (42nd lowest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 72.8% (33rd highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Insufficient capacity to innovate 
Hong Kong has the best infrastructure, according to the WEF, with the most consistent electricity 
and some of the best roads and rail networks in the world. The special administrative region of 
China is extremely healthy, reporting only 1.4 infant deaths per 1,000 live births, the lowest such 
rate in the world, and an average life expectancy at birth of 83.4 years, the highest in the world. 
Hong Kong also was judged to have the most developed financial market in the world. Financial 
services in the region are some of the most available and affordable in the world. Additionally, the 
pay received by workers in the city is widely held to be directly related to their productivity, a strong 
indicator of Hong Kong's efficient labor market. Despite these reportedly high levels of convenience 
and economic freedom, residents of Hong Kong reported the greatest hindrance to doing business 
was an insufficient capacity to innovate. 
6. Sweden 
> GCI score: 5.48 
> GDP per capita: $55,158 (8th highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 38.0% (62nd lowest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 94.0% (3rd highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Restrictive labor regulations 
EFTA01133304
--- PAGE 30 ---
Sweden has fallen slightly on the competitiveness index in the past three years, from third in 2011 to 
sixth this year. However, the country still ranks first in technological readiness, the WEF's measure 
of how nations incorporate existing technologies to improve efficiency, with Swedish companies 
absorbing new technologies better than those in any other country. People living in Sweden also 
are among those using the Internet the most, and mobile subscriptions there are among the highest in 
the world. Ericsson, a large Swedish telecommunications company, has remained relevant in a very 
competitive global wireless technology industry. In line with Sweden's strong scores in technology 
categories, the country also had the highest concentration of patent applications of all other 
countries assessed in the WEF report, at nearly 303 per million residents. 
5. United States 
> GCI score: 5.48 
> GDP per capita: $49,922 (11th highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 106.5% (9th highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 81.0% (20th highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Tax regulations 
The United States still faces a weak economic environment, largely due to the nation's massive 
government deficit and debt burden. In spite of this, the U.S. was more competitive this year than it 
was a year ago, up from seventh place to fifth. The U.S. ranked seventh for the availability of 
financial services, and it was one of the top five nations for the availability of venture capital and the 
ease of raising money through equity markets. The U.S. also ranked as one of the top countries for 
attracting and retaining talent. The world's largest economy is also home to many highly 
sophisticated businesses, with U.S. companies handling international distribution of their goods and 
services across the world. 
4. Germany 
> GCI score: 5.51 
> GDP per capita: $41,513 (21st highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 82.0% (19th highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 84.0% (16th highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Tax regulations 
Germany consistently scores well in all major categories the WEF uses to measure competitiveness. 
In addition to being one of the world's largest economies, Germany provides its residents with an 
extremely well-developed infrastructure, top-quality higher education and training, and a 
sophisticated and innovative private sector. The local availability of research and training services is 
better in Germany than in all but one other country, behind only Switzerland. Germany also scored 
in the top 10 in six out of the nine factors in the infrastructure category, including for the quality of 
its rail and port infrastructure and fixed telephone lines. Germany has a very sophisticated business 
climate as well, with nine out of 10 factors in this category ranked in the top 10, including a first-
place position for value chain breadth. 
3. Finland 
> GCI score: 5.54 
> GDP per capita: $46,098 (16th highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 53.3% (48th highest) 
EFTA01133305
--- PAGE 31 ---
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 91.0% (7th highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Restrictive labor regulations 
Finland ranks as the top country in the world for innovation and is also one of the top countries in 
the world for business sophistication. Finland had the third-best score for company 
expenditure, and its capacity for innovation ranked second out of 148 countries. Scientists and 
engineers residing in the country also were considered to be more widely available than comparable 
professionals in any other country. The WEF gave Finland first place in higher education and 
training, which is not surprising given the country's well-regarded education system. 
2. Singapore 
> GCI score: 5.61 
> GDP per capita: $51,162 (10th highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 111.0% (8th highest) 
> Pct of residents using Internet: 74.2% (29th highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Restrictive labor regulations 
Singapore has some of the highest quality institutions, as well as some of the best infrastructure and 
education systems in the world, according to the WEE The citizens of Singapore have the most trust 
in their politicians, the most transparent government policymaking and the most efficient legal 
framework for settling disputes. Singapore's air transport infrastructure was rated the best out of 148 
countries. The tiny country takes its higher education very seriously as well, with a first-place 
ranking in the quality of math and science education. Singapore's labor market is reported to be 
more efficient than that of any other country due in part to its ability to attract talent. 
1. Switzerland 
> GCI score: 5.67 
> GDP per capita: $79,033 (4th highest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 49.1% (59th highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 85.2% (13th highest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Inadequately educated workforce 
Switzerland topped the list this year as the world's most competitive economy. The small alpine 
nation was among the best in the world for both business sophistication and innovation. It was also 
the top country in the world for local supplier quality and for the amount businesses spent on 
research and development and university-industry 
collaboration. Some of the largest 
pharmaceutical companies in the world are based in Switzerland and contribute to the country's 
strongest competitiveness indicators. 
The Worst Economies in the World 
September II, 2013 
After sliding in the rankings for four consecutive years, the United States moved up two places in 
the World Economic Forum's competitiveness ranking, from seventh last year to fifth in 2013. A 
EFTA01133306
--- PAGE 32 ---
combination of factors, including improving financial markets and a strong university system, 
helped the U.S. improve, despite certain weak macroeconomic elements. 
The WEF's Global Competitiveness Report defines competitiveness as the "institutions, policies, 
and factors that determine the level of productivity of a country." In order to assess competitiveness, 
the WEF divided the 148 nations it surveyed into one of three classifications, depending on their 
development. Based on the WEF's report, these are the worst economies in the world. 
"Factor-driven" economies are least developed and rely on low-skilled labor and natural resources. 
More developed countries are considered "efficiency-driven" economies because they focus on 
improving economic output through increasing production efficiency. The most developed 
economies, which rely on innovation and technological changes to drive growth, are considered 
"innovation-driven" economies. Nations may also fall in between these classifications. 
While gross domestic product (GDP) is not a measure of well-being or competitiveness in itself, less 
competitive nations often have low GDP per capita, and the least competitive nations also have 
among the lowest GDP per capita. This is because the same factors that prevent countries from 
competing for new business are often also the same factors that limit productivity and output. 
Almost all the 10 least competitive economies are extremely poor — six of them have a GDP per 
capita below $1,000. One of these economies, Burundi, has a per capita GDP of just $282. U.S. 
GDP per capita, by comparison, is nearly $50,000. 
According to Margareta Drzeniek-Hanouz, lead economist at the WEF's Global Competitiveness 
and Benchmarking Network, "competitiveness is not so much about countries competing in the 
global marketplace, but rather about the factors — politicians, institutions —that countries put into 
place to raise productivity and thereby grow." In the case of the United States, Drzeniek-Hanouz 
highlighted financial market efficiency, labor market efficiency and innovation as factors that make 
the country globally competitive. 
Just as the 10 least competitive nations are relatively poor, the 10 most competitive nations are 
relatively wealthy. And as wealthy countries they have the ability to borrow a great deal to support 
their spending and investments, which can result in high government debt. The least competitive 
countries lack this ability. While the gross national debt of seven of the 10 most competitive nations 
was at least 50% of GDP as of 2012, just one of the least competitive nations — Mauritania — had 
debt totalling more than 50% of GDP. And given that most of these countries have extremely low 
per capita GDP, the amount they can borrow is extremely small. 
To create the Global Competitiveness Index (GCI) score for each country, the WEF ranked more 
than 100 economic indicators that it grouped into 12 broad categories. Also referred to as pillars, 
these categories quantify the extent to which a country is competitive. The pillars were then scored 
from 1 to 7, but each had a different weighting in the final country rank, depending on which 
classification a nation fell under. Innovation and sophistication accounted for 30% of the score for 
nations such as the United States, which is an innovation-driven economy, but just 5% of the final 
score for less-developed nations such as Haiti, a factor-driven economy. 
Based on the WEF's Global Competitiveness Report, which ranked 148 countries, 24/7 Wall St. 
reviewed the economies with the highest and lowest GCI scores. All GDP figures, as well as figures 
EFTA01133307
--- PAGE 33 ---
on government debt as a percentage of GDP and GDP per capita, were provided to the WEF by the 
International Monetary Fund. These are the 10 most and least competitive global economies. 
These are the worst economies in the world. 
10. Myanmar 
> GCI score: 3.23 
> GDP per capita: $835 (20th lowest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 47.5% (63rd highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 1.1% (2nd lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Access to financing and police instability 
Myanmar ranks as the 10th least competitive nation in the world despite the progress it has achieved 
since 2011, when the decades-long military rule ended. Since then, the once-isolated country has 
opened up to the outside world. Myanmar's economy still remains behind much of the world, 
lacking many of the basic requirements for economic competitiveness. The nation has an inefficient 
legal framework, a lack of transparency in government policy making and an extremely low quality 
of infrastructure — all major issues limiting its competitiveness. The availability of modern 
technology is also highly limited, with barely 1% of the population using the Internet. 
9. Burkina Faso 
> GCI score: 3.21 
> GDP per capita: $603 (10th lowest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 27.7% (35th lowest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 3.7% ( 1 1th lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Access to financing 
Burkina Faso, located in Western Africa, has one of the worst health care and basic education 
systems in the world. Malaria, a disease mostly eradicated in developed countries, is a major 
problem in Burkina Faso, with nearly a third of the residents suffering from the disease. Similarly, 
the country has one of the highest rates of infant mortality in the world at 81.6 deaths per 1,000 live 
births. The nation's enrollment rate of students in primary school is also among the lowest in the 
world. Also indicative of the nation's weak economy are its poor infrastructure and low scores for 
higher education and training. 
8. Mauritania 
> GCI score: 3.19 
> GDP per capita: $1,157 (26th lowest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 79.7% (21st highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 5.4% (18th lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Access to financing 
Mauritania was rated as one of the worst nations for higher education and training, which are 
necessary to develop a skilled and competitive workforce. In addition to a poor educational system, 
the nation also has some of the lowest secondary and tertiary enrollment rates in the world. The 
nation received poor ratings for its inability to attract talent or to properly match-up pay to 
productivity, among other factors. However, Mauritania's worst problem may be the still prevalent 
EFTA01133308
--- PAGE 34 ---
system of slavery, which was only legally abolished in 1981 and officially criminalized in 2007. As 
recently as 2012, between 10% to 20% of the population, or as many as 680,000 people, were still 
enslaved, according to a CNN report on Mauritania. 
7. Angola 
> GCI score: 3.15 
> GDP per capita: $5,873 (71st lowest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 29.3% (39th lowest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 16.9% (39th lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Corruption 
Angola spent more than a quarter century dealing with a bitter civil war that resulted in as many a 
1.5 million deaths. Since the end of the civil war in 2002, the nation has become a major producer of 
oil and has been a member of OPEC since 2006. However, the country still lacks some of the key 
elements needed to promote competitiveness, including strong auditing mandates and corporate 
checks-and-balances. The nation also was ranked as having the lowest quality of infrastructure of 
any nation, with one of the lowest quality of electricity supply and relatively few mobile telephone 
subscribers, at 48.6 per 100 residents. 
6. Haiti 
> GCI score: 3.11 
> GDP per capita: $759 (17th lowest) 
> Debt as a pet. of GDP: 15.4% (17th lowest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 10.9% (25th lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Access to financing 
In 2010, Haiti was rocked by an earthquake that is estimated to have killed more than 300,000 
people. The nation was hardly well-off before the earthquake — it was already exceptionally poor 
and among the least developed nations in the world. Today, access to even basic requirements of a 
functional economy are limited. Haiti's ports and roads are among the worst-rated in the world, 
while its electricity supply and telephone lines are also limited. Additionally, only one nation, 
Venezuela, rated worse for protecting property rights. Haiti also received poor scores for its limited 
judicial independence and for the limited trust in politicians, who are believed to be more likely to 
ask for bribes or misuse public funds than their counterparts in most other countries. 
5. Sierra Leone 
> GCI score: 3.01 
> GDP per capita: $613 (11th lowest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 44.5% (68th highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 1.3% (4th lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Access to financing 
Sierra Leone was one of only three other countries studied by the WEF to have a negative gross 
national savings score in 2012. It also had some of the worst inflation rates in the world, with 
consumer prices rising by 13.8% in 2012, higher than all but eight other countries. In terms of health 
care, Sierra Leone consistently ranks close to the bottom. Malaria is relatively common, and there 
are more than 700 cases of tuberculosis per 100,000 people, a rate surpassed by only South Africa 
EFTA01133309
--- PAGE 35 ---
and Swaziland. Sierra Leone has the worst infant mortality rate, and the life expectancy at birth is 
just 47.8 years, the worst out of the 148 countries studied. 
4. Yemen 
> GCI score: 2.98 
> GDP per capita: $1,377 (31st lowest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 46.7% (55th highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 17.4% (42nd lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Police instability 
When Yemen residents were asked to identify the most problematic factor for doing business, most 
respondents said police instability. Inadequate supplies of infrastructure and corruption followed 
closely as obstacles for conducting business. Yemen's business transactions are plagued by bribes 
and under-the-table dealing, while the legal system cannot be relied on for help. Yemen's 
government also is considered to be excessively wasteful, and public funds are frequently misused. 
Violence in the region and the presence of extremist groups have made it difficult for residents to 
innovate or accomplish very much at all in the way of business. The business costs of crime, 
violence and terrorism were judged to be higher in Yemen than most other nations. 
3. Burundi 
> GCI score: 2.92 
> GDP per capita: $282 (2nd lowest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 32.0% (40th lowest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 1.2% (3rd lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Access to financing 
Burundi did less to promote economic efficiency than any other nation in the world, according to the 
WEF. Access to financing and corruption were by far the most selected problematic factors for 
doing business; the availability of financial services in Burundi was ranked among the worst in the 
world. Burundi is the world's second-poorest nation in terms of GDP per capita, behind only 
Malawi. Residents of Burundi said their judiciaries were heavily influenced by members of 
government, more than those in almost any other country. The poor reliability of Burundi's police 
services — second worst out of 148 countries — and low scores for ethical behavior in Burundian 
businesses make doing business in the country extremely difficult. 
2. Guinea 
> GCI score: 2.91 
> GDP per capita: $519 (7th lowest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 43.0% (74th highest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 1.5% (6th lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Corruption 
The quality of infrastructure in Guinea is exceptionally bad. The country has one of the least reliable 
electrical supplies in the world, one of the lowest numbers of fixed telephone lines per 100 residents 
and some of the worst roads in the world. Its health care is not much better. In 2010, there were 
nearly 38,000 incidents of malaria for every 100,000 people in the country, the most severe locus of 
malaria cases in the world. Poor health and primary education mean workers are sick more often and 
less likely to adapt to new work environments. 
EFTA01133310
--- PAGE 36 ---
1. Chad 
> GCI score: 2.85 
> GDP per capita: $1,006 (23rd lowest) 
> Debt as a pct. of GDP: 34.5% (53rd lowest) 
> Pct. of residents using Internet: 2.1% (8th lowest) 
> Biggest problem in doing business: Access to financing 
Chad has the worst infrastructure in the world, according to the WEF. Electricity, fixed and mobile 
phone lines, and transportation options are all extremely limited in the sub-Saharan nation. 
Diversion of public funds also is considered a major problem in the country, as is the weak 
protection of citizens' property rights. Chad also ranked as the worst nation for illicit payments and 
bribes. No country received a worse grade than Chad in health and primary education. The nation 
had more than 36,000 cases of malaria per 100,000 residents in 2010, and a life expectancy at birth 
of less than 50 years in 2011. 
Very rarely do I single out a single issue, but when the House of Representatives voted to kill the 
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), formerly food stamps, I had to agree with The 
Huffington Post's article — Picking on the Poor — as the bill would cut SNAP by nearly $40 
billion over the next 10 years. And these cuts would hurt millions of people, namely seniors and the 
poorest among us. But it will most heavily affect low-income families with children where the parent(s) 
work for a living but don't make enough to adequately feed their families. Working families with kids 
are 72 percent of all SNAP beneficiaries. According to the Census Bureau, food stamps kept 4 million 
people out of poverty last year. The Congressional Budget Office reports that the House proposal 
would cut assistance to nearly 4 million low-income people in 2014 and an average of 3 million more 
each year for the next decade. 
Christian leaders across the evangelical, Catholic, Protestant, African-American, Hispanic, and Asian-
American church spectrum are reacting with moral outrage at this assault on the people that Jesus 
specifically instructs us to protect. Many of these leaders are from the Circle of Protection, a coalition 
of more than 65 heads of denominations and religious organizations, plus more than 5,000 church 
pastors. We have been working for more than two years to resist federal budget cuts that undermine 
the lives, dignity, and rights of poor and vulnerable people. Who are the pastors? They run across the 
political spectrum, but are characterized by one thing -- they actually know poor people, work with 
low-income families, and have SNAP beneficiaries in their congregations. All of the pastors I've ever 
talked to who know, work, and worship with those affected are adamantly opposed to these cuts 
because they know what they will mean to people they love. 
One pastor I spoke to recently, a good man and friend, told me he was worried about government 
dependence, like the food stamp program. When I told him that the vast majority of food stamps go to 
working families with young children, and that they are usually only on the program temporarily 
during hard economic times; he said, "You should get that out." He didn't know the facts and the faces 
of SNAP. So many of us in the faith community have worked to tell the facts and show the faces -- to 
share our stories, to "get that out." 
The program has enjoyed bipartisan support through the years, but now congressional Republicans are 
determined to cut these critical nutrition programs to America's hungry. Although SNAP benefits are 
modest (an average of less than $1.50 per person per meal), SNAP is the nation's foremost tool against 
hunger and hardship, particularly during recessions and periods of high unemployment. Currently, 47 
million Americans benefit from SNAP, but that number is expected to be greatly reduced once the 
economy recovers. SNAP is designed to expand in periods of great need and contract when the 
economy is better. 
EFTA01133311
--- PAGE 37 ---
Is it ignorance of how deep the problem of 'food insecurity" or hunger is in America now? Is it just 
ideology against government per se? Because many poor people do have to turn for help to their 
governments, anti-government rhetoric can often turn to anti-poor rhetoric. Have you seen the Fox 
News 'face" of a SNAP recipient -- a young blond California surfer who brags about cheating on food 
stamps? Why is Fox News lying? Why don't they tell the real facts and show the real faces of kids who 
are still hungry even though their parents work? 
If you know the facts and faces of the hungry families that are helped by SNAP, I believe it is a moral 
and even religious problem to vote to cut funding for the program. The Bible clearly says that 
governmental authority includes the protection of the poor in particular, and instructs political rulers 
to promote their well-being. So the argument that the poor should just be left to churches and private 
charity is an unbiblical argument. I would be happy to debate that with any of our conservative 
Congressmen who keep telling our churches that we are the only ones who should care for the poor. 
To vote against feeding hungry people is un-Christian, un-Jewish, and goes against any moral 
inclination, religious or not. 
Finally, for politicians to defend these SNAP cuts because of our need to cut spending in general is un-
credible and incredible. These same politicians are not willing to go to where the real money is: the 
Pentagon budget, which everyone knows to be the most wasteful in government spending, or the 
myriad subsidies to corporations, including agribusiness subsides to members of Congress who will be 
voting to cut SNAP for the poor. 
Tea Party-elected Rep. Stephen Pincher, (R-Tenn.), who likes to bolster his anti-poor rhetoric with 
misused Bible verses, collected $3.5 million in farm subsidies between 1999 and 2012, according to the 
New York Times. Pincher is helping to lead the effort to cut food stamps to working families with 
children by illogically quoting: "The one who is unwilling to work should not eat," all the while 
collecting millions of dollars in agricultural subsidies. Congressman Pincher's position is hypocritical -
- and ifs this kind of hypocrisy that makes Christians look bad and turns young people away from the 
church. 
For many House conservatives this isn't really about SNAP, but about their opposition to the idea that 
as a society we have the responsibility to care for each other, even during the hard times or when 
resources are few. Conservatives know their ideas for privatizing Social Security or cutting funding to 
Medicare and Medicaid are politically unpopular, but their ideology of individualism that borders on 
social Darwinism remains unchanged. SNAP is the perfect target for them. The image of what it does 
and whom it serves has been widely distorted by the media, while the people who benefit from it have 
little influence in the halls of Congress and pose little risk to the political careers of Republican 
members. 
They are going after cuts to the poor and hungry people because they think it is politically safe to do so. 
So let's call that what it is: moral hypocrisy Our job, as people of faith, is to protect the poor and to 
make it politically unsafe for politicians to go after them -- to pick on the poor. So we will be watching 
who votes against feeding the hungry this week and will remember to bring that to public attention 
when they run for re-election. When I was growing up, the thought of picking on the less/least 
fortunate was un-American and today we as a nation have to make it politically untenable for our 
politicians to pick on the programs that help the poor because they are easy prey. 
INTERESTING MAP 
Penis Map Of The World Exposes Weenie Size 
In Each Country 
EFTA01133312
--- PAGE 38 ---
Ever wanted to plan your trip based on the likelihood that you'll encounter, you know, 
something big to write home about? 
Now you can, thanks to a fabulously informative map from Twitter user@onionslayer. 
The map provides detail on willy size for nearly every country on Earth, assigning each nation a color 
code and measurement range in centimeters. 
The top of South America -- Ecuador, Colombia and Venezuela -- form a cluster of dark green, the 
color code for the planet's biggest penises. Meanwhile, China and India are a sea of red, meaning they 
are home to the world's teeniest weenies. 
How does your next destination, ahem, measure up? 
Please see interactive map: 
SAID - :PAO 
tall - 14.09 
11M-:117 
1113 • :SA/ 
OM • SLAM 
apse 
THIS WEEK's QUOTE 
We have to ask ourselves, why has hate, become the national pastime 
 I think that the problem is 
this. We just found out that the percentage of Americans who describe themselves as poor has doubled 
in the last five years, which is very significant because in the past, the poor consistently and 
erroneously described themselves as middle class because they had hope, because they still believe in 
that Ponzi Scheme formally known as the American Dream, but now they are finally get it that the fix 
is in and that the Two Americas thing is kind of true and they are in the wrong one. Apple just 
released two new iPhones. An expensive gold one for the haves and for the serfs a shitty plastic lime 
green one that looks like your phone is wearing crocks. But here is the good news, wages may not go 
up again, good jobs may never come back but you now can get and iPhone for 99 bucks. And you can 
use it to tell Betty White to go fuck herself 
Bill Maher (September 20, 2013) 
EFTA01133313
--- PAGE 39 ---
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
This week I would like to share with you the music of Judy Collins who I really came to love in the fall 
of 1969 when I was introduce to her songs, My Father, Someday Soon, Pretty Polly and Both 
Sides Now, all which are still on my iPod today. In 1961, Judy Collins released her first album, A 
Maid of Constant Sorrow, at the age of 22 and began a thirty-five year association with Jac 
Holzman and Elektra Records. She interpreted the songs of fellow artists - particularly the social poets 
of the time such as Bob Dylan, Phil Ochs and Tom Paxton. Judy was instrumental in bringing other 
singer-songwriters to a wider audience including poet/musician Leonard Cohen — and musicians Joni 
Mitchell and Randy Newman. Judy Collins is also noted for her rendition of Joni Mitchell's "Both 
Sides Now" on her 1967 album, Wildflowers which has since been entered into the Grammy Hall 
of Fame. Winning "Song of the Year" at the 1975 Grammy Awards was Judy's version of 
"Send in the Clowns," a ballad written by Stephen Sondheim for the Broadway musical "A Little 
Night Music." For more than 5o years Judy Collins has thrilled audiences worldwide with her 
unique blend of interpretative folksongs and contemporary themes. Judy Collins, now 71, is still 
writing, performing, and nurturing fresh talent. She plays 8o tom dates a year around the country. 
Judy Collins, a relentlessly creative spirit, is a modern day Renaissance woman who is also an 
accomplished painter, filmmaker, record label head, musical mentor, and an in-demand keynote 
speaker for mental health and suicide prevention. She continues to create music of hope and healing 
that lights up the world and speaks to the heart. With this said, I invite you all to enjoy the music of 
Ms. Judy Collins. 
Judy Collins — Both Sides Now -- http://youtu.be/z8jGFu7ys64 
Judy Collins - My Father -- http://youtu.be/CdqJZRHicu4 
Judy Collins - In My Life 
http://youtu.be/iRYMdAQWsmc 
Judy Collins - Send in the Clowns -- http://youtu.be/clqx5_w-dnk 
Judy Collins, Steven Stills & Graham Nash - Someday Soon - http://youtu.be/gQ7rrszpJIl 
Judy Collins - Who Knows Where The Time Goes -- http://youtu.be/onKhceL303M 
Judy Collins & The Boys Choir of Harlem - Amazing Grace -- http://youtu.be/p5NCyuRhoGY
Judy Collins - Suzanne -- http://youtu.be/NkamRumVXn4 
Judy Collins - Turn, Turn, Turn - http://youtu.be/K3kKqfTjsj0 
Judy Collins & Lenard Cohen — Hey, That's No Way To Say Goodbye --
http://youtu.be/IVJImYNGqwk
Judy Collins with Stephen Stills — Pretty Polly -- http://youtu.be/ZU2ax.ICyga
Judy Collins - Secret Gardens -- http://youtu.be/UVlbMaOZYB8
Judy Collins — Don't Cry for me Argentina -- http://youtu.be/-IZE6FcLRWA 
Judy Collins — Early Morning Rain - http://youtu.be/m0nGMLEMYec 
Judy Collins — Mr. Tamborine Man -- http://youtu.be/tG7fCcMHs38 
Judy Collins & Ari Hest — Helplessly Hoping -- http://y • utu.be/TRflETZW3Fw 
EFTA01133314
--- PAGE 40 ---
I hope that you enjoyed this week's offerings and wish you a great first 
day of autumn and a wonderful week.... 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCasi Panners. L LI 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Sk e: 
EFTA01133315

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133316.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL. 
WSJ.cerr 
The Power of 218 
4 4 j 
f
ri
l 
r-
11,
--- 
• ,i 
:... 
,„• 
4,,i','„ 
\ \ 
•• A• .. 
• , 
),,, t . ‘ 
_• . • 
it ..,.1., 77,1: -.',- .i• 1• 14... r5 
)' 
..,
 « 
...0,A. • 
V O:".3ts 0 1- ._ 4. 
t-t 1 fe 
ra:r t- - 
., / r ' 
glop 
• I.- 4 41, ' v.:It-fir P in-  
k.
4f 
Speaker John Boehner floated a CR with an arcane procedure that would force the Senate 
to take an up-or-down vote on the anti-ObamaCare component. But pressure groups like 
Heritage Action and the Club for Growth rebelled and the vote had to be postponed, like 
so many other unforced retreats this Congress. Here we go again. 
These critics portrayed the Boehner plan as a sellout because of a campaign that captured 
the imagination of some conservatives this summer: Republicans must threaten to crash 
their Zeros into the aircraft carrier of ObamaCare. Their demand is that the House pair 
the "must pass" CR or the debt limit with defending the health-care bill. Kamikaze 
missions rarely turn out well, least of all for the pilots. 
The problem is that Mr. Obama is never, ever going to unwind his signature legacy project 
of national health care. Ideology aside, it would end his Presidency politically. And if 
Republicans insist that any spending bill must defund ObamaCare, then a showdown is 
inevitable that shuts down much of the government. Republicans will claim that 
Democrats are the ones shutting it down to preserve ObamaCare. Voters may see it 
differently given the media's liberal sympathies and because the repeal-or-bust crowd 
provoked the confrontation. 
EFTA01133316
--- PAGE 2 ---
With his own popularity fading, Mr. Obama may want a shutdown so he can change the 
subject to his caricature of GOP zealots who want no government. He'll blame any turmoil 
or economic fallout on House Republicans, figuring that he can split the tea party from 
the GOP and that this is the one event that could reinstall Nancy Pelosi as Speaker. Mr. 
Obama could spend his final two years going out in a blaze of liberal glory. 
The defunders sketch out an alternative scenario in which Mr. Obama is blamed, and they 
say we can't know unless Republicans try. But even they admit privately that they really 
won't succeed in defunding ObamaCare. The best case seems to be that if all Republicans 
show resolve they'll win over the public in a shutdown, and Democrats will eventually 
surrender, well, something. 
If this works it would be the first time. The evidence going back to the Newt Gingrich 
Congress is that no party can govern from the House, and the Republican Party can't abide 
the outcry when flights are delayed, national parks close and direct deposits for military 
spouses stop. Sooner or later the GOP breaks. 
This all-or-nothing posture also usually results in worse policy. The most recent example 
was the failure of Mr. Boehner's fiscal cliff "Plan B" in December 2012, which was the best 
the GOP could do because Mr. Obama had the whip hand of automatic tax increases. The 
fallback deal that was sealed in the Senate raised taxes by more and is now complicating 
the prospects for tax reform. 
The backbenchers are heading into another box canyon now. Mr. Boehner is undermined 
because the other side knows he lacks 218 GOP votes, which empowers House and Senate 
Democrats. They want to reverse the modest spending discipline of the sequester, and if 
the House GOP can't hold together on the CR they will succeed. The only chance of any 
entitlement reform worth the name is if Mr. Boehner can hold his majority and negotiate 
from strength. 
We've often supported backbenchers who want to push GOP leaders in a better policy 
direction, most recently on the farm bill. But it's something else entirely to sabotage any 
plan with a chance of succeeding and pretend to have "leverage" that exists only in the 
world of townhall applause lines and fundraising letters. 
The best option now is for the GOP to unite behind a budget strategy that can hold 218 
votes, keeping the sequester pressure of discretionary spending cuts on Democrats to 
come to the table on entitlements. The sequester is a rare policy victory the GOP has 
extracted from Mr. Obama, and it is squeezing liberal constituencies that depend on 
federal cash. 
The backbenchers might even look at the polls showing that the public is now tilting 
toward Republicans on issues including the economy, ensuring a strong national defense 
and even health care. Some Republicans think they are sure to hold the House in 2014 no 
matter what happens because of gerrymandering, but even those levees won't hold if 
there's a wave of revulsion against the GOP. Marginal seats still matter for controlling 
Congress. The kamikazes could end up ensuring the return of all-Democratic rule. 
EFTA01133317
--- PAGE 3 ---
A version of this article appeared September17, 2013, on pageAt6 in the U.S. edition of The Wall Street 
Journal, with the headline: The Power of 218. 
EFTA01133318

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133319.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: soon yi previn
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2013 10:46:02 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-09-22_at_6.44.42_AM.png 
that was fun as always. 
is this the 71 street phantom 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA01133319
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133320

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133321.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133321

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133322.pdf
----------------------------------------
,T1 MIT 
,; • 
--4!` 
, ; 
• 4c).+4 0 - 
, 
tr. 
.441; • , 
I.• 
• 
• 
- 
.I413./,‘" 
P 
4. f 
*ft% 
A
: )41t. 4.4 
4o 
. 
• 
z  
jr4 
EFTA01133322

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133323.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133323

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133324.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
•••MONEmei......••••,•••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • 
EFTA01133324

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133325.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133325

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133326.pdf
----------------------------------------
(TAKE STEPSI 
FOR CROHN'S & COLITIS 
2013 Take Steps Walk 
gra 
[IKE
t F4, CROHN'S 
& woo. 
kn3 TakeSteps 
Way 
, tens VVa, 
EFTA01133326

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133327.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
von...e—mrc-c**S. 
. 
ie Vie 4e 
4‘• '44k. 
, 
t ote, 
. # Ir•Nw 
. 
• 
* 
V g. 
sH.1,1 
* 
Nit 'AP.,it 
< 
•®
• 
!nil 
4;
. 
"
v 
fr 
V 
(' 
I 
, 
. 
`,4, ' 4 '''cl.-E;Re‘41;*x7.4Plbl" tt.I.:..:sic:el-cki.::\::4::41\:',"•);:e..;4 
4,•• it 
r.4 4.1 4f kirosh 
EFTA01133327

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133328.pdf
----------------------------------------
sN, 
EFTA01133328

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133329.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133329

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133330.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133330

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133331.pdf
----------------------------------------
ENDORSEMENT 
Date: February 24, 2014 
Endorsement: Effective as of February 24, 2014 
Attached to and forming part of Policy No. 
Issued by: XL Specialty Insurance Company 
For the Account of: 
Leon D. Black, etal - Exhibition 
It is understood and agreed that various Named Insureds own specific works of art which is indicated in the 
Insured's records. It is further noted that in the event of a claim for loss or damage, claim payments will be 
made directly to the rightful owner/named insured. 
All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. 
In Witness Whereof, the Company has caused this endorsement to be signed by a duly authorized 
representative of the Company. 
G
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. 
EFTA01133331

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133332.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2014 17:45:48 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg 
Which ones? 
Are ou onna get that awesome sink ? Check this picture! It's real aquarium, pretty cool huh ? :) 
Sent from my iPad 
On 26 Feb 2014, at 17:38, Jeffrey Epstein leeNS®gmail.com> wrote: 
i bought the cabients we saw in paris, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133332

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133333.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01133333

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133334.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Patrick at edX <noreply®edx.org> 
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject:30+ brand new courses starting in March. Sign up today. 
Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2014 17:39:30 +0000 
gledX -
Connect To A 
Better Future 
Over 100,000 edX Certificates Issued, Millions of Lives Changed 
Congratulations to all of our edX students who earned Verified and Honor Code 
Certificates. These are tough courses and... you did it! 
Whether you started a course determined to earn a certificate or just wanted to learn 
something new, we want to make sure we're helping you reach your personal goals. Don't 
forget to showcase your edX achievements on Linkedln, Facebook, etc. and let potential 
employers and friends know about all your great work and new skills. 
"This edX certificate was one of the deciding factors for getting me admission into one of 
the best institutes for entrepreneurship and grooming—iCreate." - Saurabh, India 
Tweet Your Achievement with #edXCert 
Share Your Favorite #edX Course 
- Patrick, your edX Community Manager 
Starting Soon 
Explore all of the amazing edX courses starting soon. 
EFTA01133334
--- PAGE 2 ---
;:',Global Warming Science 
Library Advocacy Unshushed 
;;The Science of Everyday Thinking 
Global Warming Science 
MITx 
An introduction to the physics of the climate 
system and the basic science underpinning 
discussions of anthropogenic climate change. 
Started: February 19, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Library Advocacy Unshushed 
UTorontoX 
Learn how to be a powerful advocate for the 
values and future of libraries and librarianship. Be 
informed, strategic, courageous... 
Started: February 24, 2014 - Learn more 
Share: 
The Science of Everyday Thinking 
UQx 
Learn how to think better, argue better, and 
choose better. 
Started: March 2, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
EFTA01133335
--- PAGE 3 ---
: -24etworks, Crowds and Markets 
Immunology 
;11Unlocking the Immunity to Change 
Networks, Crowds and Markets 
CornellX 
Explore the critical questions posed by how the 
social, economic, and technological realms of the 
modern world interconnect. 
Starts: March 2, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Fundamentals of Immunology, Part 1 
RiceX 
Learn about your body's defenses against 
disease: how it can identify threats and 
coordinate counterattacks. 
Starts: March 2, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Unlocking the Immunity to Change 
HarvardX 
Apply new psychological theory about personal 
change to an improvement-goal of your own 
throughout the entire course. 
Starts: March 11, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
View All edX Courses 
EFTA01133336
--- PAGE 4 ---
Verified Courses & XSeries 
Take advantage of over 25 verified courses or enroll in XSeries sequence. 
Principles of Electric Circuits, Part 2 
Introduction to Statistics: Descriptive 
Statistics 
;;T,, he Analytics Edge 
Principles of Electric Circuits, Part 2 
TsinghuaX 
Introduction to the real world application of 
electric circuits used in cutting edge 
technologies. (Mandarin with English subtitles). 
Started: February 24, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Introduction to Statistics: Descriptive 
Statistics 
UCBerkeleyX 
An introduction to descriptive statistics, 
emphasizing critical thinking and clear... 
Started: February 24, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
The Analytics Edge 
MITx 
Through inspiring examples and stories, discover 
the power of data and use analytics to provide an 
edge to your career and your life. 
Starts: March 4, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
EFTA01133337
--- PAGE 5 ---
'Might Vehicle Aerodynamics 
,Introduction to Computational 
Thinking & Data Science 
giMedicinal Chemistry 
Flight Vehicle Aerodynamics 
MITx (Part 2 of the Aerodynamics XSeries) 
Discover the concepts, theories, models, and 
methods used in the aerodynamic analysis and 
design of modern aircraft. 
Starts: March 5, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Introduction to Computational Thinking 
& Data Science 
MITx (Part 2 of the 6.00x XSeries) 
An introduction to using computation to 
understand real•world phenomena. 
Starts: March 5, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Medicinal Chemistry 
DavidsonX 
This course explores how to bring a drug from 
concept to market and how a drug's chemical 
structure relates to its biological function. 
Starts: March 10, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
View All Verified Courses 
EFTA01133338
--- PAGE 6 ---
Recently Announced 
Were adding new courses daily. Explore all of the new courses from our partners. 
;,,'Introduction to Computer 
Programming, Part I 
Behavioral Medicine 
Introduction to Computer 
Programming, Part 1 
IITBombayX 
This 6-week course provides students with a 
foundation in computer programming. 
Starts: July 29, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Behavioral Medicine 
Klx 
Learn how to change everyday behaviors for 
healthier lives using basic behavioral medicine 
concepts. 
Starts: September 9, 2014 - Learn More 
Share: 
Can't decide what to take? Don't worry. Try the new edX demo course. Demo101 walks you through how 
to get the most out of edX, how a course works and shares some best practices to help you be even more 
successful. 
View All edX Courses 
EFTA01133339
--- PAGE 7 ---
Student Story 
Meet Chris. He's an Electronic Engineering student from 
the Philippines who, with his classmates, took 6.002x Circuits and 
Electronics from MITx. Since then, he's gone on to take the 
Principles of Written English from UC BerkeleyX and is signed up 
for The Science of Everyday Thinking from UQx and Effective 
Thinking Through Mathematics from UTAustinX. Find out more 
about Chris and share your story at 
University of Tokyo 
Welcome The University of Tokyo! 
Join us in welcoming the University of Tokyo to the XConsortium. 
We are eager to work with one of the world's most prominent 
research and teaching universities. The first two courses from 
UTokyoX, Visualizing  Postwar Tokyg Part I and Part II will 
analyze postwar Tokyo from a variety of historical, political and 
cultural perspectives. 
Stay connected on Facebook. Twitter, Google+ and more for news and updates. 
View this email in vour browser 
Copyright 
2014 edX. All tights reserved. 
You are receiving this email because you subscribed to our mailing list in our website. 
Our mailing address Is: 
edX 
Add us to your address book 
unsubscnbe from this list update subscription preferences 
EFTA01133340

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133341.pdf
----------------------------------------
rsi 
DUANEre ,cle-
-
.1P4121461.1
r)
4IMMI 
" 
- 
r 
, 
EFTA01133341

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133342.pdf
----------------------------------------
A!,
EFTA01133342

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133343.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 12:31:52 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133343
--- PAGE 2 ---
"#*#•,•#,>•,-
EFTA01133344
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133345

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133346.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Mr. Fraguela 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 13:13:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg 
Mr. Fraguela said you would have to move the coconut tree over by a 1ft 1/2 to properly tile that area 
accordingly. 
Please advise, 
Anna 
EFTA01133346
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133347
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133348

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133349.pdf
----------------------------------------
111
upiter, FL 33458 
EFTA01133349

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133350.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: Invitation to the Sweden-China Award by BBB and PwC, October 10th 2013 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 19:54:13 +0000 
Attachments: Information_about_BBB.pdf; Invitation_Sweden-China_Award.pdf 
You are cordially invited to the inaugural Sweden-
China Award Ceremony, 
hosted by Barbro's Best and Brightest and PwC 
(Please see formal invitation attached as PDF) 
The Sweden-China Award is a commitment to providing talented young female professionals with a 
platform for bridging business opportunities between Sweden and one of the most important economies 
today, China. The Sweden-China Award gives the winner an extraordinary chance to establish a career 
spanning both markets. 
The Winner 
The inaugural Award winner - the Sweden-China Professional of the Year - is an exceptionally talented 
young woman, Feifei Tian. With an LL.M. from Uppsala University and a B.Sc. from Stockholm School of 
Economics, her previous work experience ranges from management consulting in Sweden, Europe and 
Africa to blogging for Svenska Dagbladet in China. Feifei's global mindset, problem-solving capabilities and 
Mandarin language skills makes her uniquely suited for this cross-cultural role. 
The Prize 
As a part of The Sweden-China Award, the winner receives a cross-functional and tailor-made position 
with PwC bridging business opportunities between Stockholm and Shanghai. Additionally, as a BBB 
member with access to BBB Friends - a select network of 600 members in the Swedish and international 
business society - she will expand the network's geographical footprint to China. 
Please RSVP to 
by September 30th. 
For more details about the event and the network Barbro's Best and Brightest, please see attached files. 
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at 
or the winner herself, Feifei Tian, at 
Mail: 
Mobile: 
A warm welcome! airgegt 
Barbro's Best & Brightest 
An exclusive network for young female leaders in Swedish and international business 
PwC 
The leading global firm within audit, tax and financial consulting 
(See attached file: Information about BBB.pdfi(See attached file: Invitation Sweden-China Awardp41) 
EFTA01133350
--- PAGE 2 ---
----------------- End of message text 
The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential 
and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, 
this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received this in error, please 
contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The 
sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of 
e-mail transmission. Also, please note that any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and do 
not necessarily represent those of the company. 
EFTA01133351

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133352.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: BOEING SALE 
From: Larry Visoski 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: BOEING SALE 
Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2014 19:09:47 +0000 
Attachments: Commission_Agreement-Wright_Clean_2-26-14.doc; Commission_Agreement-
Wright_Redline_2-26-14.doc 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Gary Anzalone 
Date: Februar 26, 2014 at 1:54:58 PM EST 
To: " 
►, Darren Indyki. 
Sherry Cannon 
Dear Larry et el, 
> 
, Richard La gan 
, Rich Kahn 
Pursuant to our telephone conversation, attached you will find a draft of the consulting 
agreement to be provided to Larry Wright, upon the authorization of Jeffrey. 
We have worked from the final Agreement which was executed with BlackRock back in 
November. 
I have attached a REDLINE version as well as a CLEAN version. 
Aside from the date, the primary changes were to make certain we had full contact 
information for the end-user, as well as confirmation of our ability to deal direct with the 
purchaser moving forward. 
I will await for your instruction prior to circulating to Larry Wright for execution. 
Sincerely, 
Gary Anzalone - Managing Partner 
E uus Global Aviation, LLC 
EFTA01133352

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133353.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Pics 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 22:21:43 +0000 
Attachments: WP_20130923_00 1 jpg; WP_20130923_002.jpg; WP_20130923_003.jpg 
Jpm looks differently 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
EFTA01133353

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133354.pdf
----------------------------------------
INVESTING 
FOR IMPACT IN 
gio. 
AFRICA & 
BEYOND 
NEW YORK CITY • SEPTEMBER 23, 2013 
EFTA01133354

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133355.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133355

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133356.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133356

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133357.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: the (a) forgotten! 
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2013 22:48:41 +0000 
Attachments: PastedGraphic-1.tiff 
EFTA01133357

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133358.pdf
----------------------------------------
, 
EFTA01133358

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133359.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT IN AND FOR PALM 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
PROBATE DIVISION 
IN RE: ESTATE OF 
File No. 
ANNETTE SIEGAL 
50201ICP001706XXXXSB 
Deceased/
RECEIPT OF BENEFICIARY 
The undersigned, PEGGY SIEGAL, hereby acknowledges having received from the 
personal representative of this estate and the Trustee of the Annette Siegal Revocable Living Trust 
u/a/d December I, 2010, the following: 
The sum of One Hundred Thousand ($100,000) Dollars pursuant to Ankle THIRD(D) of the Last 
Will and Testament of Annette Siegal dated December 16, 2010 and subsequently Article 
FOURTH(A) of the Annette Siegal Revocable Living Trust Wald December 1. 2010. 
Signed on 
, 2013. 
PEGGY SIEGAL 
22329328.1 09042013 
EFTA01133359

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133360.pdf
----------------------------------------
waser
nmicemenimaun
Amelia 
 $ topecitte 
Bank of 
'e l'
sec, 
jep
ia A xada
)
• 
$1 
NM-
EFTA01133360

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133361.pdf
----------------------------------------
FroM 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: RE: 
Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2013 10:26:14 +0000 
Attachments: Bin Mechanicals Staff.doex 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Marc" cj 
Date: September 17, 2013, 3:45:01 AM EDT 
To: ' 
Subject: RE: 
Hi 
Please find all the details of the mechanicals. 
Kindest regards 
Marc LEON 
Managing Director 
KENSINGTON 
Finest Properties Marrakech Sarlau 
License partner of KENSINGTON 
Finest Properties International 
Exclusive affiliate of 
international Real Fstate 
Tel.: 
Fax: 
Cell: 
Cell: 
www.kensington-morocco.corn 
Message d'origine 
De : 
Envoy6 : lundi 16 septembre 2013 13:06 
A: 
Objet : 
Hi Marc, 
I 
We spoke to the emirs representaitve. 
His property has 4S acres of land with around 7 
villas excluding the main palace. In addition to a golf course, horse stables, a 30 year old 
EFTA01133361
--- PAGE 2 ---
garden, and many many other facilities. The price you reported is also inaccurate. We have 
a strong relationship with Christies Real Estate. 
Is the house in move in condition? besides landscape, what is the condition of the house. 
Where do staff currently live. garages? laundry, pantry, how many rooms . air conditioning 
what type? cisterns? 
Sent from my iPhone= 
EFTA01133362

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133363.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacationgginail.com> 
Subject: Fw: 
Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2013 13:48:27 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 727_operation.pdf 
How do I respond? 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: "JIM MILLER" < 
Date: Tue, 17 Se 2013 06:45:55 -0700 
To: Larry c> 
ReplyTo: "JIM MILLER" < 
Subject: 
Good morning Larry, 
I am following up on our last email separately. 
Sultan received this yesterday and asked that I pass it on to you for comments on it's accuracy. 
Thank you, 
Jim 
Please find attached an estimate of what I think the annual operational cost for a 727 is based on 400hrs private flying. Please 
ignore the aircraft type as Challenger 850 as I do not have the aircraft type in my list of aircraft. I will have to amend this once I 
am in the office. The numbers are based on the following assumptions from industry colleagues who operate 727's themselves 
* Fuel burn of 1575 gallons per hour 
* Fuel price of 3.5USD per gallon. (this is roughly the price in Dubai but can increase when in Europe to almost double in some 
airports) 
* Maintenance reserves of 1,100USD per engine per hour (3.300USD per hr in total) 
*Variable cost of about 2000USD per hr (landing fees.catering.ground handling, laundry etc,phone bills etc) 
Further to the above number, I have made some educated assumptions on salaries per year for the crew. These of course are 
subject to what you can negotiate but I doubt I am far off from reality: 
• 2 Captain at 120,000USD 
• 1 First Officer at 90000 USD 
• 2 Cabin Attendants at 69000USD 
• 1 Flight engineer at 90,000USD 
The hourly cost is coming out to 14,327USD (5,730,540(400). In my opinion this is a conservative number and is likely to 
higher if you regularly buy fuel abroad. . Noise restrictions in Europe are moving to stage 4 and currently the aircraft under 
consideration is certified for stage 3 and will be unable to fly into Europe once stage 4 is brought into effect. 
EFTA01133363
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133364

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133365.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133365

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133366.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
• 
41.1.0fl 
.1.rai
r
"
 • 
EFTA01133366

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133367.pdf
----------------------------------------
INTERNET RELATED INFORMATION AS OF FEBRUARY 26, 2014 
EMAIL ADDRESSES 
jeevacation@me.com 
jeevacationlAme.com 
jeevacation©gmail.com 
jeffrevAieffrevepstein.orq 
jeffreyepstein@live.com 
WEBSITES 
www.jeffreyepsteinfoundation.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinscience.com 
www.jeffreyepstein.org 
www.jeffreyepstein.us 
www.jeffreyepsteinblog.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinforum.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinusvi.com 
www.jeffreyepsteineducation.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinintemational.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinnewyork.com 
There is also: www.jeffreyepstein.net 
but it's not live/active 
TWITTER 
jeffrey_epstein 
jeffreyepsteinl 
EFTA01133367
--- PAGE 2 ---
OTHER INTERNET ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
Company 
411 
8coupons 
aboutus.org 
AirYell 
AllTop 
AmericanTowns 
Avantar 
BestOfTheWeb 
bing local 
Blogspot (www.jeffreyepsteinblog.com) 
Blogspot 
(www.jeffreyepsteinforum.com) 
Brand Yourself 
ChamberofCommerce.com 
Citysearch 
CitySquares 
CliqSearch 
CoPilot 
Cricket 
Crunchbase 
Delicious 
Digg 
Disquis 
eLocal 
EZIocal 
Facebook 
Factual 
Flikr 
Type
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
article directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
blog host 
blog host 
online management 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
scienceltechnology 
business directory 
public profile 
public profile 
social ntwk directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
User Name 
Screenname 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein Ideas Forum 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
jeffreyepsteinl 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
JeffreyEpstein 
jeffreyepstemAhve.com 
JeffreyEpsteinl 
EFTA01133368
--- PAGE 3 ---
Flikr 
Gather 
GetFave 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Google + 
Google Maps 
Google Maps 
Grant Watch 
HopStop 
idealist.org 
Indeed 
Instagram 
Klout 
LinkedIn 
Live 
Local.com 
LocalDatabase 
LocalPages 
manta 
MapQuest 
MerchantCircle 
MetroPCS 
MojoPages 
Myspace 
Navmii 
Patch 
Penny Saver 
Philanthropy.Com 
PhoneNumber 
social ntwk directory 
public profile 
business directory 
website 
website 
website 
website 
website 
website 
website 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
grant directory 
business directory 
n-p job srch engine 
employment 
directory 
social ntwk directory 
social ntwk directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
foundation directory 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
www.jeffreyepstein.org 
www.jeffreyepsteinscience.com 
www.jeffreyepstein.us 
www.jeffreyepsteinusvi.com 
www.jeffreyepsteineducation.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinintemational.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinnewyork.com 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
jeffrey_epstein
jeffreyespteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffrev
ieffreyepstein.orq 
jeffreveieffreveostein.org 
jeffreveieffreveostein.org 
jeffreyepstein 
jeffrevepsteinelive.com 
jeffreveieffrevepstein.org 
JeffreyEpstein 
EFTA01133369
--- PAGE 4 ---
Photobucket 
Pinterest 
Pocketly 
PR.com 
ShowMeLocal 
SlideShare 
Sodahead 
Stumbleupon 
Supermedia 
Superpages 
Switchboard 
Technorati 
Topix 
Tupalo 
Twitter 
USCity.net 
vimeo 
Webbs 
Where To? 
White & Yellow Pages 
WhitePages 
Wikipedia 
Wikipedia 
Jeffrey Epstein Turville 
Yahoo 
Yahoo! 
YaSabe 
Yellowbook 
YellowBot 
Yellowise 
YellowMoxie 
YellowPageCity 
Yellowpages 
Yelp 
Yext 
encyclopedia 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
press releases 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
public profile 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
website 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public 
encyclodpedia 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
portal directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
JeffreyEpstein2 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
jeffrey-epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
jeffreyepsteinl2 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
www.jeffreyepsteinfoundation.com 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
jeffrey-epstein 
JeffreyEpstein12 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
Turville 
effrev
ieffrevepstein.orq 
EFTA01133370
--- PAGE 5 ---
You Tube 
pub 
ADDITIONAL WEBSITES AND BLOG SITES 
PHILANTHROPIC, SCIENCE OR BUSINESS 
lic profile 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epsteinl 
MAINTAINED BY THIRD PARTIES WITH CONTENT RELATING TO 
RELATED ACTIVITIES OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
www.jeffreyepstein.co 
www.jeffreyepsteininfo.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinfinance.com 
These were transferred over to Go 
Daddy. They are not live. I will get 
back to you on details asap. 
www.jeffrevepstein93.wordpress.com 
www.jeffrevepsteins.blonspot.com 
www.jeffreyepstein93.jux.com 
I don't know what these are. 
EFTA01133371

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133372.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak  
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2013 22:58:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-09-12_at_6.57.47_PM.png 
* 
Finlov 
FAe 
Edit 
Near. History 
Bookmarks 
Tools 
Window Sip 
, 
ID 
on tw..K • Ir.M  or 
sways ism- nos x 
*mono. - mower. 
isonctizoo S p 4. art MID Thu6 S7 PM Luna Shuhak 
Q ES 
tWoostan 
W. 
I fj ' ,Mea As*. n." 4." 
'Hat Owe:Wm pea irwa ~an an 
• 
tell.... 
,,tait Darla 
Co tom In palm vela qa 
1400100w 
si60)an, b1 
SPCOSORIO 
Sr. Al 
Tho Vormargah Ramon 
SA. 
E
a
 Mita% II AS4rOwtear As Venni On 
The Sodueleeelts len Of exikbrt/I0 
E3 
* 
EFTA01133372

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133373.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2013 23:33:42 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-09-12_at_7.32.47_PM.png 
d 
Falox 
, 
Lcla 
Yxw 
History 
Bookmarks 
Tools 
Waldo". Help 
a 
- 
CD 0 
ul Sala lhu 7 32 PM Karyna Ihuliak 
Q := 
EFTA01133373

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133374.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2013 01:42:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-09-12_at_9.41.39_PM.png 
Stan 
TCIII 
MOM 
Help 
• 
it
crews 
S341•13123O 0 
s it 41 • entig, thug ai 
• 
i 
T>1)
0...whaw• 
Leda. 
MindNode PRO 
SOMN•de M1O ts a pOwerind and intuitive mad cope's° sepHaelOn 
HOP and Nebel, make rc On perfect keel IO• 
Patron:online and Ognal WM; vow Itle - and OMNI +Minn; means no Mean nave yew, mnd wilts nen you 
111...4N04t IttS item layout saw netts a, 0 tasks muddy 50 yto an Me a ewes me Wm «WM MOHR lise Putter -tree 
menace Ms you contantrate en wantons ard Connetonp Peas. and an ~neat,. melange" Camas means OM no mane 
Pw p0 c•• cor•c•rcued ••c••• HOME Oats. IMMWOW• tan Mela up 
transmits 
• dream my. nobs own one click 
• (emu own (commons bfflinn ealwismr unrelated nods
• pep and trop 10.1,00 oI 010~0 nodes 
• Odd marl and 'Ink, to ~I fa utebpages 
• Create twins* mnd MP, en on cams, 
• MI~aitt 
Canvas 0~~ 
Step up 0~ 0101003 
• M. NAIHreen Øe Itss pa pessØm •IthOW 41strapent 
pane 
• rade rd Mew MK*, and Mantnas wen me dick 
• Drap and bop nixes to rantmee ‘ota mtnd map 
• Autonwtmes tampon ~Wad 
mnd woos 
. topMpht cosecant rod«, ustatt di rterera Won. ente Md 10~ mdths 
• Hawn Ito you and am rod.. man 
if Mkt. n- re newt Ma NOM mnd map ont 
stut• 
• taissud Minns, 4~0 Wia annd inåP, S/00 lendtted• loud, en yilee rpm and was er andAbd• Pro on mot Mat 
• 
Panne freeze le, between tow We and Kut of dente 
as
 ladd wales, neaten 
• /.entur 
mnd tine as a PM. Imo..., ea OM& ~wreck MPS TVI 1~00 Cs It It es emi (were 
Woe Patine& 
<0•00•101~ 
0, 
SO 7 10 
'T; 
tn.> 1".=. m 
* 
S 
Skulaak 
sltr 
Preen Shot 
PHI 7 MI 
Screen Snot 
HSI, I He 
SCIII• Shot 
• 
TOIL-7M 
ti 
EFTA01133374

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133375.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 'Ivjef C 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2013 12:49:55 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg 
Yes 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
I cit• 
II 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, September 13, 2013 8:49 AM 
To: Eric Roth; Ivjet 
Subject: 
will we be ready for test flight 19th morning?? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133375

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133376.pdf
----------------------------------------
APO 
MO MAX 
EFTA01133376

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133377.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein
Subject: Sacco Credit 
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2013 16:54:40 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25313091310310.pdf 
You were correct regarding Sacco credit 
We still have a 11,337.75 credit to be used in full on our 26,000 order 
Plane carpet was ordered on Monday Sep 9th and we are told 7-8 weeks for production and 2-3 weeks for 
shipping 
and I asked Sacco to try very hard to speed up the projected 9-11 week process 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Kahn 
Date: September 13, 2013 11:16:34 AM EDT 
To: Kim Steube 
Cc: 
Subject: Credit 
Attached is my calculation showing we still have a 11,337.75 credit 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: September 13, 2013 10:32:07 AM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01133377
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133378

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133379.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: Re: 5 palm 
Date: March 16, 2012 12:31:14 PM EDT 
To: Bradford Jones <I 
Cc: Kim Steube 
0.• 
Attachment, 385 KB 
Rich Kahn 
HI Brad, 
Our accountant Rich has gone over the numbers as well. He is saying 
we have a credit of $56,075.25 left. He thinks your accountant deducted 
the full amount of the rugs from our credit, not just the 75% which we 
have been deducting for each rug from the credit. If you can please, 
confirm this is accurate so we are all on the same page. thanks 
888 
rU§ 
, 6 
▪ 
`
▪ 
5
O 
1,111 
.11 3
F8ll I I
3) *Oa 
/;1Z0, 
.:56Liec)KS 
5b,o15, Z5 
< 27, 4310 
5, 3 oo CP> 
411,334,15 
EFTA01133379
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Mar 16, 2012, at 10:21 AM, Bradford Jones wrote: 
please let me know if you can open this document. It was created in Excel 2010. If not I will send a different format. 
Bradford Jones 
SACCO CARPET 
520 Broadway 
6th Floor 
New York, NY 10012 
F: 
From: Minliailto 
Sent Friday, March 16.PR
IAMI
M 
To: Bradford Jones 
Subject: Re: 5 palm 
I will double check on the padding. 
Can you please let me know what your records show our balance as? Em having Rich our accountant work it out as 
well, hut want to make sure we are on the same page. Thanks 
On.Mar 1 2012, at 10:06 AM, Bradford Jones wrote: 
Hi 
We have worked out the credit Delano% Just want to know If you need the antimicrobial padding as well for this wall to wall install? I 
had not included it in the initial quote. 
ease confirm, thanks) 
Bradford Jones 
SACCO CARPET 
520 Broadway 
6th Floor 
New York, NY 10012 
T: 
F: 
From: 
[malko 
Sent: Wednesday, March 19, 2012 2:43 PM 
To: Bradford Jones 
Cc: Klm Steube 
Subject: Re: 5 palm 
Thanks Brad. I wanted to confirm we still have credit enough to cover the 50% deposit? 
On Mar 14, 2012. at 2:22 PM. Bradford Jones 
wrote: 
HI 
Please find the quote attached which includes freight to NJ, Please let us know if you have any questions. Thanks! 
Bradford Jones 
SACCO CARPET 
520 Broadway 
6th Floor 
New York, 
T: 
NY 10012 
EFTA01133380
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: "Kim Steube" 
Subject: Re: SLK-Dining Rm 
Date: March 27, 2012 6:00:24 PM EDT 
To: "Richard Kahn" 
Cc: 
"Bradford Jones" 
Hi Rich, 
I'm currently traveling and won't be back in the office until Friday. 
However, I did have a chance to speak with our booker today and she 
confirmed your schedule is correct. 
--
Kim Steube 
Sacco Carpet Corp 
520 Broadway, 6th fl 
NY. NY 10012 
On Mar 27 2012 at 12:28 PM, "Richard Kahn" 
wrote: 
please review your calculations as they are still incorrect 
please refer to 
thank you 
email that showed my schedule 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
301 East 66th Street, Suite 10F 
New York NY 10065 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Mar 26, 2012, at 11:03 AM, Kim Steube wrote: 
EFTA01133381
--- PAGE 4 ---
Hi-
I am sorry about the confusion on the 25% payments. This was my error for not explaining our arrangement with my 
assistant Bradford. I have attached the updated price for the dining room and the remaining credit which includes the 
new dining room rug. Please review and let me know if you have any questions. 
Rich- if you have any questions on the balance credit amount, please call me. 
Thank you, 
<immge001.iDg> 
KIM STEUBE 
520 BROADWAY 
6TH FLOOR 
NEW Y R 
NY 10012 
!TI 
(FI 
saccocaroot com 
<Epstein Credit v2. xlsx.xlsx><SOSORD1.pdf> 
EFTA01133382

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133383.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: ' 
' < 
Cc: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: huffington attached 
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2013 17:30:05 +0000 
Attachments: Redraft PED.doc 
Hi Tyler, 
attached is another version of the article for Huffington. 
I got it down to 1000 words-- feel free to shorten further. 
Thanks, 
cell: 
email: 
EFTA01133383

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133384.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hedge Fonder, Jeffrey Epstein, Catapults Evolution at Harvard 
Evolution is always in flux but nothing drives it more than money. So when an elusive hedge funder 
from New York called Jeffrey Epstein, arrived at Harvard University ten years ago with a $30 million 
dollar offer to set up a little department devoted to evolution, the University board welcomed him with 
a Darwinian hug. 
The little department set up for business in August 2003 just off of Brattle Square. But instead of 
falling into the somnolent annals of academia, it shifted the entire study of evolution from a purely 
theoretical exercise to a pragmatic tool for medicine. 
Jeffrey Epstein, who cultivates brilliant scientists, a virtual salon of Nobel luminaries and other such 
geniuses, put Martin Nowak in charge of his new department and called it the Program for 
Evolutionary Dynamics or PED. PED quickly became one of the first departments to study the 
mathematical evolution of micro biology, notably cancer, infectious diseases and viruses such as 
HIV—in view of advancing their treatment. And by creating the first mathematical models of how 
human cancer cells, viruses and bacteria evolve, Nowak and his graduate team have identified 
groundbreaking steps to treat these diseases more effectively. 
Nowak is an Austrian biologist and mathematician with an extensive background in evolutionary 
theory. Prior to PED's establishment, he headed the Program in Theoretical Biology at the Institute 
for Advanced Study at Princeton and had published a substantial amount of work on the mathematics 
of the HIV virus, infectious bacteria, and cancers. Prior to Princeton, Nowak led the mathematical-
biology group at Oxford University. Upon his appointment to run PED, Nowak was also made 
Professor and Mathematics and Biology at Harvard. 
Nowak met the master puppeteer, Jeffrey Epstein, in March 2000 at a conference on the evolution of 
language. Epstein's intention was not learn about the evolution of irregular verbs, but to get to know 
Nowak intimately. He was familiar with Nowak's HIV work at Princeton and wanted to see how it 
could be applied to the everyday world. 
Nowak's motivation for research differed from Epstein's. While both are enraptured with unraveling 
the big questions about existence, Nowak is a practicing Roman Catholic, a declared humanist with a 
EFTA01133384
--- PAGE 2 ---
desire to serve society. Epstein on the other hand, is foremost a problem solver, interested in 
intellectual puzzles. He is equally devoted to physics and artificial intelligence. According to Nowak, 
Epstein was fascinated with his game theory of win-stay, lose-shift and eager to see how it could be 
applied to the markets. As a fervent businessman, Epstein was also eager to test out Nowak's 
mathematical models in the real world. That is not to say that Epstein had no interest in humanistic 
endeavors. He has given to countless organizations to further early education, notably in the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, where his foundation is based. 
By March 2000, Epstein was no amateur philanthropist or science groupee. He had supported the 
research of many prominent scientists, including Stephen Hawking, Marvin Minsky and Nobel 
laureate physicists Gerard 't Hooft, David Gross, and Frank Wilczek. According to New York 
Magazine, by 2003, he was one of the largest donors to individual scientists around the world, granting 
up to $200 million a year. He was also a member of the New York Academy of Science, a member of 
Rockefeller University's board, and actively involved in the Santa Fe Institute, the Quantum Gravity 
Program at the University of Pennsylvania, and the Mind, Brain & Behavior Advisory Committee at 
Harvard. Epstein himself had studied physics at the Cooper Union in New York and mathematics at 
the Courant Institute in New York and moved on to teaching calculus and physics at the Dalton School 
in Manhattan. Within a couple of years, he was recruited into options trading at Bear Stems. 
In 2012, the PED developed the first mathematical model of how human colon-cancer cells evolve and 
how they become immune to inhibitor-drug therapy. Their research came at the request of the 
Pathology and Oncology Department at Johns Hopkins University. The department was trying to 
understand how the KRAS gene in colon-cancer cells becomes activated after inhibitor-drug therapy, 
making the cells resistant to treatment. 
The model of colon-cancer cell growth revealed that the KRAS gene is not actually activated or 
"switched on" by inhibitor therapy; rather, a small percentage of colon-cancer cells with an already 
activated KRAS gene are immune from the start and come to dominate as the other cancer cells are 
destroyed by the inhibitor drug. The discovery changed the approach to inhibitor-drug therapy. Instead 
of applying drugs in sequence to fight secondary and tertiary resistance, researchers at Johns Hopkins 
are now exploring the effects of using a cocktail of inhibitor drugs to capture all colon-cancer cell 
types: those with the activated KRAS gene and those without. The same tailored approach is underway 
for other cancers. 
EFTA01133385
--- PAGE 3 ---
In 2010, the PED published a mathematical study that showed that most solid tumors contain 40 to 
100 genetic mutations, but that on average only 5 to 15 of those actually drive tumor growth. The 
findings critically demonstrated the importance of isolating a key minority of mutated tumor cells for 
effective inhibitor treatment. 
In that same year, the PED presented to researchers at John Hopkins, a mathematical model showing 
the genetic evolution of pancreatic-cancer cells from initial mutation to non-primary malignant cells. 
The model showed that pancreatic cancer, one of the most lethal forms of cancer, is not fast and 
furious as believed but, given the amount and type of genetic disparity between the cellular stages, it 
takes about ten years for an initiating mutation to grow to a parental, non-metastatic founder cell and 
another six years for cells to become malignant. 
The findings highlighted the real possibility of isolating pancreatic mutations prior to metastasis. Johns 
Hopkins scientists are now developing a pancreatic screening method similar to the protocol used for 
breast and colon cancers. 
Much has been written about PED and Nowak's work. Nowak is also the recipient of numerous 
awards and the author of several books. And while Jeffrey Epstein remains an obscure figure, 
tarnished now by a series of scandals involving underage women, one of which led to an 18-month jail 
sentence, he is nonetheless the talented catalyst, the accelerator of all this medical discovery. Whatever 
his ignominy, Epstein's bond with Nowak and PED emphasizes that nature is neither fastidious nor 
judgmental, nor is its dynamic always gradual. Discovery can be sparked into being, pragmatically 
driven and above all, errs towards sustainability of the greater self. 
EFTA01133386

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133387.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Peter Mahler Search Expenses 
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2013 19:04:48 +0000 
Attachments: 4482_001.pdf 
Attached are invoices from Peter totaling 6,840.11 
They include only advertising and internal fees for the period May 1 - July 31, 2013 
Darren and I never signed their agreement as we never agreed to these fees and thought they would be 
compensated via their search fee if placement was made 
We paid them non refundable search deposits for NES of 5,000 and Zorro 10,000 that would be credited towards 
search fee of 30% 
Please advise 
Richard Kahn 
I-IBRK Associates Inc. 
Mir 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard < 
Date: September 13, 2013 2:56:08 PM EDT 
To: '
Subject: Open Search Expenses 
Good Afternoon Richard, 
Attached are six search invoices that total $6,840.11. 
They represent out of pocket expenses incurred during the period May 1 through July 31, 2013. 
Please advise as to when we can expect payment. 
Regards, 
Richard Tuchalski 
Accounting Manager 
Mahler Enterprises, Inc. 
From: Admin 
Sent: Friday, September 13, 2013 1:48 PM 
To: Richard 
Subject: Attached Image 
EFTA01133387
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail, including attachments, is intended solely for the person or 
entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential, privileged and/or proprietary information. 
Any review, dissemination, distribution, copying, printing, or other use of this e-mail by persons or 
entities other than the addressee or his/her authorized agent is prohibited. If you have received this 
e-mail in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete the material from your computer. 
You may notify this individual that you no longer wish to receive any commercial emails from this 
sender by replying to this email or by sending a written request to the postal address listed above. 
EFTA01133388

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133389.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: 
, Caroline Kitidis < 
Subject: Many Thanks + DB Contact Info [C] 
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2013 19:18:24 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(1) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, 
It was truly a pleasure meeting you last week and we're looking forward to working with you. We are in onboarding mode with 
your team. For your records, please find my complete contact information and Caroline's below. Don't hesitate to reach out 
anytime, and we'll be back once everything is up and running. 
Have a wonderful weekend, speak with you soon. 
Tazia 
Caroline Kitidis 
Mana in Director, Head of Key Client Partners - Americas 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
New Yolk. NY 10150 
Tel. 
Fa 
Mobile 
Email 
Rminchr Bulform 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01133389

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133390.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Fab 
To: jeeproject@yahoo.com 
Subject: Travel In Style! Luggage, Accessories, Tees, Art & More. 
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2013 20:12:06 +0000 
Unable to see this nzessaye? Click here to view. 
To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add 
to your address book. 
Don't want this?Sufely =subscribe 
T.:Smiles Guaranteed 
Shop Now 
EFTA01133390
--- PAGE 2 ---
About Help Contact Us Return Policy Shipping Terms Privacy 
at jf
You received this email because you are registered on' 
with the email address: jeeprojectPyahoo.com.
We respect your privacy. View our privacy_policy. If you believe this has been sent to you in error, please safely 
unsuhscribe.
Inc. 
Morton Street, 8th Floor 
New York. NY 10014 
EFTA01133391

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133392.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133392

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133393.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: DITTO <hello@ditto.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Wear-Forever Frames 
Date: Thu, 27 Feb 2014 02:01:03 +0000 
Web Version 
jDITT 
logo 
MEN 
WOMEN 
DESIGNERS 
SALE 
EFTA01133393
--- PAGE 2 ---
Maui Jim - Cliff House. An always kind of frame. 
EFTA01133394
--- PAGE 3 ---
Connect with us: 
fac 
ins 
RV 
go 
Check out our blog: 
bl 
rw 
Unsubscribe 
Privacy Policy 
EFTA01133395

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133396.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paul Morris <la> 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 14 Sep 2013 11:41:48 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: graycol.gif 
Classification: Public 
Also had really interesting large estate situation want to run by you, could also be opportunity. thx 
Paul Morris 
--- Original Message ---
Free: Paul Morris 
Sant: 09/13/2013 10:58 PM EDT 
Se: 'Jeffrey Epstein' cjeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Classification: Public 
Most accounts are now open, waiting for last couple acct opening dots back, should get them by Monday. ACATs transfer should start 
early next week, looks pretty clean other than few positions we can discuss on Monday, looks like most mature near term anyway. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01133396

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133397.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Paul Morris
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 14 Sep 2013 12:01:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: graycol.gif 
On Sat, Sep 14, 2013 at 7:41 AM, Paul Morris 
wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Also had really interesting large estate situation want to run by you, could also be opportunity, thx 
'Paul Morris 
Original Message ----
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 09/13/2013 10:58 PM EDT 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail .com> 
Subject: 
Classification: Public 
Most accounts are now open, waiting for last couple acct opening docs back, should get them by Monday. 
ACATs transfer should start early next week, looks pretty clean other than few positions we can discuss on 
Monday, looks like most mature near term anyway. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01133397
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133398

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133399.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Rogue Amoeba" <hello@rogueamoeba.com> 
To: leevacation@gmail.com" leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: [Rogue Amoeba News] Meet Intermission, Airfoil Remote, and More 
Date: Sat, 14 Sep 2013 14:00:37 +0000 
Volume 11, Issue 1 • September 14, 2013 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
• Introduction 
• Turn Back Time with 
Intermission 
• Remotely Control 
Airfoil from iOS 
Introduction 
Howdy! This email came to you from Rogue Amoeba, because you 
signed up for our list, likely when buying one of our products. If you 
don't want to receive these emails, that's ok! Just dick 
the unsubscribe link to be immediately removed from our list, and 
accept our humble apologies for taking your time. 
EFTA01133399
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Our First Android App 
• Fission News 
• OS Updates 
• Closing 
Still here? Great! As always, I'm your host Paul Kafasis, CEO of Rogue 
Amoeba. Today, we've got new apps for the Mac, iOS, and Android to 
discuss, along with several other updates. 
Turn Back Time with Intermission 
After months of work, we're very pleased to finally unveil our newest 
product. It's called Intermission, and it lets you turn back time. You 
see, with Intermission, you can pause and rewind live audio on your 
Mac. 
If you've ever used a TiVo, you know just how powerful that can be. 
Intermission provides a pause button for any and all content, so 
interruptions don't have to mean missing anything. 
Intermission can buffer up to three hours of audio played on your Mac, 
so you can jump back to hear something you just missed. Better still, 
you can pause streaming audio on services like Pandora, Spotify, or 
the forthcoming iTunes Radio to build a buffer, then skip right past the 
songs, ads, and anything else you don't want to hear! 
That's Intermission right there (in all its Retina glory). It lives right in 
your menu bar, for fast access, and has global keyboard shortcuts, for 
even faster access. It's always running and always at the ready, giving 
you massive control of audio playback on your Mac. It's incredibly 
powerful, and incredibly handy. But don't just take our word for it -
here's what others are saying: 
"Rogue Amoeba's new Intermission utility fills a role on my Mac that 
never even knew I needed...It's a really clever app that stood up well 
to all my testing and tweaking." 
r 
-Erica Sadun, The Unofficial Apple Weblog (TUAW) 
EFTA01133400
--- PAGE 3 ---
Somehow, @RogueAmoeba always know what want! First lossless 
MP3/AAC editing, and now system-wide 'audio TiVor." 
-John Siracusa 
"Another great looking app from Rogue Amoeba." 
-Jim Dalrymple, The Loop 
You can get a free trial of Intermission right now through our site, 
which also contains plenty of additional information. After you've tried 
the app, you can purchase the full version directly through our store, at 
the special introductory price of just $15. 
We hope you'll check out Intermission! 
Remotely Control Airfoil from iOS 
Every day, thousands of users stream audio all around their houses 
with our product Airfoil for Mac. It's one of our most popular 
applications, and we're always working on improving it. One of the 
most common feature requests we've received has been the ability to 
control Airfoil for Mac remotely. 
With our recently-released Airfoil Remote for iOS, that's now possible! 
Whether you're hosting a party, or just too tired to get up off the couch, 
Airfoil Remote provides you with full control over your audio streaming. 
Just pull out your iPhone, iPod Touch, or iPad anywhere in the house 
to control Airfoil. 
lir 
You can turn speakers on and off, adjust their volume, and even 
change the source application from which Airfoil is pulling audio. As 
EFTA01133401
--- PAGE 4 ---
well, Airfoil Remote can control over a dozen audio sources playing 
through Airfoil, including Spotify, Rdio, and many more! 
Airfoil Remote is universal and fully compatible with all iPhones, iPads, 
and iPods Touch running iOS 5.0 or higher. You will need Airfoil for Mac 
4.8 on Mac OS X 10.7 or higher to work alongside Airfoil Remote. If 
you're an Airfoil 3 straggler, you'll need to upgrade. If you're still on Mac 
OS X 10.6, please see this link. 
Visit our site for full information on Airfoil Remote, then buy it for just 
$5 in the iOS App Store. 
If you're also an Airfoil for Windows user, stay tuned. Airfoil Remote 
doesn't yet control Airfoil for Windows, but we're working on it! 
Our First Android App 
The iPhone is an extremely popular device among our customers, and 
we've made several apps for iOS. That includes Airfoil Speakers 
Touch, which enables you to receive audio streamed from your Mac 
right on your iOS device. 
However, we know there are plenty of Mac owners who love their 
Android devices as well. With that in mind, we set about creating an 
Airfoil Speakers client for Android. Not long ago, we unveiled that 
client, and we're quite pleased with it. Now Android users can join in 
the fun of streaming audio all around the house. 
;;Airfoil Speakers for Android in Action 
If you've got an Android device and you want to send audio to it from 
your Mac (or Windows box), be sure to grab a free copy of Airfoil 
Speakers for Android. 
Fission News 
EFTA01133402
--- PAGE 5 ---
Our last newsletter detailed Fission 2.0, a 
huge upgrade to our fast and lossless audio 
editor. That update was the product of years 
of effort, and it was quite well-received. 
However, we certainly didn't stop there. 
First off, less than two months after we 
unveiled Fission 2, we shipped version 2.1. 
This update offered many improvements specifically requested by our 
users, from a full Retina-compatible interface to support for exporting 
more audio formats, like CBR MP3 and high-efficiency AAC (HE-AAC). 
Fission Icon 
A few months after that release, we were honored to have Fission 
named as one of Macworld's Mac Gems of the Year for 2012. The 
experts have spoken, and they've said Fission is great! Since then, 
we've released several smaller updates, bringing many fixes and 
improvements. We've always got more on the way, so watch for future 
updates. 
Otherwise, if you're already a Fission user, just be sure you've got the 
very latest (2.1.3 currently). You can choose "Check for Update" from 
the Fission menu, or download it directly. Of course, if you purchased 
via the Mac App Store, just open up the App Store application to get 
the latest updates. 
If you're still using Fission 1, we certainly recommend purchasing 
the heavily-discounted upgrade. 
Finally, if you haven't used Fission before, visit our site to learn more 
and download the free trial. After you've tried it, you can purchase 
directly through our store or via the Mac App Store. 
OS Updates 
Mavericks OS 
Icon 
As you may know, the next version of Mac OS 
X is coming this fall. We're already testing 
heavily on Mac OS X 10.9, also known as 
Mavericks, in order to have updates ready for 
the new OS. We hope to ship those updates 
when Mavericks arrives, if not before. Though 
that schedule may ultimately not be possible 
(as beta versions of Mac OS X are something of a moving target), 
know that we're working toward having full compatibility as soon as 
possible. 
You can track the status of our updates on our Status page. If our 
apps are crucial to your setup, be sure to check that page before 
updating your OS. 
Coinciding with the release of Mac OS X 10.9, we're gradually 
dropping support for Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard). 10.6 was 
released way back in 2009 and will shortly have been supplanted by a 
full three OS updates. From this point, future releases of our software 
will require Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion) or higher. 
EFTA01133403
--- PAGE 6 ---
If you're still on 10.6 (or even lower), don't worry! We've got well-tested, 
well-loved versions of our apps for you on our Legacy page. This page 
holds links to all kinds of legacy versions of our apps, in case you need 
them. 
And how about our iOS apps, and the new iOS 7? We'll have updates 
coming there as well, though they may take a little longer. Stay tuned! 
Closing 
That's the Rogue Amoeba news for now. To get more frequent updates. 
you can follow our Twitter account: 
You can also track our company blog, Under The Microscope: 
You can even like us on Facebook: 
As always, thanks for your support, thanks for spreading the word, and 
thanks for reading. 
Have a great day! 
-Paul 
You've received this email from Rogue Amoeba ..ecause you 
signed up for our list, likely when buying one of our products. 
Edit your subscription Unsubscribe 
Rogue Amoeba Software, LLC. 
EFTA01133404

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133405.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Bruce Galloway 
Date: The, 10 Sep 2013 21:03:55 +0000 
Attachments: Bruce_Gallowayresume.doc; PerfectStorm.doc 
Inline-Images: BruceGTrackRecordjpg 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bruce Galloway
Date: September 10, 2013, 4:44:36 PM EDT 
To: ' 
'
Subject: Fw: 
Print these out for him. Pm here till Thursday night 
Original Message 
From: Bruce Galloway 
Sent: Sunday, September 08, 2013 10:41 PM 
To: 
Jay, we need to seriously focus on doing this. Aside from the ones listed I have a lbn sales co we can get 
control of for 7mm. A 600mm asset co we can get control of for 10-15mm and a 5.5bn sales co doing 350mm 
ebitda and 400 next year for 20-30mm. Time to make it happen. In NY all week. 
YEARS 
5P500 Change 
Russell 2000 Change 
Dow Jones Change 
BRUCE GALLOWAY RETURN 
2009 
13.44% 
19.46% 
7.50% 
41.46% 
2008 
-38.49% 
-34.80% 
-33.84% 
-63.46% 
2007 
3.53% 
-2/5% 
6.43% 
-34.81% 
2006 
13.62% 
17.00% 
16.29% 
42.42% 
2005 
3.00% 
3.32% 
-0.61% 
31.75% 
2004 
8.99% 
17.00% 
3.15% 
39.99% 
2003 
26.38% 
45.37% 
25.32% 
83.24% 
2002 
-23.37% 
-21.58% 
-16.76% 
-36.69% 
2001 
-13.04% 
1.03% 
-7.10% 
56.33% 
2000 
-10.14% 
-4.20% 
-6.17% 
-58.95% 
1999 
19.53% 
19.62% 
25.22% 
904.63% 
1998 
26.67% 
-3.45% 
16.10% 
-33.47% 
1997 
31.01% 
20.52% 
22.64% 
117.37% 
1996 
20.26% 
14.76% 
26.01% 
-8.36% 
1995 
34.11% 
26.21% 
33.45% 
98.78% 
1994 
-1.54% 
-3.18% 
2.14% 
-18.87% 
1993 
7.06% 
17.00% 
13.72% 
167.06% 
Cummulative Returns 
235.18% 
269.96% 
285.80% 
3778.52% 
Average Yearly Returns 
5.16% 
6.02% 
6.37% 
23.82% 
EFTA01133405
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133406

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133407.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeffrcy E." icevacation(u gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue. 03 Feb 2015 03:25:09 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagcl.PNG 
I'm sum he greased it on. 1 still haven't met a better jet pilot than LV. 
Yesterday. No flaps installed. REAL ice nmway :) 
a 
I 
p 
Sent from my iPhonc 
On Feb 2, 2015, at 9:21 PM, jeffrey E. <j
dio nOa gmail.com> wrote: 
zero flaps • heavy. icc mnway 25 crosswind. today larrry flying 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA01133407
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of thc addressee. It is thc property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacationAgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof. 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133408

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133409.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
EFTA01133409

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133410.pdf
----------------------------------------
Firefox 
File 
Edit 
View 
History 
Bookmarks 
Tools 
Window 
Help 
D EZ O 0 * e, 40   55%Ci. Tue 8:12 PM 
Karyna Shuliak 
Q 
• 
• I 
• I 
a... 
Taking Screenshots in Mac OS X... x 
• 
- how to take a screen shot on mac 
With 
AO Share 
Ksenia Sainy likes this. 
SPONSORED s 
See A 
OUR BEST DEAL EVER 
11159 1299 
ROCK, 
P P 
a 7.) At AY 
Rosetta Stone 
rosettastone.com 
Our Best Deal Ever! Save Up to 5200 + 
Free Ship! 
ROCKY on BROADWAY 
rockybroadway.com 
The Oscar-winning story is coming to 
Broadway in 2014. Get a sneak peek! 
Windows Azure 
idowsazure.com 
Open Source ready.Once you get it. you'll 
get it.Get 5200 of Azure free 
AT&T 
at&t 
att. Ji-rt-r-
Visit bit.ly/1advXtf to see great back to 
schools deals from AT&T. 
trancis.aocx 
I ". 
• ' 
. 
EFTA01133410

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133411.pdf
----------------------------------------
ft Firefox 
File 
Edit 
View 
History 
Bookmarks 
Tools 
Window 
Help 
* 
ets
 4)) 
g3 
54% 
Tue 8:13 PM 
Karyna Shuliak 
Q 
SPONSORED 
Visit bit.ly/ ladvXtf to see great back to 
schools deals from AT&T. 
EFTA01133411

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133412.pdf
----------------------------------------
Firefox 
File 
Edit 
View 
History 
Bookmarks 
Tools 
Window 
Help 
._. a a 
Eal O O * ^ 40 .Eag 539Ci . Tue 8:16 PM 
Karyna Shuliak 
Q 
• 
• I 
• 
February 5, 2012 le 
x 
(: Taking Screenshots in Mac OS X... 
• 
ZU11...O rPerl 
ZU11...0 YM 
- haw to take a screen shot on mac 
et) [CH l a  J 1* 
Champagne-shower:) 
Share 
people like this. 
SPONSORED 91 
A 
Aereo 
at&t 
ralialaa 
OMR 0[ taw , 
t 
Like 
Sc. 
No Cable Required 
aereo.com 
With Aereo you can watch live TV shows, 
sports and news online. Click to learn 
more! 
AT&T 
att.com 
Visit bit.ly/ ladvXtf to see great back to 
schools deals from AT&T. 
Order yours now! 
dell.com 
Alienware has landed! Feel the intensity 
around you with the exclusive Alienr 
lighting. 
Agents of S.H.I.E.LD. 
Not all heroes are super. Like our page 
and stay updated! 
795,071 people like Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. 
LUIS.../ YM 
t-rancis.aocx 
a 
elep...II. 
HD 
X 
EFTA01133412

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133413.pdf
----------------------------------------
Firefox 
File 
Edit 
View 
History 
Bookmarks 
Tools 
Window 
Help 
as CI Li 
C. 
* ^ 
4')) 0 
52% 
Tue 8:17 PM 
Karyna Shuliak 
Q 
aereo.corn 
With Aereo you can watch live TV shows, 
sports and news online. Click to learn 
more! 
EFTA01133413

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133414.pdf
----------------------------------------
Firefox 
File 
Edit 
View 
History 
Bookmarks 
Tools 
Window 
Help 
Tue 8:21 PM 
Karyna Shuliak 
Q 
from bikini in Miami to fur in NY three hours of flight 
lol — at NYC. 
Get Energy and Endurance 
frs.com 
Natural antioxidants, vitamins and green 
tea power your body from within. Try FRS 
Freel 
EFTA01133414

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133415.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133415

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133416.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
Itt
a
A 
•
"igd, 
Sr 
- 
•••• 
{ * 1- 
, 
- , •-ms 
• 
• 
•
s 111.
-el 
a " • 
,sa• 
- 44. 
• 
•
..._ :••••___ a  
- 
--.. 
it 
.......„. 
^ 
.. 
• a 
- -Z,:-Irik 
-•-. 
..... 
. 
......,i' - 
-a 
'mac ''' ,,f--var- ..... 
. • 
ti•....."1/4.34/ 
SA 
.‘"111-..... 
‘ 
' 
4t.
----:, is • 
_ - 
-...... 
_ - Bt .  jet 
lir 
- 
- -- --.a. 
mir t , 
r - 
a 
:Or 
vs
-01164.6,187 
di 
, 
AI* 
ilk 
ieviS 
41.
Inge S-
-."*•.. 
! Saw
EFTA01133416

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133417.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
Ns. 
' 
,,v; 
, 
4i b li 
;1 
EFTA01133417

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133418.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133418

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133419.pdf
----------------------------------------
er 
EFTA01133419

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133420.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2013 12:37:56 +0000 
Inline-Images: image009.jpg; image008.jpg; image007.jpg 
it is not centered with regard the white leather, thats what i meant. 
On Wed, Sep 11, 2013 at 8:34 AM, Eric Roth <I 
l> wrote: 
I have attached a photo that I took the other day. 
I do not understand. 
It is centered - what you do not see is that the window line panel sits on top of the ledge. 
Further, the cup holders and switches are centered (you can still see the running center line on the brass). 
This detail coordinates extremely well with the conference table detail. 
Perhaps it is challenging to judge from photo's, but I think you need to trust me on this one. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
EFTA01133420
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Wednesday, September 11, 2013 8:28 AM 
To: Eric Roth; Ivjet 
Subject: Re: 
yes, no over hang it is not centered, nor proportional 
On Wed, Sep 11, 2013 at 8:25 AM, Eric Roth < 
> wrote: 
ERIC H. ROTH 
I PRESIDENT 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeesh:Cgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01133421
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133422

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133423.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevaeationgginail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2013 12:38:32 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg; image004.jpg; image005.jpg; image006.jpg 
It can't and should not be - the switches and cup holders need to be closer to the table or you could not comfortably reach 
them. 
It is this way on every aircraft. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
IC 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, September 11, 2013 8:38 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: 
it is not centered with regard the white leather, thats what i meant. 
On Wed, Sep 11, 2013 at 8:34 AM, Eric Roth cci 
l> wrote: 
I have attached a photo that I took the other day. 
I do not understand. 
It is centered - what you do not see is that the window line panel sits on top of the ledge. 
Further, the cup holders and switches are centered (you can still see the running center line on the brass). 
This detail coordinates extremely well with the conference table detail. 
Perhaps it is challenging to judge from photo's, but I think you need to trust me on this one. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
IC 
e 
EFTA01133423
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacSg
 mol
Sent: Wednesday, September 11, 2013 8:28 AM 
To: Eric Roth; Ivjet 
Subject: Re: 
yes, no over hang it is not centered, nor proportional 
On Wed, Sep 11, 2013 at 8:25 AM, Eric Roth <=1Ma 
wrote: 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA01133424
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133425

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133426.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133426

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133427.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
VON .110ey 
'a 
flair 
...IL 
..... 
.. 
.... k 
...a. 
AM....... 
law. 
bsiti IC 
. 
,walliika-f . 
a 
. 
-akeP arar
'arallinitillighillhvig 
0.,OlkS 
. .. 
..11"W. 
aISIOIONS
S
affilly
beee. 
eintaugarposph 
0•1. 
.. a."
W ilialleilli
i.
SUS 
be - 
..- - 
.-. 
4*.. 
wee" et:. 
CISISIMIS 
Vs. 
..a-
•-• 
u4 
rs 
s' 
-
•
•
• 
'V, 
= 
e 
sue. 
.0" 
A
r
ea 
... 
..
... ' 
..-4
T 
mearsam; 
'VW 
. # - -- %-sti "tee *Ts • -.N. 
..,. 
„ 
earivillit 
4sgorcCeae• 
suclabeffer 
"."• 
sae, 
•-
•• 
EFTA01133427

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133428.pdf
----------------------------------------
r ata, we 
-0.••
.. •••••••• 
...we 
- — "•-"' "......4. 
... 
• 
ye rbar
.  
del!
'..r .  er
dear
likerilittrnit' 
r  
.
k•rnaeg••• 
-•;AlliC 
. Inigs. 
.•.. _ . 
----: ........-
weilleyi 
.. 
Sas 
..die• 
a
le"ti
r
.14.6...
a
t
eir
..r . 
• 
.....-...nir
~a
. 5;77,1 
• 
,.
-- 
.2 • 
ires. 
-0 ''' • 
' 
.1...rig
w•wo 
-e . b 
. 
_ .. 
• vs.' • 
4c,  
„ 
. 
. a 
wt.= •••••_ 
; • 
...
I t ,a 
- 
4eis 
hoe. 
wis p 
O. 
•••••
dilate 
e 
' - 
a die • 
w 
- 
-"`• 
e.e.e 
""" 
$" 11.
, 
• 
`1•110"." 
i m.rraimmitr.
*comm.- -•• 
_ 
r-
-J 
• 
• - 
. 
Alrome 
eke 
4.• • 
7• 
. -•••••--
wee 
..- 
--re_ 
- .a. 
wile 
_..- 
. 
• 
-••• wiper. 
se, 
. 
A.. Nab •
- 
.w 
• 
rewelSe - see - 
rei l
a 
grersratisa... -
Ski 
.asesor 
Alm 
w. • 
--
•••• 
_icy* 
r
•
or 
EFTA01133428

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133429.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski 
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2013 14:13:34 +0000 
I n ne-I mages: IMG_3180.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133429

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133430.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ian Osborne <MI
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Classic 
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2013 16:48:44 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133430

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133431.pdf
----------------------------------------
flail 
AA 
Britain's 
RESTAURANTS 
—417440 
Le-
• 
- 
bOts 
I .411V 
s r r y 
VIIIMPAral. 31 
FREE AA guide 
to Britain's be 
Pick up f 
Te sco 
or Eas 
restaurants 
siik M.* 4z W Vi; 
Prince tore into eatn-t l t 1t1 
fficvrs who 
mistook him for intruder in broad iL light 
ANDREW'S 
RAGE AT 
BUNGLING 
PALACE 
POLICE 
AN INFURIATED 
Prince Andrew tore a 
strip off gun-wielding 
officers who mistook 
him for an intruder at 
Buckingham Palace. 
The Queen's son erupted in 
flay when two heavily-armed 
policemen shouted at him to 
EN tbrt. 
mkt 
Fagreand 
t 11 
f1 
'verify hia Idonlit, e a* no 
walked In broadiiavti~tll.
The ilfth-in 
fo 1.11:12hissi4* 
sOtirefli rtsmi)0411A$1 11 ht. 
stood ha ground and ‘imi. Aahll b0 
have 'made hts thoutht* 4041I' 
during the litgiq (1‘aivekt Na-
frontation that tAttoav,1 
A reval *41111Vis *AA Ile v. A\ 
kw(vNitt,ki twtedito angry. It 
WAS very inueh a ease of guns 
isolitted at hint and 'halt 
there": 
v‘ollee issued a humil-
lattt4 Apology to the Duke of York 
wire% the extiaoxduiary error 
II W6* the sekbousi 
trams° 
WAWA 
*40 what 
Ito 'Atilt 
$00Attl 
tnnornatn. tat 
ItCA11% MEW 
reve 4 
Glowing; Miss 
Winslet at a 
film festival 
I 
EFTA01133431

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133432.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2013 18:42:39 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: DBC_Funding_Opps.pdf 
Here is the website for the DBC. Lots of information can be pulled from our website — 
www.dubinbreastcenterorg.
Also, I have attached a document where we describe funding that is needed. We can also do any type of 
program that the donor is interested in. 
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2013 08:24:39 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
bill and melinda are coming on the 20th for dinner, I know you have an event , however we should speak 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133432

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133433.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem
To: Jefftey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2013 23:52:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
> Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133433
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133434
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133435

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133436.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133436

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133437.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ramsey elkholy <ramseyelkholy®hotmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: I need help 
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2013 00:19:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
I took this girl to Brazil w me and when we got back to NY she saw a text I wrote to another girl (explicit). She 
refuses to talk to me now. I want to do smth to try to make it up to her. Is there anyone you know in the fashion 
industry, designer, photographer, etc. that would do you a favor and use her? Even a quick test shooting w a well 
known photographer would be ok. She's w NY Models. Anything you could think of would be greatly 
appreciated, I really like this girl! 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133437

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133438.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133438

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133439.pdf
----------------------------------------
rt--
EFTA01133439

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133440.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133440

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133441.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133441

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133442.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ 
ealle all
MN
EFTA01133442

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133443.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ieee 1111111111-; 
23:r 
Fri 
IPIi ILO 
la 
•I 
i 7:11 ----
Ada 
x cr ill m ii A no -sur 
1-i-Q i 
- - -II Eicar 7 
en 
• 
I iii 
=Diu' gm IT il 
lir 
- - 1-' a 
T. 11r. rri • r -ri 
mill^ ----774
I I 
illr - -- -re 9TE MT MI 
111 • 
r 
"-- 
ir 
Ettz —7 
11110 
or - - ' -7- :7 - 71 • - gni 
IIII I 7:- — """ - '
- - 
II 
II 
IN 
7ff 
leel 
I'll 
till 
__ 
_ 
el 
rierr--; 
-- 
- 
[VI
_ 
-1. L 
t• ill rl 
pl Jr iv ICI 
i" 
1F7I I 
!If 11 -:f 
I 
if! 
clan 
ITI II 
I: I 
Ig 
III) 
• 
ELE m Ili Tim imirmno In =I 
st: 
II •I 
Tom 
it 
ig Ai kw] _u l I ..kto LI Ut -
-1 nil  
 j;
I
I TIE 
IEEITIMM 
a 
711, TEO 1W301150 
I in m 
S 
EFTA01133443

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133444.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133444

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133445.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: S10500/K 
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2013 10:36:40 +0000 
Attachments: 6.JPG; 5.1PG; 4.JPG; 3.JPG; 2.1PG; 1.JPG 
Please advise 
From: Adam Zygowski 
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2013 12:30:41 +0200 
To: Richard Kahn < 
Subject: 510500/K 
Hi Richard, 
Enclosed please find our suggestion for the benches inside the cabin. 
On previous boats we made GRP benches, however these ones, made of stainless steel, would be more neat. 
In the passage there would be a foldable seat - the question is do you need it? 
Best regards 
Adam Zygowski 
SPORTIS S.A. 
Rejestracja: Sad Rejonowy Gdansk Petnoc Oddziat w Gdarisku, 
VIII Wydzial Gospodarczy KRS nr 0000067475, 
kapitat zaktadowy: 2.058.170 PLN w calotci optacony. 
Regon 191726929, NIP 588-18-40-279 
Registered with no: 0000067475 in Regional Court Gdarisk-Potnoc in Gdansk. 
Share capital: 2.058.170 PLN Paid. VAT UE: PL 5881840279 
EFTA01133445

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133446.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01133446

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133447.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133447

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133448.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133448

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133449.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133449

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133450.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133450

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133451.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133451

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133452.pdf
----------------------------------------
err/p trig
EFTA01133452

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133453.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133453

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133454.pdf
----------------------------------------
1- 
1-' • 
"" 
• ' 
;•gro.b,. 
• 
4". 
_
•
•
.
•
EFTA01133454

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133455.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133455

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133456.pdf
----------------------------------------
 ..
\ 
A 
' 
• 
' 
\• 
• . 
/ 
I I f' 
I 
iss 
dirt , 
-Z. • 
Yr' 
• 
;Sk 
EFTA01133456

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133457.pdf
----------------------------------------
6' 
EFTA01133457

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133458.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133458

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133459.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133459

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133460.pdf
----------------------------------------
' 
a - 
-- 
- 
-setwtOri:.-"14 
_ 
•
%W. 
nr 4tar 
r•-"Cw7 
- 
- 
- •
. 
_ 
EFTA01133460

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133461.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133461

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133462.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
raii: Pt- 
;zee 
t -> ••• 
44. 
Iii 
EFTA01133462

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133463.pdf
----------------------------------------
I
EFTA01133463

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133464.pdf
----------------------------------------
",:a 
- 
EFTA01133464

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133465.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133465

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133466.pdf
----------------------------------------
M4 
A 
4kv..1‘.6:-seli";.:
I 
skill; ciNstt :;•411 Yi•ip 
• -  • • • 1t 
vi -- es-AkitbrilfocOrts 
iA I .• cke .. vpv,44\ 
1: tv 
Jana 
.-ffr 
' f t 
Fr,f/r 
EFTA01133466

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133467.pdf
----------------------------------------
VTIRR 
EFTA01133467

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133468.pdf
----------------------------------------
m
Panasonic 
EFTA01133468

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133469.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133469

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133470.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133470

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133471.pdf
----------------------------------------
..s.thisas...... 
I a_.-1111. a 
EFTA01133471

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133472.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133472

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133473.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133473

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133474.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133474

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133475.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Twitter <info®twitter.com> 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Tweets from Brad Lander, Michael Calderone, and 6 others 
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2013 12:29:23 +0000 
Jeffrey epstein, 
Here's what's trending on Twitter this week. 
yr 
Brad Lander @bradlander 
Love this! RT @NYTMetro: The student who designed the 
city's "I Voted" slicker handed them out at one polling place 
nyti.ms/1eBrfYY 
2013 NYC Primaries 
Tracking the primary elections in New York City with live 
updates from around the city. photos, video and complete 
results from the race for mayor. Polling places are open until 
Did you vote today? The Times... 
lir 
ler 
IF; 
IF; 
IF; 
SA 
ISA 
;1".1 
RELATED TWEETS 
Sep 
r;t:i
Michael Calderone @mlcalderone 
NY Mag: "So you should buy the NY Post" Bloomberg: "No. 
I would try to upscale it, and that's what would destroy it." 
nym.ag/168e5Pv 
"3 / Sep 
In Conversation: Michael Bloomberg 
The mayor has harsh words for Bill de Blasio, rebuts the charge that he's in the 
tank for the wealthy, questions just how poor the poor really are, and considers 
(for the first time) what he might like named after him. 
LN: I 9
a".4 
RELATED TWEETS 
Azi Paybarah @Azi 
+1 RT @anniekarni: Excited 4 @Azi + @danarubinstein! RT 
@BuzzFeedBen: really exciting for journalism in this town. 
Sep 
POLITICO publisher buys Capital New York 
In an ambitious play for the New York market, POLITICO publisher Robert 
Allbritton has purchased the online news site Capital New York. with plans to 
make "a substantial investment" in the business and more than... 
;1 321 
;1 321 
;1 321 
;1 321 
;L
.'
RELATED 'MEETS 
EFTA01133475
--- PAGE 2 ---
ii, 
ryan sutton @qualityrye 
The larger question is will @DominiqueAnsel start selling 
 CRONUT holes at some point? bit.ly/14zouWk 
rr 
Shake Shack Cronut Hole Concretes Are the New 
Cronuts 
Next Tuesday, September 17, the Madison Square Park 
location of Shake Shack will serve a butter-caramel Concrete 
made with four cinnamon-sugar Cronut Holes from 
Dominique Ansel Bakery. Mr. Ansel... 
RELATED TWEETS 
Sep 
Bill Clinton @billclinton 
.@serenawilliams Congrats on your 5th #USOpen and 17th 
Grand Slam. I had a great time watching the match 
yesterday. 
J 9 in 
RETWEETS 
Sep 
Maggie Gordon ©MagEGordon 
Next week's Trending explores unmarried couples who are 
cohabitating (like me, but obviously not me!). That you? 
Tweet me! I'd love to chat! 
Ri I 3RENVEETS 
Sep 
Kate Taylor @katetaylornyt 
My female cab driver, a registered Republican, said, 
"There's no life after Bloomberg as far as I'm concemed... I 
want him to be king." 
IA 
'lit  I REIWEETS 
Brian Lehrer Show @BrianLehrer 
FYI, yes it's illegal to take a pic of your ballot or inside 
booth. So snap your #VoterSelfie from line or after you've 
pulled the lever! 
Pi I Pi 2RETNEETS 
Sep 
Sep 
Don't miss out. Stay up to date on what's happening. 
Go to Twitter 
EFTA01133476
--- PAGE 3 ---
Forgot your Twitter password? Get instructions on how to reset it. 
You can also unsubscribe from these emails or change your notification settings. Need help? 
If you received this message in error and did not sign up for Twitter. click not my account. 
Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market St.. Suite 900 San Francisco. CA 94103 
EFTA01133477

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133478.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Lingerie 
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2013 19:10:08 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg 
EFTA01133478

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133479.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133479

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133480.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kickstarter HQ <no-reply@lcickstarter.cotn> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Projects We Love: Set Creativity Free! 
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2013 18:35:00 +0000 
it 
This week in Kickstarter 
We're excited about opening up to Canada-based  projects! So far, over 125 
projects have launched, while 3,196 (!!) have been started. We can't wait to 
see all the incredible things Canadians are making. 
In the meantime, we're gearing up for our launch in Australia and New 
Zealand. Aussies and Kiwis, keep your eyes peeled! 
Prniarfc Wa I nun 
EFTA01133480
--- PAGE 2 ---
[;1]Set Chopin Free 
Set Chopin Free 
By Aaron Dunn 
Three years ago MusOpen launched a Kickstarter project to record 
symphonies by Beethoven, Brahms, Sibelius, and Tchaikovsky and make them 
available for all to hear, and use, for free. Their efforts were so successful that 
they've decided to do it again, this time with the legendary music of Frederic 
Chopin. 
EFTA01133481
--- PAGE 3 ---
i;.,The People's Opera: New York City Opera's 2013-2014 Season 
The People's Opera: New York City Opera's 2013-2014 Season 
By New York City Opera 
It's not every day that an important cultural institution opens itself up to its 
audience, but that's exactly what the New York City Opera is doing. This 
storied opera company is fighting to save its 2013-2014 season, and in doing 
so, it is inviting the audience into its world like never before. 
EFTA01133482
--- PAGE 4 ---
Little Robot Friends 
Little Robot Friends 
By Aesthetec Studio 
One of the coolest Canada-based projects we've seen so far is Little Robot 
Friends a customizable set of adorable autonomous objects whose 
personalities grow as you interact with them. A really fun project, and a great 
sign of things to come from projects in Canada! 
Make a pie cookbook. 
Or a mural of pi. 
Learn more about starting a project. 
A new way to discover new projects. 
Get the Kickstarter app for iPhone. 
EFTA01133483
--- PAGE 5 ---
Don't want to keep getting our newsletter? That's okay, you can unsubscribe. 
Find us elsewhere: 
UL
 1;17 
Copyright 2013 Kickstarter Inc. 155 Rivington Street, New York, NY 10002 
iPhone is a registered trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. 
EFTA01133484

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133485.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: G Sera <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Can you please call me when you can? 
Date: Thu, 27 Feb 2014 12:50:59 +0000 
Attachments: bdg_2014_V5_WITH_2DAY.xls; Nologo_2014_-_V5.xlsx 
Jeff, 
here are the numbers of 2morrow and 2day. This is the cash flow I review monthly and what I use to keep 
operations under control. Cash flow is much better than accounting for this purpuse as a properly run modeling 
operation does not generate long term payables (we pay the models immediately after teh job). I quickly put the 
lablels in english please let me know if anything is not clear. 2day was launched a little over 1 year ago and will 
be cashflow positive in approx 6 months. 
I then am sending a second file for NologoMGMT (former Future). This is separate because there is another GM 
there (Mauro instead of Giancarlo). The company was launched only 18 months ago and is cash-flow positive as 
you can see. 
G 
On Thu, Feb 27, 2014 at 11:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
can you send me the numbers for 2 morrow 2day etc. . 
On Wed, Feb 26, 2014 at 6:42 PM, G Sera < 
wrote: 
When you want. 
Thank you for your guidance 
On Wednesday, February 26, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Talk this weekend 
On Wednesday, February 26, 2014, G Sera 
> wrote: 
I agree but they ask me to commit to a 3 year time. I am sure they will put some good money behind the 
commitment but that's nt the point. The low risk solution for me is to take position and keep the rest on 
the side, but you are very smart and experienced and I value your input. 
I never like to feel like I have to do anything, even if it's a great opportunity and a step up. I am built 
like that. 
I very much appreciate your thoughts. 
G 
On Wednesday, February 26, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what would you Ike to do. why not take the new position , at least for awhile. „ no downside, 
otherwise present me a biz plan 
On Wed, Feb 26, 2014 at 4:18 PM, G Sera < 
wrote: 
EFTA01133485
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thank you 
Thank you 
Gianni 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***** ****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA01133486
--- PAGE 3 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133487

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133488.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 05 Sep 2013 18:09:29 +0000 
Attachments: img-903172739-0001.pdf 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133488

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133489.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 05 Sep 2013 18:10:15 +0000 
Attachments: img-903172739-0001.pdf 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133489

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133490.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kickstarter HQ ono-reply@kickstartencom> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Projects We Love: Rewrite History 
Date: Thu, 05 Sep 2013 19:35:12 +0000 
I t 
This week in Kickstarter 
We're sharing a few projects that look to the past... while we're planning for the 
future! For Kickstarter, the future means opening up to projects based in 
Canada on Monday, Sept. 9, and soon after to projects based in Australia and 
New Zealand. We can't wait! 
Prniartc Wit) I nva 
EFTA01133490
--- PAGE 2 ---
Budnik - Marching To The Freedom Dream 
Dan Budnik - Marching To The Freedom Dream 
By Trolley Books 
In 1963, photographer Dan Budnik went to Washington •. 
to document a 
civil rights march. That day became one of the most famous in modern 
American history, culminating in Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have A Dream" 
speech. To commemorate the 50th anniversary of the march, Budnik is 
publishing a new book with his photos from that day. 
EFTA01133491
--- PAGE 3 ---
L. FUBAR: MOTHER RUSSIA 
FUBAR: MOTHER RUSSIA 
By Jeff McComsey 
Two years ago, graphic novelist Jeff McComsley's FUBAR 2 went from 
Kickstarter project to the New York Times Best Sellers List. Jeffs now back 
with a new graphic novel, Mother Russia. It takes place in 1943 in Stalingrad, 
where zombies have taken the city hostage and the only hope for the people is 
a single baby with a long rifle. 
EFTA01133492
--- PAGE 4 ---
le:L1Rainbow Pencils 
Rainbow Pencils 
By Duncan Shotton 
Pencils don't just write on paper; they can also be made of it. Duncan Shotton 
figured this out, and has been working to create a new pencil made entirely 
from recycled paper. His adorable project, Rainbow Pencils also unravels in 
lovely rainbow shapes when sharpened. 
Fund the thing in your head. 
Learn more about starting a project. 
EFTA01133493
--- PAGE 5 ---
Follow great projects. Discover new favorites. 
The Kickstarter app for iPhone, with personalized activity feeds. 
Don't want to keep getting our newsletter? That's okay, you can unsubscribe. 
Find us elsewhere: 
FF I 
Copyright 2013 Kickstarter Inc. 155 Rivington Street, New York, NY 10002 
iPhone is a registered trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. 
EFTA01133494

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133495.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Linkedln Updates <updates(klinkedin.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leeprojectgyahoo.com> 
Subject: Linkedln Network Updates, 9105/2013 
Date: Thu. 05 Sep 2013 21:56:33 +0000 
Lirieclo 
Network Updates, Aug 29 - Sep 5 
;,; Linkedln 
Featured Updates 
cys./Vil I ;564 
la 
ar 
William Elkus is now connected to Mary Allison 
Updates from Your Extended Network 
Connect with them to see what they're up to 
g)ve 
tte 
an 
• 
GrSh 
aw 
; Lye 
rea 
View All Updates 
Wetter Karina Caballero Nielsen reported in its 2012 Truth in Advertising Survey that 70 percent of global consumers view consumer reviews as the 
second most trusted form of advertising. If Gartner's predictions are right. that trust may no longer be warranted due to fake reviews... Read on 
The Rise of Fake Social Media Reviews 
Communications professionals are always asked about the value of social media. A tried and true go-to answer has been: authenticity - social 
media comes straight from the consumers themselves, in real time and without any direction, editing or... 
C Conned with haute Karim • Comment 
Manoj Thakkar This season. Intuit salutes you, the small business owner: http:/fintuilbizijDUaN ffTearnSmallBiz 
;:jrituit 
Intuit Small Business Big Game. The Opportunity of a Lifetime. 
Small 
This year, IN going to watch the Big Game for the commercials. More specifically, for mine! Intuit is giving one small business a 
Business Big Tv commercial on the 2014 Big Game. I just entered. so please help me out and vote for my entry! 
Game. The 
C Connect with Manes • Comment 
Shawn Van Wie-Gibson Mark your calendars because Crown Point Property Service will be on httpliowlytoBJcA. Tuesday. October 1st. 2013 
from 11am to 11:30am. There will be LIVE action and lots to hear about. Can't make it. don't worry because we will be on the internal at 
http://ow.ly/oBJc4. 
;LKOCK 
KOCK RADIO STATION 
RADIO 
'Real' Prom Coming To Vampire Diaries' Set On Wednesday. 'Vampire Diaries' executive producer Julie Plec took to Twitter to 
STATION 
talk about wrapping season four, and now Nina Dobrev is dropping a few fun deets about how it will all... 
C Conned Leah Shaun • Comment 
Serealities, Change the Story http:filnkdriVVV_RkGr 
; hi -°ve
Spells 
View All Updates 
Jove Saes 
Voting for episode 5 closed September 6. 2013. The majority of readers voted for this to happen next: Angelique 
sends messages to three different men saying she will be waiting on the lakefront public beach in town to be picked up by 
whoever comes... 
C Connect with Sectaries • Comment 
How 
about 
these ; Was G Tiff 
aanr 
aany 
Uddin 
Marsh 
Bosse ;11rGena Vw nit 
labn 
a
Mel 
Mark 
terra, 
aeon 
Gourd 
;and 
ni 
Sues 
;
duii 
e. 
Jeffrey David r:Cec D.ae DAnd 
In dia watts warea 
Steen Garret Sterne 
;611.1 
ce 
Klen 
Roe 
ca1 a
Lukats p 
Karen 
kTas ertzel Lances 
Epstein 
Bryant 
Webber 
people? 
Ss
emu 
el 
71, ,ri•Jil 
r. 
o- .:r .g 
'Ir tv 
I Learn wh we included this ta 2013. Linkedln Consotalion. 2029 Slienin Ct. Mountain View CA 94043. USA 
EFTA01133495

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133496.pdf
----------------------------------------
From•
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: :) 
Date: Thu, 05 Sep 2013 21:57:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
U can frame this one :))) 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133496

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133497.pdf
----------------------------------------
From•
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:38:29 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133497
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133498
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133499

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133500.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:38:48 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133500
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133501
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133502

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133503.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:39:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133503
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133504
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133505

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133506.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:39:22 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133506
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133507
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133508

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133509.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:39:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133509
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133510
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent from my iPho 
EFTA01133511
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01133512

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133513.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:39:48 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133513
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133514
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133515

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133516.pdf
----------------------------------------
From•
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:40:01 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133516
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133517
--- PAGE 3 ---
-...-
EFTA01133518

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133519.pdf
----------------------------------------
From•
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:40:20 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133519
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133520
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133521

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133522.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:40:41 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133522
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133523
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133524
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01133525

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133526.pdf
----------------------------------------
Froin
> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:40:52 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133526
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133527
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133528

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133529.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alesia 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:41:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133529
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133530
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent from my 
EFTA01133531
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01133532

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133533.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:41:21 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133533
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133534
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent from my iPhon 
EFTA01133535
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01133536

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133537.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133537

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133538.pdf
----------------------------------------
Froin
> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 01:42:28 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133538
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133539
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent from my iPho 
EFTA01133540
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01133541

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133542.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133542

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133543.pdf
----------------------------------------
I
EFTA01133543

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133544.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133544

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133545.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: <no subject> 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 19:03:20 +0000 
Attachments: STC_EDC_acceptancejetter[2].pdf 
Attached is STC EDC acceptance letter which requires both dental and health insurance to be paid 100% by STC for employees 
and dependents 
In addition it requires $50,000 min life insurance per employee 
EFTA01133545

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133546.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01133546

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133547.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace <I 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2013 23:55:12 +0000 
Attachments: Desert_rose_(1).JPG; Desert_rose_(2).JPG; Desert_rose_(3).JPG; Desert_rose_(4).JPG; 
Desert_rose_(5).JPG 
Greetings Sir, 
Attached for your review and comments are photos of the "Desert rose" 7 gallon, planted at the man entrance. 
Chris confirmed that the miniature roses 3 gallon were not delivered. Based on the price list, they were 
substituted out for Gardenia "Nitida" 3 gallon. 
On Fri, Sep 6, 2013 at 10:59 AM, Daphne Wallace < 
wrote: 
Greetings Sir, 
Miniature roses (3 gals) and 48 Desert roses (7 gal) were part of the $56K order. 
The "Desert roses" are planted in the stone planters at the main entrance. 
Chris believes the miniature roses were substituted for another plant. He is checking his notes. I will send 
photos of both to you. 
Respectfully 
Daphne 
On Sep 6, 2013 10:59 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
--- 
Forwarded message  
From: Ken Holmes  
Date: Fri, Sep 6, 2013 at 10:47 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
I'm not sure what you're referring to- we didn't send any roses. As to the grasses, Chris is getting me a count 
for replacements. 
Kenneth Holmes 
Cruzan Gardens lit 
EFTA01133547
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 2, 2013, at 6:06 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
none of the roses survived, much of the grass has died. ? ideas? 
****** ***************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133548

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133549.pdf
----------------------------------------
t's 
r 
• 
,..rarre —4  44 
EFTA01133549

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133550.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133550

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133551.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
EFTA01133551

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133552.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133552

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133553.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133553

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133554.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Sat, 07 Sep 2013 14:22:25 +0000 
Importance: normal 
Attachments: ATT00822.jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01133554

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133555.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133555

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133556.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
>, ICaryna 
Shuliak  
Date: Sat, 07 Sep 2013 23:50:50 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
View fromMfuture apartment. She will sit there with ■ 
;) 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133556

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133557.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bcc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Gregory Brown 
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 09/08/2013 
Sun, 08 Sep 2013 08:17:04 +0000 
Experts_Fear_That_U.S._Plan_to_Strike_Syria_Overlooks_Risks_Anne_Bamard_&_Alissa 
Rubin)NYT_August_30,2013.pdf; 
Experts_to_Obama,fiereis_What_to_Do_in_Syria_Daniel_Halper_The_Weekly_Standard 
August_27,2013.pdf; 
these_Are_The_36_Countries_That_Have_Better_Healthcare_Systems_Adam_Taylor_and_ 
Samuel_Blackstone_Business_Insider- June_29,2012.pdf; 
David_Frost_Deadjegendary_Broadcaster_Dies_At_74_AP_September_l ,_2013.pdf; 
Syria_Vote_Complicates_Congressional_Fiscal_Debate_David_Lawder_Reuters_09_01_20 
13.pdf; Obama_Budget._Whats_Inside_Sam_Stein_Huff_Post_04_05_2013.pdf; 
Microsoft_To_Acquire_Nokia's_Mobile_Phone_Business_For_$7.2_Billion_Reuters_Septe 
mber_02,_2013.pdf; 
Verizon,yodafone_Agree_On_$130_Billion_DealiCate_Holtottllainaionas_Reuters_ 
September_02,2013.pdf; 
The_Hardest_and_Most_Productive_Workers_in_Europe_Floating_Path_Feb_27,_2012.pdf; 
10_hardest_working_countries_CNN_Money_September_2,_2013.pdf; 
The_5_most_competitive_countries_in_the_world_CNN_Money_September_2,_2013.pdf; 
The_Twenty_Most_Productive_Nations_In_The_World_Douglas_McIntyre_24-
7_Wall_St._.pdf; 
US_manufacturing_expands_atfastest_rate_since_July_2011_Dominic_Rushe_The_Guardi 
an_September_3,2013.pdf; 
World's_shortest_work_weeks_CNN_Money_September_2013.pdf; 
On_the_Edge_of_Poverty,_at_the_Center_of_a_Debate_on_Food_Stamps_Sheryl_Stolberg_ 
NYT_September_4,2013.pdf; 
Brutality_of_Syrian_Rebels_Posing_Dilemma_in_West_C.J._Chiviers_NYT_September_5, 
_20I3.pdf; 
What_the_intelligence_on_Syria_shows,_in_one_graphic_Sean_Sullivan_TWP_September_ 
6,_2013.pdf; 
If_Congress_Says_Not_On_Syria,_What_Happens_Nextiason_Linkins_Huff_Post_Septe 
mber_6,_2013.pdf 
image.png; image(1).png; image(2).png; image(3).png; image(4).png; image(5).png; 
image(6).png; image(7).png; image(8).png; image(9).png; image(10).png; image(11).png; 
image(12).png; image(I3).png; image(I4).png; image(I5).png; image(16).png; 
image(17).png 
DEAR FRIEND 
EFTA01133557
--- PAGE 2 ---
In the early 196os I met James Baldwin in New York when he was meeting with my father. Being a 
young teenager he was pleasantly surprised that I was a fan of his writings, and later on when he wrote 
The Fire Next Time and Blues For Mister Charlie, I began to really understand why. In the 
early 197os I reconnected with James and he and legendary raconteur and bar/club owner Johnny 
Romero, both became my godfathers in Paris. I still treasure the many times that I spent with Baldwin 
in the South of France, Paris and in New York, surrounded with the likes of Marlon Brando, Charlton 
Heston, Yves Montand, Paco Rabanne, Alvin Ailey, Beauford Delaney, Josephine Baker, other 
prominent writers, artist, philosophers along with a host of colorful characters. Two weeks ago 
on PBS's AMERICAN MASTERS they rebroadcast — The Price of the Ticket which is a 
wonderful video biography based on a is a collection of essays spanning more than 4o years by James 
Baldwin that was published in 1985. The film was originally broadcast August 14, 1989 on PBS. 
Video Website: http://video.pbs.org/video/2365066093/ 
James Baldwin (1924-1987) was at once a major twentieth century American author, a Civil Rights 
activist and, for two crucial decades, a prophetic voice calling Americans, Black and white, to confront 
their shared racial tragedy. James Baldwin: The Price of the Ticket captures on film the 
passionate intellect and courageous writing of a man who was born black, impoverished, gay and 
gifted. Please also feel free to look at the attached review of the book review by Terry Teachout in 
December 1985. One of the most wonderful things about being with James Baldwin was that you were 
always surrounded by interesting people discussing engaging things, usually in corner of a Parisian 
cafe or in the cave of the Relais Bison (Baldwin's favorite Parisian hotel back in the day) or the 
veranda of his and other friend's homes in the South of France, over drinks, coffee and in a haze of 
smoke from endless cigarettes. 
EFTA01133558
--- PAGE 3 ---
And the video, James Baldwin: The Price of the Ticket uses striking archival footage to evoke 
the atmosphere of Baldwin's formative years - the Harlem of the 3os, his father's fundamentalist 
church and the émigré demimonde of postwar Paris. Newsreel clips from the '6O's record Baldwin's 
running commentary on the drama of the Civil Rights movement. The film also explores his quiet 
retreats in Paris, the South of France, Istanbul and Switzerland - places where Baldwin was able to 
write away from the racial tensions of America. 
Writers Maya Angelou, Amiri Baraka, Ishmael Reed, William Styron and biographer David Leeming 
place Baldwin's work in the African-American literary tradition - from slave narratives and black 
preaching to their own contemporary work. The film skillfully links excerpts from Baldwin's major 
books - Go Tell it on the Mountain, Notes of a Native Son, Another Country, The Fire 
Next Time, Blues for Mister Charlie, If Beale Street Could Talk - to different stages in 
Black-white dialogue and conflict. Towards the end of his life, as America turned its back on the 
challenge of racial justice, Baldwin became frustrated but rarely bitter. Still he kept writing and 
reaching in the strengthened belief that: "All men are brothers - That's the bottom line." Please enjoy 
and I hope that The Price of the Ticket touches you as much as James Baldwin inspired me. 
****** 
This poem, written by an African child was nominated for 
the Best Poem of 2005. 
Colour 
When I born, I black;When I grow up I black;When I go in 
sun I black; 
When I scared, I black;When I sick, I black; 
And when I die, I still black; 
And U White fellows; 
When U born, U pink; 
When U grow up, U white 
When U go in sun, U red; 
When U cold, U blue; 
When U scared, U yellow; 
When U sick, U green; 
When U die, U grey; 
And U call me coloured 
Clever Typographic Posters That Visualize 
The Meanings Of Words 
Website: http://designtaxi.comffiews/360214/Clever-Typographic-Posters-That-Visualize-The-Meanings-Of-Words/ 
EFTA01133559
--- PAGE 4 ---
****** 
A week ago Saturday, famed British journalist, comedian, writer, media personality and TV host Sir 
David Paradine Frost, OBE (7 April 1939 — 31 August 2013), died at the aged 94, on board the 
cruise ship Queen Elizabeth, on which he had been engaged as a speaker. After graduating from the 
University of Cambridge, Frost rose to prominence in the UK when he was chosen to host the satirical 
program That Was the Week That Was in 1962. His success on this show led to work as a host on 
US television. He became known for his television interviews with senior political figures, among 
them The Nixon Interviews with former United States President Richard Nixon in 1977, which 
were adapted into a stage play and film. Frost was one of the 'Famous Five' who were behind the 
launch of ITV breakfast station TV-am in 1983. For the BBC, he hosted the Sunday morning 
interview program Breakfast with Frost from 1993 to 2005. He spent two decades as host of 
Through the Keyhole. From 2006 to 2012 he hosted the weekly program Frost Over the World 
on Al Jazeera English and from 2012, the weekly program The Frost Interview. 
I first meet David Frost setting next to him on a Concorde flight when he was doing weekly television 
shows in both New York and London and commuting each week between the US and UK. And then in 
2001 we met again when I dated one of his wife's (Carina) closest girlfriends and on a number of times 
found myself with their other girlfriends husbands (when the girls went out on a hen nights) who 
included the likes of Sting, Andrew Lloyd Weber, Maurice and Charles Saatchi and Frost. Like James 
Baldwin, he was an interesting man who surrounded himself with amazing people and many stories 
entertained me and others time and again. Prior to his marriage and settling into domesticity with 
Carina and his young children, Frost was known for dating some of the most glamorous women in the 
world, including (black) American actress Diahann Caroll. 
Website: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-207 162-57600899Jsir-david-frost-famed-for-nixon-
interviews-dead-at-74/ 
In a television career that spanned half a century across both sides of the Atlantic, Frost interviewed a 
long list of the world's most powerful and famous, including virtually every British prime minister and 
U.S. president of his time. He also was a gifted entertainer, a born TV host, and his amiable and 
EFTA01133560
--- PAGE 5 ---
charming personality was often described as the key to his success as interviewer. "Being interviewed 
by him was always a pleasure but also you knew that there would be multiple stories the next day 
arising from it," former British Prime Minister Tony Blair said. Blair's former communications chief, 
Alastair Campbell, added on Twitter that Frost was "one of best interviewers because his sheer 
niceness could lull you into saying things you didn't intend." 
Frost, 94, died of a heart attack on Saturday night aboard the Queen Elizabeth cruise ship, where he 
was due to give a speech, his family said. The BBC said it received the statement from Frost's family 
saying it was devastated and asking "for privacy at this difficult time." The cruise company Cunard 
said its vessel left the English port of Southampton on Saturday for a io-day cruise in the 
Mediterranean. 
Frost, the son of a Methodist preacher began television hosting while still a student at Cambridge 
University, and soon after graduation was approached by a BBC producer to front "That Was The 
Week That Was." He went on to host a sketch show called "The Frost Report" and became a 
regular figure on U.S. television. Behind the camera, Frost also co-founded two television companies, 
London Weekend Television and breakfast station TV-am, churning out a prolific amount of 
programs. 
Over the years his interviewees included a wide-ranging roster of politicians and celebrities, from 
Russia's Mikhail Gorbachev to Pakistan's Benazir Bhutto to leading entertainment figures such as 
Orson Welles and the Beatles. He was the only person to have interviewed the last eight British prime 
ministers and the seven U.S. presidents in office from 1969 to 2008. Besides the Nixon interviews, one 
of the more memorable moments included a tense interview with Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 
over the sinking of the Argentine warship during the Falklands conflict. "He could be -- and certainly 
was with me -- both a friend and a fearsome interviewer," Cameron said. 
In later years Frost kept up his probing questioning of political leaders, although some came to 
criticize him for being "too nice" to his subjects. Somewhat incongruously, he also hosted a game show 
called "Through the Keyhole" that spied on the homes of celebrities from 1987 to 2008. "His sense of 
humor shone through everything he did," Richard Brock, a producer who worked with Frost at Al-
Jazeera, told the broadcaster. "He wasn't all heavyweight, political interviews. He really got a kick 
out of some of the lighter stuff" Frost, who wrote about a dozen books, won numerous awards and 
was knighted in 1993. Most recently he was hosting programs for Al-Jazeera English, where he had 
worked since its launch several years ago. As a young man from modest means, Frost was the victim of 
snobbery by the blue-bloods in Cambridge, which sparked both his ambition and helped him hone the 
skills that made him almost impossible to dislike. But the biggest laugh that he made have left on 
those Cambridge snobs, is that this unassuming British version of Dick Cavett left a $200 million 
estate and became an icon of his generation. 
"Unless African Americans put together a coherent educational and 
economic strategy, they risk becoming a permanent underclass within 20 
years. Black business people will have to lead; you must build an alternative 
economic and educational system as soon as you can. For 400 
years, we've been in the lowest levels of a real-l(fe Monopoly game. You do 
not have enough wealth and power to be competitive. And time is running 
out on you." 
Dr. Claude Anderson 
THE FIVE STORY BUILDING PLAN 
EFTA01133561
--- PAGE 6 ---
First Floor: Economics 
Second Floor: Politics 
Third Floor: Law Enforcement, Police Departments, Court and Judicial 
Systems 
Media 
Fifth Floor: Education System 
"One had better die fighting against injustice than die like a dog or a rat in a trap." 
-Ida B. Wells 
You can substitute (African American) with Gay, Hispanic, Women, 
Native Americans, Immigrants, Disabled, Iraqi Veterans and Elderly, and 
like the Civil Rights Movement in the 195os and 196os taught a whole 
generation that you can go out and take charge of your own history with 
these five building blocks are essential for advancement and societal 
change. 
****** 
Last Monday was Labor Day, which is a holiday celebrated on the first Monday in September. It is a 
celebration of the American labor movement and is dedicated to the social and economic achievements 
of workers. It constitutes a yearly national tribute to the contributions workers have made to the 
strength, prosperity, and well-being of their country. Labor Day was promoted by the Central Labor 
Union and the Knights of Labor, who organized the first parade in New York City. After the 
Haymarket Massacre, US President Grover Cleveland feared that commemorating Labor Day on 
May 1 could become an opportunity to commemorate the affair. Thus, in 1887, it was established as an 
official holiday in September to support the Labor Day that the Knights favored. 
In 1888, Matthew Maguire, a machinist, first proposed the holiday while serving as secretary of the 
CLU (Central Labor Union) of New York. Others argue that it was first proposed by Peter J. McGuire 
of the American Federation of Labor in May 1882, after witnessing the annual labor festival held in 
Toronto, Canada. Oregon was the first state to make it a holiday on February 21, 1887. By the time it 
became a federal holiday in 1894, thirty states officially celebrated Labor Day. 
Following the deaths of a number of workers at the hands of the U.S. military and U.S. Marshals 
during the Pullman Strike, the United States Congress unanimously voted to approve rush legislation 
that made Labor Day a national holiday; President Grover Cleveland signed it into law a mere six days 
after the end of the strike. The September date originally chosen by the CLU of New York and 
observed by many of the nation's trade unions for the past several years was selected rather than the 
more widespread International Workers' Day because Cleveland was concerned that observance of the 
latter would be associated with the nascent Communist, Syndicalist and Anarchist movements that, 
though distinct from one another, had rallied to commemorate the Haymarket Affair in 
International Workers' Day. All U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and the territories have 
made it a statutory holiday. 
EFTA01133562
--- PAGE 7 ---
To truly celebrate this tradition, I suggest that everyone see the powerful documentary "Inequality 
for All" which was an unexpected hit at the Sundance film festival earlier this year, arguing that US 
capitalism has fatally abandoned the middle classes while making the super-rich richer. Former 
Secretary of Labor Robert Reich, a noted economic expert, is featured in this new documentary. The 
film looks at the American economy through the lens of widening income inequality—currently at 
historic highs—and explores the gap's effects on the economy and democracy. "When you're living in 
it day-to-day, it doesn't hit you with the same force as when you step back and see that this has been 
growing and widening for a very long time,"Jacob Kornbluth, the movie's director, said on the show. 
The federal minimum wage is currently $7.25 per hour. Reich has argued in the past for the wage to 
increase to $9 per hour. Strikes involving thousands of fast-food workers across seven cities launched 
earlier this week demanding a base wage of $15 per hour and the right to form a union. But 
there isn't one specific factor to close the gap. Education, structural infrastructure investments, tax 
reform, and capital markets all contribute to the problem, Reich said. "These structural problems are 
endemic around the world, but it doesn't mean we've got to throw up our hands and say, 'We can't do 
anything about them,' "he said on Morning Joe. "If we don't actually get to work dealing with these 
really savage inequalities, we are going to have an economy that's not working." Infant mortality 
rates are worse in the United States than in other industrialized countries, and Americans' median 
wage decreases instead of increases. 
INEQUALITY FOR ALL 
Trailer Website: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIONaFG2B_kttt=138 
Robert Reich, the Secretary of Labor in the Clinton administration and the subject of the upcoming 
documentary "Inequality for All," shares a Labor Day message about how we can do better by 
workers. In the video, he announces a petition campaign to pressure McDonald's' and Walmart's CEOs 
to pay their workers a fair wage of $15/hour. 
I. Living Wage 
2. Larger Earn Income Tax Credit (E.I.T.C.) 
3. Universal Affordable Childcare 
4. Good Schools and access to College or Technical Schools 
5. Universal Affordable Health Insurance 
6. Union Rights, so that workers can have a voice at the table and bargaining power 
EFTA01133563
--- PAGE 8 ---
Synopsis 
A passionate argument on behalf of the middle class, INEQUALITY FOR ALL features Robert Reich 
—professor, best-selling author, and Clinton cabinet member—as he demonstrates how the widening 
income gap has a devastating impact on the American economy. The film is an intimate portrait of a 
man who's overcome a great deal of personal adversity and whose lifelong goal remains protecting 
those who are unable to protect themselves. Through his singular perspective, Reich explains how the 
massive consolidation of wealth by a precious few threatens the viability of the American workforce 
and the foundation of democracy itself. In this INCONVENIENT TRUTH for the economy, Reich 
uses humor and a wide array of facts to explain how the issue of economic inequality affects each and 
every one of us. 
BY THE WAY: The United States is the only developed country in the world without a single legally 
required paid vacation day or holiday. By law, every country in the European Union has at least four 
work weeks of paid vacation, with Austria and Portugal workers receiving 35 (22 vacations and 13 paid 
holiday days a year). At just 4.5% in 2012, Austria had a lower unemployment rate than any other 
country in the eurozone. Possibly helping to keep unemployment so low, Austria has a long-standing 
apprenticeship program that helps find employment for much of the country's youngest workers, 
although the popularity of the program has faded in recent decades. 
****** 
As a result of my researching the origin of Labor Day and income inequality, I starting looking at how 
Workers in the U.S. compared with their counterparts in Europe and elsewhere around the world. Of 
any industrialized nations, U.S. workers ranked #7 as the hardest workers, compared to the average 
workers of #1 Mexico, who work 519 more hours per year and earn less than a fifth of their pay. Still 
four out of five American employees work at least 35 hours a week, and the country is the only 
developed nation not to guarantee workers a right to some vacation time each year. And unlike most 
European countries, U.S. labor laws also don't guarantee workers access to paid sick leave or maternity 
leave. Finally workers in the mining and logging industry tend to work the longest hours, averaging 44 
hours a week. 
On top of this, a new survey reveals that nearly all employed Americans-91 percent—do work-related 
tasks during their personal time. And U.S. workers are much more likely to work longer hours during 
personal time than counter-parts in Australia and Great Britain, according to the Harris Interactive 
survey sponsored by social business solutions provider Jive Software. A total of 37 percent of 
employed Americans work to or more hours per week during their supposed personal time, compared 
with 27 percent of Australians and 18 percent of British workers, according to the survey of 2,034 
workers. 
However, around 90 percent of all Aussies and Brits reported doing some work in their personal time, 
albeit to a lesser degree than U.S. workers. Half of all American and Aussie workers said they do some 
work while on vacation, while just 34 percent of British workers do. About 14 percent of workers in all 
three countries reported they do not take vacations at all. Some 63 percent of Americans said they 
would spend more time with family and friends if they had to more hours a week, while 43 percent 
said they'd use that time to exercise. 
Things are not always as they seem. Conventional wisdom would dictate that Germany has the hardest 
workers due to their booming manufacturing industry and economic growth. Not all statistics appear 
in Germany's favor though. It turns out that Greeks work the most hours out of all the European 
countries, and Germany doesn't even crack the top to. In fact, Germany ranks second behind only the 
Netherlands in least hours worked. BBC News put together this table of the hardest and most 
productive workers, and the other end of the scale. 
EFTA01133564
--- PAGE 9 ---
Europe's top 10 and bottom 10 
Most hours 
worked 
Most 
productive 
Fewest 
hours 
worked 
Least 
productive 
Greece 
Luxembourg 
Netherlands 
Poland 
Hungary 
Norway 
Germany 
Hungary 
Poland 
Ireland 
Norway 
Turkey 
Estonia 
Belgium 
France 
Estonia 
Turkey 
Netherlands 
Denmark 
Czech Rep 
Czech Rep 
France 
Ireland 
Portugal 
Italy 
Germany 
Belgium 
Slovakia 
Slovakia 
Denmark 
Austria 
Greece 
Portugal 
Sweden 
Luxembourg 
Slovenia 
Iceland 
Austria 
Sweden 
Iceland 
The UK ranks 14th both in terms of hours worked and in terms of productivity 
Source: OECD 
So is this table indicative of the efforts exerted in European countries? Not exactly. 
Greece contains many workers who are self-employed fanners and are not taken into account for these 
statistics. Farmers generally work very long hours and if included would drive up the average. Another 
reason is that part-time workers are included here, and Germany has many people who are in the labor 
force but only employed part-time. This brings down their average number of hours worked. 
Americans work an average of 38 hours a week, even after factoring in part-time jobs. While the Dutch 
have the shortest work week of any industrialized nations — averaging 29 hours a week. Dutch laws 
promote a work-life balance and protect part-time workers. All workers there are entitled to fully paid 
vacation days, maternity and paternity leave. A law passed in 2000 also gives workers the right to 
reduce their hours to a part-time schedule, while keeping their job, hourly pay, health care and pro-
rated benefits. 
To my surprise the average hours per week in Germany is 35, as part-time work is becoming 
increasingly common. Germany has had work-sharing programs in place for decades, but made a 
special push amid the global economic crisis to persuade more employers to reduce hours, as an 
alternative to laying off workers. As part of the policy, known as Kurzarbeit in German, the 
government partially reimburses workers for their lost wages. Work sharing is partly credited with 
saving jobs and lowering the country's unemployment rate. Germany's unemployment was recently 
around 5%, whereas it remains above 7% in the United States. 
Also to my surprise is that workers in Italy work on average 36 hours per week and like Germany the 
Italian government has encouraged work-sharing for decades. Meanwhile, the maximum work week 
for full-time employees is 4o hours, and overtime is limited to 8 hours on top of that. Employers can 
EFTA01133565
--- PAGE 10 ---
face fines if workers exceed that amount. Workers are also entitled to at least four weeks of paid 
vacation each year. 
******* 
The 5 most competitive countries in the world 
The U.S. has regained its standing as the world's most competitive country, according to the latest 
rankings from Swiss business school IMD. 
1. UNITED STATES 
The United States has regained top billing in the IMD world competitiveness rankings, after losing out 
in 2012 to Hong Kong. 
This year's strong performance was attributed to a rebounding financial sector, a wave of innovation 
and an improved corporate outlook. 
According to business executives surveyed by IMD, doing business in America is an attractive 
proposition due to the dynamism of the economy, access to a skilled workforce, easy financing and a 
strong research and development culture. 
There are, however, plenty of areas for improvement. Executives panned the U.S. tax code, and 
"competency of government" ranked very low on a list of factors that are important to business. 
2. SWITZERLAND 
Switzerland, ranked third last year, is prized for its policy stability and predictability. 
Along with Sweden and Germany, IMD says that Switzerland is part of a group of European 
powerhouses that rely on diversified, export-driven economies and fiscal discipline to gain an edge. 
Surveyed executives were less enthusiastic about cost competitiveness, the quality of corporate 
governance and the competency of government. 
3. HONG KONG 
Formerly top-ranked Hong Kong has fallen to third place this year. But the financial and shipping hub 
still has plenty of attractive features. 
Survey respondents said the city's low taxes are a big draw, as is the former British colony's effective 
legal environment. 
But the city got poor marks for research and development, labor relations and policy stability. 
4. SWEDEN 
Sweden has risen one spot in the rankings to claim 4th place. 
While competitiveness across Europe is declining, this Scandinavian country was called a "shining 
success" by Professor Stephane Garelli, director of the IMD World Competitiveness Center. 
EFTA01133566
--- PAGE 11 ---
According to IMD's survey of business leaders, the country is attractive because of its political stability, 
skilled workforce, reliable infrastructure and effective legal environment. 
But the country's tax regime is considered a clear weakness. 
5. SINGAPORE 
Singapore, second in Asia only to Hong Kong, is a city-state that owes much of its business activity to 
effective governance. 
The four top reasons to do business in Singapore? According to survey respondents, they are 
government competency, reliable infrastructure, an effective legal environment and policy stability. 
According to IMD, Singapore can improve its competitiveness by strengthening assistance to people on 
low and middle-incomes, as well as helping firms to keep cost pressures under control. 
****** 
Rachel Maddow To Iraq War Architects: 'You 
Can Go Now' (VIDEO) 
Web-link: http://www.huffingtonpost.corn/2013/09/05/rachel-maddow-syria-iraq-war-
architectsn3872722.html 
Last Wednesday night, Rachel Maddow hammered the former Bush administration officials who have 
sounded off on Syria in recent days. The MSNBC host said that she was "heartened" by the public 
debate about whether the U.S. should intervene in Syria, but noted that Iraq provided strong reason to 
not trust the White House's call for military action. "The Bush White House made a case for war that 
was not true... they lied our country into war," she said. She said that was exactly why °barna is 
having a hard time making his case on Syria: "because of the way the other guys broke that 
argument by misusing it, by lying when they made it" 
EFTA01133567
--- PAGE 12 ---
Maddow turned her attention to cable news, where she said that Donald Rumsfeld and other former 
Bush administration officials were staging a "real time reunion" to weigh in on Syria. After saying that 
FEMA chief Michael Brown is not asked to comment on hurricanes and Lance Armstrong is not asked 
to comment on steroid use, Maddow continued: "If you're an architect or a conspirator or one of the 
primary actors in the Iraq War—in arguably the grandest and most craven foreign policy disaster in 
American history, your opinion is no longer required on matters of war and peace. Please enjoy 
painting portraits of dogs or something. Painting portraits of yourself in the bathroom, trying to get 
clean. Please enjoy the loving comfort of your family and loved ones, and your god. But we as a 
country never ever need to hear from you about war, ever again. You can go now." 
I so agree with Rachel Maddow. One of the reasons why we have lost the trust of our government is 
because of hypocrites like Rumsfeld and Cheney who obfuscated the truth, distorted evidence and 
manipulated the intelligence organizations, other government officials, public, press and the 
international community into supporting their efforts to start a war against Iraq, a country whom had 
not attacked or even threaten us. And unlike Rand Paul who I truly believe is a serious isolationist, I 
call "out" hypocrites like Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz whose primary opposition to attacking Syria, is 
because it was proposed by President Obama and hopefully they will be able to use it in their 2016 
Presidential election bid. 
I am torn in my own support for the US attacking Syria, based on Assad's regime using chemical 
weapons "WMDs"that killed approximately a thousand people, when more than 100,000 have been 
killed during this civil war and more than 1 million refugees have fled the country -- especially when it 
made no sense, as the government military were on the verge of destroying the rebel forces. — But 
then dictators often over-play their hands, example; Japan's attack on Pearl Harbor and Hitler's 
attacking Russia, both blunders, creating two-flank wars. When making decisions like this, I often 
urge leaders to ask themselves, "what would Nelson Mandela do?" And somehow when I pose this 
same moral question, my feeling is that his decision wouldn't be a military solution. Still, if given the 
current situation, I support attacking and destroying Assad's command & control centers, chemical 
weapons facilities, military air bases and other strategic targets, so that Assad and others know that 
there is a price that that will be extracted for any systematic killing by anyone, government or rebels. 
******* 
War is ugly. People who kill or being threaten by death often are killers. War is not humane. This 
past week the New York Times showed pictures of rebels executing a group of unarmed men whom 
they said were government soldiers. Currently in Syria there are a number of different factions, you 
have hard line Islamic fighters, ethnic fighters, secular fights, former loyalist who have joined the rebel 
efforts to overthrow the Assad Regime and then there are the crazies, who no matter what faction 
prevails will find a reason to continue fighting, as both power and killing can become intoxicating, so it 
will be difficult for a number of current warlords (rebels) to give up their arms and relinquish power. 
Syria is in the middle of a civil war and there are atrocities on all sides. So to believe that we can do 
anything surgical or easy without being drawn into an untenable situation, where our friends today 
may end up becoming our foes tomorrow is naive. 
I respect our President but I think that he made a serious mistake supporting a "red-line" in an effort 
to win re-election last year. Now having crossing the Rubicon of the red-line, President Obama has to 
do something and it looks like it will be military. At the same time, John McCain forced language into 
the Senate Resolution (Section 5) which is so vague that it gives the US latitude to do whatever it wants 
to affect regime change — which is the ultimate goal for McCain and other hawks, even though they 
have no solution for stopping the conflict between the rebel factions, who will then fight each other for 
power and supremacy, after the Assad regime is ousted. 
Web-link: http://nyti.s/_sr7Q1d7p1 
EFTA01133568
--- PAGE 13 ---
If things aren't confusing enough on Thursday, the New York Times published an article by C.J. 
Chivers titled — Brutality of Syrian Rebels Posing Dilemma in West, while simultaneously 
releasing a video of Syrian rebels standing over a group of seven prisoners whose faces pressed in the 
dirt, and red marks on their back as their rebel commander (Abdul Samad Issa, 37) recited a bitter 
revolutionary poem. The moment the poem ended, the commander, known as "the Uncle," fired a 
bullet into the back of the first prisoner's head. His gunmen followed suit, promptly killing all the men 
at their feet. This scene, documented in a video smuggled out of Syria a few days ago by a former rebel 
who grew disgusted by the killings, offers a dark insight into how many rebels have adopted some of 
the same brutal and ruthless tactics as the regime they are trying to overthrow. 
As the United States debates whether to support the Obama administration's proposal that Syrian 
forces should be attacked for using chemical weapons against civilians, this video, shot in the spring of 
2012, joins a growing body of evidence of an increasingly criminal environment populated by gangs of 
highwaymen, kidnappers and killers. The video also offers a reminder of the foreign policy puzzle the 
United States faces in finding rebel allies as some members of Congress, including Senator John 
McCain, press for more robust military support for the opposition. In the more than two years this 
civil war has carried on, a large part of the Syrian opposition has formed a loose command structure 
that has found support from several Arab nations, and, to a more limited degree, the West. Other 
elements of the opposition have assumed an extremist cast, and openly allied with Al Qaeda. Across 
much of Syria, where rebels with Western support live and fight, areas outside of government 
influence have evolved into a complex guerrilla and criminal landscape. That has raised the prospect 
that American military action could inadvertently strengthen Islamic extremists and criminals. 
Mr. Issa's father was opposed to President Hafez al-Assad, the father of Syria's current president . He 
disappeared in 1982, according to Mr. Issa's accounts. Mr. Issa, the aide said, believes his father was 
killed during a 27-day government crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood that year, known as the 
Hama massacre. By the time he was a young man, Mr. Issa was vocally anti-government and was 
arrested and imprisoned twice for a total of nine months, the aide said. When the uprising against 
Bashar al-Assad started two and a half years ago, the family saw it as a means to try to settle old scores. 
At first, people who know Mr. Issa said, he was a protester, and then he led fighters in small 
skirmishes. By last year he was running a training camp in the highlands near Turkey. By this year, 
EFTA01133569
--- PAGE 14 ---
the aide said, he was gathering weapons from relatives and Arab businessmen he knew from his work 
as a trader and, at least once, from the Western-supported Supreme Military Council of the Free Syrian 
Army, the rebel forces. By the spring, his group had taken a resonant name: Jund al-Sham, which it 
shares with three international terrorist groups, and another group in Syria. Mr. Issa's former aide 
and two other men who have met or investigated him said he appears to assume identities of 
convenience. But, they said, one of his tactics has been to promise to his fighters what he calls "the 
extermination" of Alawites — the minority Islamic sect to which the Assad family belongs, and which 
Mr. Issa blames for Syria's suffering. This sentiment may have driven Mr. Issa's decision to execute 
his prisoners in the video, his former aide said. The soldiers had been captured when Mr. Issa's 
fighters overran a government checkpoint north of Idlib in March. 
Mr. Issa declared them all criminals, he said, and a revolutionary trial was held. They were found 
guilty. Mr. Issa, the former aide said, then arranged for their execution to be videotaped in April so he 
could show his work against Mr. Assad and his military to donors, and seek more financing. The video 
ends abruptly after his fighters dump the soldiers' broken bodies into a well. One of the participants, a 
young man wearing a purple fleece jacket, looks into the camera and smiles. There has been much 
concern among American officials, focused on two groups that acknowledge ties to Al Qaeda. These 
groups — the Nusra Front and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria — have attracted foreign jihadis, 
used terrorist tactics and vowed to create a society in Syria ruled by their severe interpretation of 
Islamic law. They have established a firm presence in parts of Aleppo and Idlib Provinces and in the 
northern provincial capital of Raqqa and in Deir al-Zour, to the east on the Iraqi border. 
While the jihadis claim to be superior fighters, and have collaborated with secular Syrian rebels, some 
analysts and diplomats also note that they can appear less focused on toppling President Bashar al-
Assad. Instead, they said, they focus more on establishing a zone of influence spanning Iraq's Anbar 
Province and the desert eastern areas of Syria, and eventually establishing an Islamic territory under 
their administration. Other areas are under more secular control, including the suburbs of Damascus. 
In East Ghouta, for example, the suburbs east of the capital where the chemical attack took place, 
jihadis are not dominant, according to people who live and work there. And while the United States 
has said it seeks policies that would strengthen secular rebels and isolate extremists, the dynamic on 
the ground, as seen in the execution video from Idlib and in a spate of other documented crimes, is 
evidence that things are more complicated than a contest between secular and religious groups and 
regime change. 
A couple of days ago I read an op-ed in The Huffington Post by Gavin de Becker — Fooling 
Ourselves Into War — that made me again question my support for the US attacking Syria, based on 
its use of chemical weapons (sarin gas), which coined as a WMD ("Weapons of Mass Destruction') 
under the Bush Administration. Without a doubt chemical weapons cause unneeded suffering, but so 
are bullets and bombs. Much reference is being made to the various Geneva Conventions and their 
prohibition on the use of chemical weapons. Treaties have identified and carved out some forms of 
killing as distinct from others, taking the position that it makes a profound difference whether people 
die from bullets, bombs, chemicals, or fire. The distinction most frequently cited is that chemical 
weapons are indiscriminate. Observers all over Iraq and Afghanistan would say the exact same thing 
about bombs and missiles, and particularly cluster bombs, delayed-action cluster bombs, and all the 
"bomblets" that didn't explode until a curious child picked up one of the many small silver orbs found 
on the ground.' Our best intentions aside, these results are indiscriminate. 
Another fair objection to chemical weapons is that they cause unneeded suffering, and we can all of 
course agree that chemical weapons are inhumane, but so are bullets and bombs. Either way, it's all 
about tissue damage. Between Iraq, Afghanistan, and Syria, hundreds of thousands of people have 
suffered and then died from accelerated metal (bullets, shrapnel), and from accelerated gasses (bombs, 
blast, heat, fire). Chemical weapons happen to damage tissue another way, but it's all about tissue 
EFTA01133570
--- PAGE 15 ---
damage nonetheless. Chemical weapons conjure (and some can cause) gasping, choking, dying. 
Bullets, bombs, and white phosphorous often cause the exact same experiences, and the exact same 
results. The act of identifying one type of lethal weapon as being unacceptable carries with it the 
implicit endorsement of the other lethal weapons as acceptable. Visible bleeding is hardly the mark of 
moral or humane killing, and from a moral point of view, is the use of chemical weapons worse than 
killing thousands of the wrong people some other way? Nowadays, we call those deaths collateral 
damage, and explain them as a necessary evil. It's a clever phrase, necessary evil, one that 
acknowledges the pure wrongness of an act, immediately made acceptable by the circular logic that is 
necessary. 
Let's be honest here, the U.S. has itself been a persistent presence in the history of alleged war crimes, 
and as with all such allegations, there are accusers and defenders, evidence and witnesses, denials and 
admissions (more denials than admissions, perhaps naturally). There are famous examples, such as 
the intentional mass killing of civilians at Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the intentional mass immolation 
and asphyxiation of civilians during the firebombing of Tokyo and Dresden, the use of napalm, and the 
more recent abuse and killing of prisoners at Abu Ghraib. There are also less widely-known examples, 
such as our current use of depleted uranium ammunition, which most countries of the world perceive 
to be a violation of international prohibitions on "poison or poisoned weapons." Not surprisingly, 
there are countries that defend our use of depleted uranium ammunition (four of them) -- and 
countries that oppose it (155 of them), and without trying to prove either case, it's fair to conclude that 
something the U.S. and its allies use in battle isn't healthy for the civilians who are fortunate enough to 
survive the intended consequence of contact with munitions. The use of depleted uranium in Fallujah, 
Iraq in 2004 by American forces led to a huge increase in deformities, cancers and other serious health 
problems in the local population.... Again.... Collateral Damage.... 
Drawing an imaginary line in the sand, as the pretext of attacking government forces in Syria, without 
a defined objective other than regime change is just plain stupid. As Gavin de Becker pointed out in 
his article, "revolutions succeed when enough of a population has the will to make them succeed. 
Egypt and Tunisia are both examples in which the relatively unarmed public had the will and the 
numbers to force regime change. The public wish for change was overwhelmingly clear and 
widespread (in Tunisia, for example, 95% of the country's 8000 lawyers went on strike as a 
demonstration against the government). In both countries, the governments resisted, there were 
demonstrations, beatings, tear gas, shootings -- and yet regime change happened nonetheless." And 
yes chemical weapons are repugnant, but so are almost all conventional weapons too. It's tragic when 
civilians are killed by their own countrymen. It's tragic when foreign civilians are killed by our 
countrymen. It's tragic when our soldiers are killed. It's tragic when their soldiers are killed. But none 
of those tragedies will be influenced by the political posturing this week. 
Hence we are fooling ourselves into another war, instead of doing everything that we can to come up 
with a diplomatic solution, or at least a solution where U.S. finger prints are not on the trigger. The 
conflict in Syria is a civil war. And trying to weaken one side in favor of others, without knowing how 
the scenario will eventually play out, is really stupid.... I once asked a former head of a major 
intelligence organization, why one government attached another, his response was because it helped 
both countries to obfuscate their domestic problems, by playing the morality and patriotism cards. We 
can see this same scenario being played out today, as Republicans are trying to box the President into a 
corner, whatever he does. And as a result, the President has to attack Assad's forces to demonstrate 
his strength internationally, if he wants both Republicans and Democrats in Congress to take his 
domestic programs seriously. Whether it is an illusion or distraction, the debate today about chemical 
weapons, does not speak to the core issues that Syria is in a civil war and when the Assad regime is 
toppled, the conflict will continue until one of the factions prevail. And therefore the debate today 
should be about seeking a solution to this eventual outcome. 
• r 
. ir 
TT 
4•
M ....., 
TT 
• 
••••••• T.& 
••• fl
 411 
EFTA01133571
--- PAGE 16 ---
frith Wht:Ic'S KLADIINU 
As Arianna Huffington wrote — This week, the White House sought to thrust the nation into military 
action in the Middle East, claiming that its "high confidence" in our intelligence obviated the need to 
allow MI. inspectors to complete their work. Sound familiar? It's like a bad summer sequel, with 
many of the same actors. But like the original, there are many holes in the plot. If "there is no action," 
the president proclaimed, "that is a danger to our national security." But he didn't say how. Also 
unexplained: What happens after we strike? Since the decision has been made not to take out Assad, 
how exactly are we "holding him accountable"? By killing innocent people who had nothing to do with 
the attack? That actually does affect our security. This time, however, the Coalition of the Unwilling --
one that goes beyond left vs. right — is much larger. Urging action, John Kerry cautioned: "It is 
directly related to our credibility." On that he is loo percent right. Please feel free to read the 
attached articles — Experts Fear That U.S. Plan to Strike Syria Overlooks Risks in the New 
York Times and Experts to Obama: Here Is What to Do in Syria, which was in The Weekly 
Standard. 
Mindful of a war weary American public and without the support of America's closest ally the British, 
Arab League and the United Nations, last week both President Obama and Secretary of State John 
Kerry engaged but Congress and the American people to get their support and approval. What is 
interesting is seeing Conservatives like Bill Kristol and Liberals which include Secretary of State John 
Kerry both supporting the use of force against the Assad regime. Bill }Cristo], "It may be that the 
president believes he ought to get congressional approval before acting against Assad. There is 
merit to this view. The solution is to ask Speaker John Boehner and Majority Leader Harry Reid to 
call the House and Senate back to Washington as soon as possible. Aft!! debate in Congress would 
be appropriate and desirable. It would focus the American people on what is at stake, instead of 
leaving the public a bystander watching media commentary on the administration's rhetorical zigs 
and political zags. We suspect at the end of the day Congress would pass legislation authorizing the 
use of military force against the Assad regime." 
Kristol continues: Now those of us who believe that the U.S. must act, and must act decisively, in Syria 
and beyond, have a two-fold task. We need to persuade the Congress and the country to pass a 
resolution authorizing the use of force; and we need to persuade the administration (against its 
predilections) to take strong and decisive action. Both may be difficult. But, as Churchill once 
remarked, "difficulties mastered are opportunities won." The problem with this is that engaging into 
the civil war in Syria is a no-win situation for the President, America or the West, as the risks far 
outweigh any possible outcome, including regime change, which most Middle East experts will end in 
another civil wars when the different factions now fighting Assad, begin fighting each other in a power 
grab. And even if regime change ended up in democracy, what kind of democracy and government 
would form. Will it be corrupt, like in Afghanistan or a theocracy or with a leadership close to our 
enemies in al Qaeda and Iran. 
The only other good news this past week for the President was when French President Francois 
Hollande said that he wants a 'proportional and firm action' and last Sunday, Saudi Arabia's Foreign 
Minister Saud al-Faisal called on the international community to take action against the regime of 
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, giving a boost to President Barack Obama's goal of assembling a 
multinational coalition to intervene in the conflict. Al-Faisal said Saudi Arabia would back a U.S. 
strike on Syrian government targets, provided the military intervention was "the will of the Syrian 
people." Think about it, the Royal Family is a dictatorship run by a family, and they are supporting the 
attach against Assad.... These types of situations create strange and interesting bedfellows... And the 
Syrian conflict is no different. 
EFTA01133572
--- PAGE 17 ---
Also last week a big group of foreign policy experts, from across the ideological spectrum, called on 
President Obama to impose "meaningful consequences on the Assad regime" for their use of chemical 
weapons. "At a minimum, the United States, along with willing allies and partners, should use 
standoff weapons and airpower to target the Syrian dictatorship's military units that were involved 
in the recent large-scale use of chemical weapons. It should also provide vetted moderate elements of 
Syria's armed opposition with the military support required to identify and strike regime units 
armed with chemical weapons," the experts write. 
"Moreover, the United States and other willing nations should consider direct military strikes 
against the pillars of the Assad regime. The objectives should be not only to ensure that Assad's 
chemical weapons no longer threaten America, our allies in the region or the Syrian people, but also 
to deter or destroy the Assad regime's airpower and other conventional military means of 
committing atrocities against civilian non-combatants. At the same time, the United States should 
accelerate efforts to vet, train, and arm moderate elements of Syria's armed opposition, with the goal 
of empowering them to prevail against both the Assad regime and the growing presence of Al 
Qaeda-affiliated and other extremist rebel factions in the country." The signatories on the letter 
addressed to President Obama inlcude Senator Joe Lieberman, Bernard-Henri Levy, Karl Rove, Bill 
Kristol, Elliott Abrams, Leon Wieseltier, and many others. Right now, 66 experts have signed the 
letter. 
The problem is that the only true way out of this impossible is through a negotiated diplomatic 
settlement which currently is in none of the parties' interest, as the rebel forces are only interested in 
weakening Assad, President Assad is only interested in keeping the status quo, Israel would like to see 
the US arm the Free Syrian Army who they see are moderate, while at the same time Iran is backing 
The Nusra Front who are sympathetic to Hamas and al-Qaeda and the Russians just want to mess with 
us, as it appears that Putin believes that any distraction in the Middle East takes pressure off of him. 
As Travis Smiley pointed out last Sunday on The Week With George Stepahanopoulos, "why is 
it that Americans feel that the only way to respond to these types of conflicts is with more 
aggression/violence?" Obviously there is a solution somewhere between John McCain who is 
advocating a total military overthrow of Assad and Rand Paul who prefers that the US ignore the 
Syrian civil war and allow whatever happens to happen. 
Yes, the Syrian civil war is both a political and moral issue in a region that doesn't go for nuisance and 
both tests our core principals and willingness. But we have to stop talking about Red Lines and 
Triggers. Again we have to ask ourselves why violence and military intervention is the first and only 
answer to every problem that we have, because as Tavis Smiley pointed out mass doses of violence do 
not solve our problem. Look as Afghanistan and Iraq. More than 100,000 people have died in Syria as 
a result of the civil war and more than 1,000.000 Syrian children are living as refugees in camps in 
neighboring countries, so why is the use of chemical weapons the Rubicon that once crossed, demands 
a military response. By now everyone in the world knows that the United States has to and will attack 
Assad's forces, if only because President Obama has to save face and so friend or foe doesn't interpret 
our reluctance of enter this no-win fracas as weakness, which could lead to unintentional 
consequences outside of diplomacy and the Middle East. But again we have to ask ourselves why do 
we always reach for the stick before offering the carrot both here and abroad? 
EFTA01133573
--- PAGE 18 ---
Barack Obama has to be one of the luckiest politicians ever. During his senatorial primary campaign 
in Illinois in 2004 the campaign of his most-feared opponent imploded spectacularly just a few weeks 
before polling day. Unsealed divorce papers revealed that Blair Hull's former wife had detailed several 
allegations of verbal and physical abuse. His ex asked for a restraining order because Hull had 
threatened to kill her. In a field of eight, Obama won 53% of the vote. In the general election that year, 
Republican candidate Jack Ryan seemed like a viable challenger for the senate seat until his divorce 
papers were also unsealed. Ryan, it was alleged, had pressured his ex, Jeri, to go to clubs where people 
had sex in public. One had "cages, whips and other apparatus hanging from the ceiling"; another 
had mattresses in cubicles. Then John McCain threw several "hail Mary" passes, when he offered to 
suspend his campaign in order to deal with the country's debt crisis, followed by his selection of first-
term Governor Sarah Palin as his running mate, nullifying his experience edge. And then Mitt 
Romney, who as a compromised candidate couldn't inspire the different factions in the Republican 
Party, even with the help of Clint Eastwood and an empty chair. 
Now a vote in Congress over whether to launch U.S. attacks against Syria is expected to wreak 
collateral damage - leaving too little time on Capitol Hill to deal with fast-approaching fall deadlines to 
fund government agencies and raise the debt limit, increasing the likelihood that U.S. lawmakers will 
agree to a short-term government funding measure to get them through the fall, postponing for 
another day any broader deal or big showdowns. Attempting to politically box the President in a 
corner, the House of Representatives had previously scheduled only nine legislative days in September 
after they return from summer recess on Sept. 9, prompting analysts to view this as barely enough to 
pass government funding legislation in time to avoid a federal shutdown as the new fiscal year starts 
Oct. 1. But now much of that time is likely to be eaten up with a contentious debate over authorizing 
the use of military force to punish Syria, analysts say. 
With Republicans and Democrats still deeply divided on how to shrink U.S. debt and federal deficits, 
the odds for a comprehensive agreement that replaces "sequester" spending cuts and lifts the debt 
ceiling have fallen dramatically. "Syria has really scrambled an incredibly crowded calendar," said 
Chris Krueger, a political analyst with Guggenheim Securities in Washington. "I think you have to say 
that the chance of a short-term extension has increased." The U.S. Treasury said last week that an 
increase in the $16.7 trillion federal borrowing limit will be needed by mid-October to ensure that the 
government can continue to meet its payment obligations. Many House Republicans have pledged to 
use the need to increase the debt ceiling as leverage to demand cuts to federal benefits programs and 
for delays or the withholding of funds from "Obamacare," President Barack Obama's signature 
healthcare reforms. But now that Obama has asked Congress to approve limited strikes against Syria, 
the fiscal questions will have to wait, at least for a while. 
EFTA01133574
--- PAGE 19 ---
PROVIDING COVER FOR DISAGREEMENT 
The focus on Syria, however, could provide a convenient excuse for Republicans to agree to short-term 
extensions that provide two or three months' worth of government funding and borrowing capacity. 
"Ironically, this crisis over Syria could give everyone a little cover because we're not close to a deal to 
kill sequester or to raise the debt ceiling. Lawmakers could claim, with justification, that they've been 
preoccupied with Syria," said Greg Valliere, chief political strategist at Potomac Research in 
Washington. "On the budget, it increases the likelihood of stop-gap stuff," he added. Denying 
government funding or borrowing could send a confusing message to U.S. allies and financial markets, 
analysts say. The bruising debt-limit fight of summer 2011, for instance, caused steep stock market 
falls and prompted ratings agency Standard and Poor's to strip the United States of its top-tier credit 
rating. While stop-gap government funding measures have become routine in recent years, markets 
have also become unnerved by disruptions to government programs and agencies prompted by last-
minute decisions. 
With this brief reprieve lets revisit President Obama's budget as the White House has chosen to stake 
claim to the middle ground, offering up a mix of modest tax hikes to go along with spending cuts and 
entitlement reforms that Democrats have long warned against and Republicans have demanded. Off-
setting the compromises the President's budget includes several major provisions favored by 
Progressives. 
The specifics of the budget are as follows: 
• The budget would reduce the deficit by $1.8 trillion over ten years -- $600 billion of this reduction would 
come from revenue raisers, and $1.2 trillion would come from spending reductions and entitlement 
reforms; 
• It would change the benefit structure of Social Security (chained-CPI); 
• It would means test additional programs in Medicare; 
• All told, it would include $400 billion in health care savings (or cuts); 
• It would cut $200 billion from other areas, identified by The New York Times as "farm subsidies, federal 
employee retirement programs, the Postal Services and the unemployment compensation system; " 
• It would pay for expanded access to pre-K (an Obama priority) by increasing the tobacco tax; 
• It would set limits on tax-preferred retirement accounts for the wealthy, prohibiting individuals from 
putting more than $3 million in IRAs and other tax-preferred retirement accounts; 
• And it would stop people from collecting full disability benefits and unemployment benefits that cover the 
same period of time. 
Obama had proposed these policies in various offers in the past and recently were discussed as part of 
replacement options for the sequester. But as a political tactic, this is a bit of a gamble for the 
administration. Instead of staking out a progressive plank and starting negotiations from there, the 
White House is trying to lay claim to the middle ground. Obama is helped here by the fact that the 
Senate has passed a Democratic-authored budget that is more progressive than theirs -- one that the 
president supported. Immediately Congressional Republicans trashed the Obama budget. And to the 
delight of Progressives the White House held firmed with the President saying that he would not 
accept entitlement reforms without Republicans agreeing to revenue. 
Please feel free to read the 
attached articles: Syria Vote Complicates Congressional Fiscal Debate and Obama 
Budget: What's Inside. And with this new reprieve, I urge everyone to take a second look at 
President Obama's budget proposal, which with its flaws is still a moderate compromise for both 
Conservatives and Progressives, and probably the best deal for the country, that can get through 
this partisan Congress. 
EFTA01133575
--- PAGE 20 ---
These Are The 36 Countries That Have Better Healthcare Systems 
Than The US 
As a follow up to last week's readings I revisited this article in Insider Business by Adam Taylor and 
Samuel Blackstone — These Are The 36 Countries That Have Better Healthcare Systems 
Than The US, whereby 12 years ago, the World Health Organization released the World 
Health Report 2000. Inside the report there was an ambitious task — to rank the world's best 
healthcare systems. The results became notorious — the US healthcare system came in 1.5th in overall 
performance, and first in overall expenditure per capita. That result meant that its overall ranking 
was 37th. The results have long been debated, with critics arguing that the data was out-of-date, 
incomplete, and that factors such as literacy and life expectancy were over-weighted. So controversial 
were the results that the WHO declined to rank countries in their World Health Report 2010, but 
the debate has raged on. In that same year, a report from the Commonwealth Fund ranked seven 
developed countries on their health care performance — the US came dead last. So, what can we 
learn from the report? 
- France 
Expenditure per capita rank: 4 
The French system combines private and public sectors to provide universal health coverage to all. 
Most citizens receive their insurance through their employer and almost everyone has supplemental 
private insurance. The majority of medical bills are paid for by the government (funds from payroll 
and income taxes) and the remainder is footed by individual's supplemental private insurance. 
EFTA01133576
--- PAGE 21 ---
- Italy 
Expenditure per capita rank: n 
Italy provides universal health care to the whole population with the 20 regions exercising control and 
the central government providing regulatory assistance. 
- San Marino 
Expenditure per capita rank: 21 
San Marino is home to a compulsory, state-funded healthcare system with the option for private 
coverage. 
- Andorra 
Expenditure per capita rank: 23 
The Andorra system is very similar to the French system. Run by the government, funds are provided 
by employees and employers. Only about 8% of citizens do not participate in the state-run system. 
- Malta 
Expenditure per capita rank: 37 
The Malta system is funded by general taxation through weekly national insurance contributions and 
offers free coverage for all. 
- Singapore 
Expenditure per capita rank: 38 
A government-run universal health care system coexists with a private sector in Singapore. The private 
sector provides most care while the government controls prices. 
- Spain 
Expenditure per capita rank: 24 
Spain guarantees universal coverage in its constitution and there are no out-of-pocket expenses —
aside from prescription drugs. 
- Oman 
EFTA01133577
--- PAGE 22 ---
Expenditure per capita rank: 62 
Oman's health care system is largely based on local districts, with universal health care offered to all 
citizens and to all expatriates working in the public sector. 
- Austria 
Expenditure per capita rank: 6 
Austrian citizens and residents enjoy free access to basic health care, as do as tourists and people 
staying in Austria on a temporary basis. Everyone must pay into the system, levels of payment 
determined by an individual's income. 
io - Japan 
Expenditure per capita rank: 13 
Health insurance in Japan is mandatory, either through an employer-based system or through the 
national health care program. 
ii - Norway 
Expenditure per capita rank: i6 
Norway has a universal, tax-funded, single-payer system. All citizens and residents are insured but 
some pay out of pocket for private and out of state care. 
- Portugal 
Expenditure per capita rank: 28 
Portugal has a very centralized health care system, with the state-run, single-payer National Health 
System covering most citizens. An employer based scheme is offered and used by many Portuguese 
though. 
ig - Monaco 
Expenditure per capita rank: 12 
The Caisses Sociales de Monaco controls health services in a nation where all citizens are entitled to 
equal access. Private options are available. 
- Greece 
EFTA01133578
--- PAGE 23 ---
Expenditure per capita rank: 3o 
Greece's national health insurance program is provided by the state through a universal heath care 
system. Private options are available. 
- Iceland 
Expenditure per capita rank: 14 
The health care system of Iceland is under complete control by the federal government and every 
citizen qualifies for health care regardless of their contribution to the system. There is no private 
sector. 
- Luxembourg 
Expenditure per capita rank: 5 
Luxembourg has a state-funded, compulsory system with care available to all citizens. Private care is 
also available. 
- Netherlands 
Expenditure per capita rank: 9 
Holland's universal health coverage is achieved not through the government, which is used primarily 
as a regulatory body, but through private insurance companies. This system is based on private 
insurers competing for business. 
i8 - United Kingdom 
Expenditure per capita rank: 26 
The government, through the National Health Service, provides the majority of health care. Free at the 
point of service, the program is funded by taxes. Moves to privatize certain areas have been discussed 
recently. 
- Ireland 
Expenditure per capita rank: 25 
Primarily tax funded, the Irish system is free (excluding the taxes citizens pay), offering differing types 
of coverage depending on one's income. The option of private insurance is available, which offers 
quicker response rates/less waiting periods. 
EFTA01133579
--- PAGE 24 ---
- Switzerland 
Expenditure per capita rank: 2 
In Switzerland, health care is guaranteed to all citizens. Citizens must buy health insurance and in 
return, private insurers must offer coverage to all citizens. 
- Belgium 
Expenditure per capita rank: 15 
The Belgian health care system is mandatory is a mixed public-private system. There are private 
providers with state-organized reimbursements. 
- Colombia 
Expenditure per capita rank: 49 
A dual system is used in Colombia, citizens using either the private or the public, subsidized health 
care system. A little over 6096 of Colombians use the public system. 
- Sweden 
Expenditure per capita rank: 7 
A decentralized and tax payer funded system, Sweden offers health care to every citizen and will soon 
extend health care to illegal immigrants as well. 
- Cyprus 
Expenditure per capita rank: 39 
Cyprus's Ministry of Health provides the government funded health care while private health 
insurance and care is also offered, with quicker response times and wider selection of personnel and 
facilities. 
- Germany 
Expenditure per capita rank: 3 
Germany has the world's oldest universal health care system. Almost 90% of Germans use the public 
system and the remaining io% use the private system. 
EFTA01133580
--- PAGE 25 ---
- Saudi Arabia 
Expenditure per capita rank: 63 
Saudi Arabia's health care system is mostly run through the government, with the Ministry of Health 
and other governmental bodies providing 8o% of services. The private sector provides the remaining 
20% of services. 
- Dubai 
Dubai's exclusive Palm Jumeirah development 
Expenditure per capita rank: 35 
The UAE has a government-funded health care system with a private sector that is small but growing 
at a considerable rate. The UAE is a hot spot for medical tourism. 
- Israel 
Expenditure per capita rank: 19 
Universal and compulsory health care typifies Israel's health insurance system, with health care 
providers consisting of public, private, and semi-private entities. 
- Morocco 
Expenditure per capita rank: 99 
The Moroccan system includes a public and private sector. The public sector is much larger and offers 
basic care while the private sector is split between non-profit and for-profit bodies, the latter providing 
more specialized care and testing services. 
3o - Canada 
Expenditure per capita rank: to 
Canada has a national health care system with a centralized body setting standards and specifications 
for the 13 provincial bodies to follow. The provinces provide services and must follow national 
guidelines to receive funding. 
31- Finland 
Expenditure per capita rank: i8 
EFTA01133581
--- PAGE 26 ---
Finland offers universal coverage mainly through its decentralized public health care system although 
a small private sector does exist. 
- Australia 
Expenditure per capita rank: 17 
Australia offers a dual system of public and private health insurance. Wealthier individuals are 
encouraged to use the private system by enforcing an additional i% tax if an individual over a certain 
income chooses to use the public system. 
- Chile 
Expenditure per capita rank: 44 
Chile utilizes a dual health care system, offering public care through the National Health Insurance 
Fund, or private care by private insurance companies. 
- Denmark 
Expenditure per capita rank: 8 
Denmark's public health care system is decentralized, with local authorities making and executing 
local health care policy. The Ministry of Interior and Health issue rules and regulations that the 
authorities must follow. 
- Dominica 
Expenditure per capita rank: 70 
Dominica's health care is administered by the state run Ministry of Health. Private health care is 
available however, usually offered as an employee benefit to expatriates. 
- Costa Rica 
Expenditure per capita rank: 5o 
Costa Rica's public health insurance system is available nation-wide to all legal residents and citizens. 
You would think in the richest country in the world, that it is unacceptable being ranked #37 in the 
world -- in providing healthcare to its citizens. Especially when we have both Democrats and 
Republican leaders saying today that we will lose face (prestige) if we don't bomb Assad's forces in 
Syria because he crossed some imaginary red line, even though more than 100,000 civilians have been 
killed in the current civil war in Syria and more than 1,000.000 Syrians are living outside of the 
country as refugees. Like good infrastructure, personal security, education and free speech, a great 
EFTA01133582
--- PAGE 27 ---
society should make sure that every citizen has adequate healthcare, if not the best healthcare 
possible. If every major country in Western Europe, several the countries in Central & South America, 
Israel, Singapore, Australia, Japan, Morocco, Iceland and Canada can, then why can't we? Maybe this 
embarrassing statistic helps change this ugliness. 
****** 
Among the many problems in the U.S., one of the biggest is hunger, now diplomatically referred to as, 
"food insecurity." Almost 5o million Americans who live on the edge of poverty, endure food 
insecurity, often skipping meals and rationing food. Many are the "working poor", who shop for 
grocery bargains, cooking budget-stretching stews, spaghetti and limiting their families to one meal a 
day. They buy discounts meats and canned vegetables, cheaper than fresh. Many are single parent 
families, resulting in an estimated 15 million children going to bed every night hungry. And although 
this sounds like vignettes in a poor Third World country, we are describing people who are trying to 
survive day-to-day in the richest country on the planet. 
When Congress officially returns to Washington next week, the diets of families like those described 
above will be caught up in a debate over deficit reduction. Republicans, alarmed by a rise in food 
stamp enrollment, are pushing to revamp and scale down the program. Democrats are resisting the 
cuts. No matter what Congress decides, benefits will be reduced in November, when a provision in the 
2009 stimulus bill expires. Yet as lawmakers cast the fight in terms of spending, nonpartisan budget 
analysts and hunger relief advocates warn of a spike in "food insecurity" among poor Americans. 
Surrounded by corn and soybean farms — including one owned by the local Republican congressman, 
Representative Stephen Pincher — Dyersburg, about 75 miles north of Memphis, provides an eye-
opening view into Washington's food stamp debate. Mr. Fincher, who was elected in 2010 on a Tea 
Party wave and collected nearly $3.5 million in farm subsidies from the government from 1999 to 
2012, recently voted for a farm bill that omitted food stamps. "The role of citizens, of Christianity, of 
humanity, is to take care of each other, not for Washington to steal from those in the country and 
give to others in the country," Mr. Pincher, whose office did not respond to interview requests, said 
after his vote in May. In response to a Democrat who invoked the Bible during the food stamp debate 
EFTA01133583
--- PAGE 28 ---
in Congress, Mr. Fincher cited his own biblical phrase. "The one who is unwilling to work shall not 
eat,"he said. 
Experts say the problem is particularly acute in rural regions like Dyersburg, a city of 17,000 on the 
banks of the Forked Deer River in West Tennessee. More than half the counties with the highest 
concentration of food insecurity are rural, according to an analysis by Feeding America, the nation's 
largest network of food banks. In Dyer County, it found, 19.4 percent of residents were "food insecure" 
in 2011, compared with 16.4 percent nationwide. Over all, nearly 48 million Americans now receive 
food stamps, an $8o billion-a-year program that is increasingly the target of conservatives. Robert 
Rector, a scholar at the conservative Heritage Foundation, (funded by billionaires) argues that the 
food stamp program should be overhauled so that benefits are tied to work, much as welfare was 
revamped under President Bill Clinton. He advocates mandatory drug testing for food stamp 
recipients — a position that draws support from even some of the poor, who themselves are irritated by 
people who they feel "mooch off the system." 
In the article - On the Edge of Poverty, at the Center of a Debate on Food Stamps — this 
past week in the New York Times, journalist Sheryl Gay Stolberg, puts faces on this issue of food 
insecurity in America, as the debate in Washington should be about more than numbers and budgets. 
Hunger in America is a disease that we should treat aggressively, because in the richest country in the 
world no one should go to bed hungry, especially our children, elderly, disabled and the working poor. 
If we are willing to house and feed serial killers, (and even force-feed, Guantanamo detainees) we 
should be more than willing to feed honest God fearing Americans whose only crime is that for 
economic reasons, (many beyond their control) have fallen through society's economic safety net. If 
our politicians spent as much time trying to fix the underlying economic problems, as cutting budgets 
and giving tax breaks to the rick and corporations, we might be able to reduce food assistance as it is 
currently structured by making sure that people make a living wage or receive sufficient assistance, so 
that they are not subject to these current demeaning programs and the 
misguided wrath of insensitive politicians and lobbyist who use food assistance and other social 
programs as smokescreens so that they can advance legislation favorable to their sponsors 
 "We 
have a poverty problem, lets solve it by cutting the budget and giving more tax breaks to the rich and 
corporations" 
 It is as stupid as it sounds... 
This week there were two huge telephone deals. Two years after hitching its fate to Microsoft's 
Windows Phone software, Nokia collapsed into the arms of the U.S. software giant on Tuesday, 
agreeing to sell its main handset business for 5.44 billion euros ($7.2 billion). Nokia, which will 
continue to make networking equipment and hold patents, was once the world's dominant handset 
maker but was long since overtaken by Apple and Samsung in the highly competitive market for more 
powerful smartphones. Nokia's Canadian boss Stephen Elop, who ran Microsoft's business software 
division before jumping to Nokia in 2010, will return to the U.S. firm as head of its mobile devices 
business - a Trojan horse, according to disgruntled Finnish media. He is being discussed as a possible 
replacement for Microsoft's retiring CEO Steve Ballmer, who is trying to remake the U.S. firm into a 
gadget and services company like Apple before he departs, though it has fallen short so far in its 
attempts to compete in mobile devices. "It's very clear to me that rationally this is the right step going 
forward," Elop told reporters, though he added he also felt "a great deal of sadness" over the outcome. 
In three years under Elop, Nokia saw its market share collapse and its share price shrivel. 
EFTA01133584
--- PAGE 29 ---
In 2011, after writing a memo that said Nokia was falling behind and lacked the in-house technology to 
catch up, Elop made the controversial decision to use his former firm Microsoft's Windows Phone for 
smartphones, rather than NoIda's own software or Google's ubiquitous Android operating system. 
Nokia, which had a 40 percent share of the handset market in 2007, now has a mere 15 percent share, 
with an even smaller 3 percent in smartphones. The sale of the handset business is not the first 
dramatic turn in the 148-year history of a company that has sold everything from television sets to 
rubber boots, but it was taken as a hard blow in its native Finland. For many Finns, the fact that a 
former Microsoft executive had come to Nokia, bet the firm's future on an alliance with Microsoft, laid 
off tens of thousands and then delivered it into Microsoft's hands, was a galling snub to national pride. 
Nokia is still the world's No. 2 mobile phone maker behind Samsung, but it is not in the top five in the 
more lucrative and faster-growing smartphone market. Sales of Nokia's Lumia series have helped the 
market share of Windows Phones in the global smartphone market climb to 3.3 percent, according to 
consultancy Gartner, overtaking ailing BlackBerry Ltd for the first time this year. Still, Google Inc's 
Android and Apple's iOS system make up 90 percent of the market. Nokia said in a statement it 
expected that, apart from Elop, senior executives Jo Harlow, Juha Putldranta, Timo Toikkanen, and 
Chris Weber would transfer to Microsoft when the deal is concluded. It did not say what roles they 
would take there. The deal is expected to close in the first quarter of 2014, subject to approval by 
Nokia shareholders and regulators. 
On Monday, Verizon Communications agreed to pay $130 billion to buy Vodafone out of its U.S. 
wireless business, signing history's third largest corporate deal to bring an end to a decade-long 
corporate stand-off. The two firms said Vodafone would get $58.9 billion in cash, $60.2 billion in 
Verizon stock, and an additional $11 billion from smaller transactions that would take the total deal 
value to $130 billion. The British group will return 71 percent of the net proceeds to shareholders. All 
the stock will go to shareholders, plus $23.9 billion in cash, after the deal is finalized, likely to be in the 
first quarter of 2014. "This has been a highly productive partnership in a business with excellent 
momentum," Vodafone Chief Executive Vittorio Colao told reporters. The boards of Verizon and 
Vodafone unanimously approved the sale. 
EFTA01133585
--- PAGE 30 ---
verimn 
The deal will give Verizon full access to the wireless unit's cash, handing it fresh firepower to invest in 
superfast mobile networks and fend off challengers in a U.S. market expected to grow more 
competitive in the coming years. Verizon said it expected the transaction to be immediately accretive 
to earnings per share by about 10 percent, excluding any one-time adjustments. While Vodafone will 
lose its best asset, it will get a war chest that it can use to reward shareholders and bolster its European 
operations, which are under pressure from recession and tough regulation. The British firm said it 
planned to plough 6 billion pounds ($9.3 billion) into improving its mobile and broadband networks 
over the next three financial years. It said the investment program dubbed Project Spring would help it 
boost growth to underpin its increasing dividend payments to shareholders. The deal is likely to be the 
defining event in the careers of Colao and Lowell McAdam, the congenial chief executives of Vodafone 
and Verizon, who rebuilt relations between the two sides to such an extent that they could complete 
the deal that long eluded their predecessors. The move to sell out of the joint venture doses a heady 
expansionist chapter for Vodafone, one of Britain's best-known companies, which grew rapidly over 
the last 20 years through a spate of aggressive deals, taking its brand into more than 30 countries 
across Europe, Africa and India. 
****** 
We have to wonder why two tech giants missed the mark when they joined forces to develop a 
smartphone. Despite their earlier dominance in desktop computers and cellphones, Microsoft and 
Nokia are both struggling to stay relevant in the smartphone age, so far with little success. Late to offer 
a competitive alternative to the iPhone, and by then also facing pressure from Google's Android 
operating system, Microsoft's share of the worldwide smartphone market has dropped to a paltry 3.3 
percent, from ii percent in 2008, according to the Gartner Group. Nokia, a brand once synonymous 
with cutting-edge gadgets, has likewise lost its hold on consumers. And as Jordan Weissmann wrote 
this week in The Atlantic; "Nokia was a dumbphone company for a smartphone world." 
EFTA01133586
--- PAGE 31 ---
The issue people have with the phones has little to do with their design or how they're marketed, two 
areas Microsoft has promised to prioritize following its Nokia deal. Instead, buyers will often try the 
Lumia smartphones, then abandon them, wondering why they can't access Instagram, play Candy 
Crush or download thousands of other apps readily accessible on Android and Apple phones. 
Microsoft's Windows Phone platform offers just a fraction as many apps as its rivals: There are 
160,00o Windows Phone apps, while Apple offers iPhone owners over 850,00o and Android more 
than 700,000. 
Microsoft and Nokia are now trying to convince the world that uniting two companies that missed the 
mark in mobile can somehow yield a company capable of chipping away at Apple and Google's 
dominance. So far, that numbers game hasn't worked in Microsoft's favor. The tech giant is 
confronting the Catch-22 it has grappled with unsuccessfully for several years: People will only buy 
Microsoft's phones if the phones have access to apps. And app developers will only build those apps if 
enough people buy Microsoft's phones. 
In the most recent quarter, Microsoft shipped 8.7 million phones running its Windows Phone software 
-- a third as many phones as Apple, and a twentieth the number of phones shipped with Android, 
according to IDC. An AT&T sales associate observed that in his experience, the Lumia has so far sold 
best among first-time smartphone buyers and older individuals, both of whom seemed less concerned 
with having apps. By Microsoft's logic, the acquisition of Nokia will "accelerate phone share" by 
allowing the Redmond, Wash., giant to refine its marketing message and innovate more quickly. In 
combination, those efforts should drive sales, which should in turn motivate app developers, according 
to Microsoft's chief executive Steve Ballmer. 
"The key is to drive volumes. Driving volumes will activate the software and the hardware 
ecosystem," Ballmer told The Verge in an interview. "We do see an ability to speed our agility in 
hardware and software innovation. We do think that making the brand and the product line simpler 
and easier to acquire and being able to invest with greater agility should do a lot to help us continue 
to improve our market-share and position, which certainly will help our apps." Marketing might not 
be Windows Phone's biggest problem. Though it doesn't enjoy the name recognition of the iPhone or 
Galaxy S4, sales associates at AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile said their customers are familiar with the 
Windows Phone brand, and frequently come in asking to see Lumia phones. A 2011 survey of mobile 
phone users who owned a smartphone or planned to purchase one found that 44 percent were 
considering devices running Windows Phone 7. 
The larger issue may be that Microsoft and Nokia still think of their phones as phones. The phones' 
owners now expect them to be pocket-sized computers. While the two tech giants have focused on 
building feature-filled smartphones that can hold their own against the best from Samsung, Motorola, 
Apple and others, the people 
buy those phones now take all those bells and whistles for granted. 
Intuitive design and high-quality cameras have become a given. The phone that wins isn't so much a 
phone as it is a convenient portal to services that offer instant gratification of every conceivable 
lifestyle demand, whether ifs editing photos, streaming movies, finding dates or hailing taxis. All 
those capabilities rely on apps. Though Microsoft has bought itself a smartphone maker, the all-
important developers -- and their apps -- aren't included. And as someone who bought a Samsung 
Galaxy 4 last month (after looking at everything in the market) and 15 years on Blackberry, Nokia was 
not even in the running.... Microsoft, this is going to be a uphill fight.... 
US manufacturing expanded in August at the fastest pace since June 2011, according to a closely 
watched poll of the sector. Economic activity in the manufacturing sector expanded for the third 
consecutive month, according to the Institute of Supply Management (ISM). The ISM poll of 
purchasing managers rose to 55.7% from 55.4% in July — readings above 5o% indicate growth in the 
manufacturing sector. The poll was better than forecast and comes before the latest monthly job 
EFTA01133587
--- PAGE 32 ---
figures are released by the Labor Department on Friday. Of the 18 manufacturing industries measured 
by the ISM, 15 reported growth - including textile mills, food and beverage, computer and electronic 
products and transportation equipment. Only one industry, miscellaneous manufacturing, reported 
contraction in August. However, respondents to the survey remained cautious, one calling 
improvements "slight" in a remark quoted by ISM. "Tight government spending still affecting 
business," reported one transportation equipment executive. "Military slowdown affecting business," 
said a computer and electronics executive. 
The ISM report comes amid concerns about the Federal Reserve's plans to pull back on quantitative 
easing, its $85bn-a-month bond-buying program aimed at encouraging investment. "Following any 
economic report these days, all roads lead to the effect, or lack thereof, on Fed asset purchases. So in 
that regard, today's report does nothing to dissuade the Fed from pulling back on purchases. As for 
the broader economic impact, today's report is entirely consistent with the moderate expansion 
we've been experiencing," Dan Greenhaus, chief global strategist at broker BTIG, wrote in a note to 
investors. The next big test of the strength of the US economy comes on Friday, with the release of the 
latest non-farm payroll report. US employers slowed the pace of hiring in July, adding 162,000 new 
jobs — down from 188,000 in June. But the unemployment rate continued to fall, reaching 7.4%, its 
lowest level in more than four years. See attached article from The Guardian by Dominic Rushe -
US manufacturing expands at fastest rate since July 2011. 
TRULY STUPID 
Republicans Offer Syria Strategy: "We Must 
Defund Obamacare" 
WASHINGTON (The Borowitz Report) — As the debate over Syria moves to the United States 
Congress, a leading Senate Republican said today that the only way to resolve the crisis in the war-tom 
Middle Eastern country is by "defunding Obamacare at once." Appearing on the Fox News 
Channel, Sen. Ted Cruz (A-Texas) told host Sean Hannity, "If we're trying to send a strong message 
to (Syrian President] Bashar al Assad, I can think of no better way to do that than by defending 
Obamacare." Elaborating on his strategy, Sen. Cruz added, "By defunding Obamacare, we would 
basically be saying to Assad, This is how we attack our own President, so just imagine what we'll do 
to you. ' That would make him think twice before he pulls another one of his stunts." "You can fire off 
as many Tomahawk missiles as you want," said Sen. Cruz. "But they won't have the same impact on 
Syria as defending Obamacare." 
Shortly after his appearance, Sen. 
statements drew a sharp rebuke from a fellow Republican, 
Arizona Senator John McCain, who called the prospect of bombing Syria "the only thing I have to live 
for." "Look, I've been in a very dark place since the 2008 election," Sen. McCain told reporters. 'There 
have been a lot of mornings when, quite frankly, I haven't had a reason to get out of bed. It's all well 
and good for people like Ted Cruz to criticize Tomahawk missiles, but hitting Syria is all that's 
keeping me going." Think about it 
this is one of the people that Republican Conservatives 
describe as the Future Of The Party 
OMG 
SCARBOROUGH: 'SEND IN THE CLOWNS' 
Joe Scarborough derided members of the Republican party for alienating their colleagues for not being 
'conservative enough.' These actions, according to Scarborough, are making the Republicans 'so 
EFTA01133588
--- PAGE 33 ---
irrelevant.' 
Weblink: Mtp://www.thedailybeast.cornkideos/2013/08/27/searborough-send-in-the-clowns.html#comments 
Weblink: http://shar.es/ingfN
For those who didn't listen to the President's weekly radio address, this week he told a war-weary 
country on Saturday that America needs to use limited military force in Syria to deter future chemical 
weapons attacks, but said he did not want to enter into another costly and protracted war. 
Web link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCrCujWIgUYitt=5fi
'This would not be another Iraq or Afghanistan," Obama said in his weekly radio and internet address, 
previewing arguments he will make in a nationally televised address on Tuesday. "Any action we take 
would be limited, both in time and scope - designed to deter the Syrian government from gassing its 
own people again and degrade its ability to do so," Obama said. A week ago, Obama said he felt 
limited strikes in Syria were needed, but added he wanted to ask Congress to authorize the use of 
military force. 
For those who didn't listen to the President's weekly radio address, this week he told a war-weary 
country on Saturday that America needs to use limited military force in Syria to deter future chemical 
weapons attacks, but said he did not want to enter into another costly and protracted war. 
Web link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCrCujWIgUYn=5¢
"This would not be another Iraq or Afghanistan," Obama said in his weekly radio and internet 
address, previewing arguments he will make in a nationally televised address on Tuesday. "Any action 
we take would be limited, both in time and scope - designed to deter the Syrian government from 
gassing its own people again and degrade its ability to do so," Obama said. A week ago, Obama said 
he felt limited strikes in Syria were needed, but added he wanted to ask Congress to authorize the use 
of military force. 
What the intelligence on Syria shows 
As Congress weighs whether to approve a military strike against the Syrian government in response to 
the alleged use of chemical weapons against its own people, lawmakers are expected to scrutinize all of 
the intelligence — both classified and unclassified — as they zero in on decisions. Thanks to the 
information below compiled this week in The Washington Post from Darla Cameron and Anup 
Kaphle, you can also take a look at some of what the U.S. intelligence shows, compared to that of 
Britain and France. 
16..p 
rd try Britain 
EFTA01133589
--- PAGE 34 ---
Britain's Joint Intelligence Committee released a report on Aug. 29. Sources include "intelligence 
reports plus diplomatic and open sources." Parliament voted against action in Syria later that day. 
CASUALTIES ON AUG. 21 
350 
"Unlike previous attacks, the degree of open source reporting of CW use on 21 August has been 
considerable. As a result, there is little serious dispute that chemical attacks causing mass casualties on 
a larger scale than hitherto (including, we judge, at least 350 fatalities) took place." 
CHEMICALS USED 
Nerve agent 
Britain's Joint Intelligence Committee said the attack is consistent with the use of a nerve agent, such 
as sarin, and is not consistent with the use of blister or riot control agents. 
PRIOR ATTACKS 
"We have assessed previously that the Syrian regime used lethal CW on 14 occasions from 2012." 
U.S. 
The White House released a declassified intelligence summary on Aug. 3o. Sources include "human, 
signals, and geospatial intelligence as well as a significant body of open source reporting." 
CASUALTIES ON AUG. 21 
1,429 
"A preliminary U.S. government assessment determined that 1,429 people were killed in thechemical 
weapons attack, including at least 426 children." 
CHEMICALS USED 
Sarin 
On Sept. 1, Secretary of State John F. Kerry said new laboratory tests showed traces of sarin, an extremely toxic nerve 
agent, in blood and hair samples collected from emergency workers who responded to the Aug. 21 attacks. 
PRIOR ATTACKS 
No specific number given 
EFTA01133590
--- PAGE 35 ---
"We assess with high confidence that the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons on a small scale against the opposition 
multiple times in the last year, including in the Damascus suburbs." 
I 
I France 
France's president, foreign ministry and defense ministry released a declassified report, maps and 
videos about the Aug. 21 attack on Sept. 2. Their sources include lab tests from previous attacks, social 
media reports and videos taken after the August attack. 
CASUALTIES ON AUG. 21 
281 
281 were confirmed from 47 videos studied by the French, but their report acknowledges up to 1,500. 
CHEMICALS USED 
Sarin 
French analysis confirmed that sarin was used in previous attacks. Their report also said that Syria 
has "a thousand tons of chemical warfare agents" including mustard gas, sarin and VX, a nerve agent. 
PRIOR ATTACKS 
Two 
France analyzed biological samples from 2 April attacks, Saraqueb & ,Jobar and found evidence of 
sarin. 
This week in The Washington Post as Congressional support for attacking Syria continued to 
evaporate under growing pressure from constitutes, Jason Linkins wrote — If Congress Says 'No' 
On Syria, What Happens Next? - 
Especially if the President chooses to go with the will of 
Congress, as U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron did. His conclusion are: 
First, there will be a boatload of whining. If you recall, many of the soft and slackened armchair 
generalissimos of Sunday Morning Punditry reacted with a strong howl of derision when Obama 
announced that he was seeking Congress' approval in the first place. "This isn't a civics lesson, lives 
are at stake," bellowed Chris Wallace, who later complained, "But nothing's going to happen for 10 
EFTA01133591
--- PAGE 36 ---
days!" Over at "Meet The Press," David Gregory, believing that Secretary of State John Kerry's case-
making on Syria essentially made a new war a fait accompli, asked Kerry if Obama's decision to go to 
Congress made him 'feel undermined." 
If Congress does say No, and if Obama listens — I see no reason to expect he won't — it will set in 
motion a very interesting experiment. The roar of Obama-is-weak punditry — casting Obama as a lame 
duck who can't get Congress to do anything, with grave consequences for the rest of his agenda — will 
be deafening, with few willing to point out that heeding Congress' word is the right thing to do for the 
country. (Many are currently discussing the decision to go to Congress only in terms of motive and 
"optics" while refusing to comment on the substance of the decision itself.) Needless to say this will be 
viewed in the terms of "winners" and "loser", with the President being cast as the biggest loser. So, 
basically, the first thing that happens is that you get a red tide of media bullshit in every newspaper 
and every television. 
Assad will probably crow about Congress returning a "no" vote. 
Yeah, if you are an American who can't sleep at night because you are just so frightfully concerned 
about what brutal madman Bashar Assad thinks about your country, you are probably in for a rough 
ride. Chances are, if Congress opts to not grant Obama the authorization to use force, Assad will do a 
lot of triumphal yargling, and maybe preen for his Instagram account, in celebration. This is sort of 
inevitable. Any such pronouncement from Assad will also contribute to the aforementioned "red tide 
of media bullshit," as cable news people and Sunday morning hosts throw Assad's rhetoric in the face 
of White House spokespeople. It's actually very amusing to me to listen to political reporters take what 
is essentially "Iraqi Information Minister" style propaganda, or playground taunts, and treat it as if it 
should be the prime mover of American foreign policy, but this is what happens. Chris Cillizza will 
probably write a blog post about how Assad had the "best week in Washington." 
The mitigating factor here is that if Congress grants Obama its authorization, and we carry out our 
narrow, targeted, bombing campaign, there is still a likelihood that Assad will survive this, and he will 
just go right ahead and make the same triumphant yargles that M 
make if we don't end up doing 
anything, so this is basically a wash. Of course, in the event that he survives a bombing campaign to do 
further strutting, the media will treat it in the same way, making the implicit demand that more has to 
be done because we're not gonna sit here and take these taunts from Assad, are we? Are we?!? And 
this is how pointless escalation and quagmires happen! 
Events on the ground will continue to shape the debate. 
If Congress eventually opts to not grant an authorization to use force, all is not lost for those hungry for 
war. Assad will continue to murder his own people, and perhaps even deploy chemical weapons to do 
so. And depending on what happens, Obama will always have the option to come back and take a 
second shot. And there is an argument that Obama would be in a stronger position a second time 
around. One of the things you have to remember is that Obama, as commander in chief, is pretty 
much on the hook for any action taken in Syria. But the point of this authorization vote, at least 
politically, is to put Congress on the hook for the consequences of inaction. 
So, if Congress votes no and a few thousand Syrians die in brutal fashion, Obama gets to come back 
with an '7 told you so," and ask again. And he might prevail. Neil Irwin, who sees a lot of similarities 
between this authorization ask and the 2008 vote on the Troubled Asset Relief Program, recalls that 
TARP "initially failed in a House vote before being approved in slightly modified form a few days 
later." What helped that along was the continuing argument about the direness of the situation and 
enough modifications to elicit a slightly greater amount of trust in the elites making the case. Of 
course, the seedy underside to this is that in order for the political calculus to change, a whole bunch of 
human beings halfway around the world have to die first. 
EFTA01133592
--- PAGE 37 ---
There's always the chance that Obama will just say "piss it," and launch a military 
campaign against Syria anyway. 
The White House's semi-official line on what happens if Congress doesn't endorse a military strike is 
that there is no semi-official line on what happens if Congress doesn't endorse a military strike. But 
just as Blinker, on Friday, "left the door open," Kerry has as well, saying that the White House reserves 
the right to act unilaterally "no matter what Congress does." Should he do so, Obama will probably 
receive a hearty helping of valentines from the people in the media who would have otherwise defamed 
him for accepting Congress' verdict. At least up until things go sideways, that is, after which the 
chorale of criticism will return: "Those bombs would have hit their targets better if Obama had shown 
more leadership... Assad remains in power because the White House has bungled the 'narrative,' et 
cetera. 
The thing to remember, of course, is that if Obama goes it alone, he won't just be breaking with 
Congress -- he'll be breaking against the will of the American people, who oppose a military strike in 
Syria in large numbers. This is why Obama will attempt to make his case for military intervention in a 
primetime address this coming Tuesday night (remembering as always to not interrupt Monday night 
football to ask if it's okay with everyone if we go to war). And there would be consequences for going 
alone resulting in the President losing the trust both home and abroad, as well as setting off an effort 
in the House to impeach him, which even if it went nowhere could be distracting and draining. 
With this said, the President is between a rock and a hard place, because no matter what happens he 
will be castigated by foes here and abroad, with Putin and Rand Paul claiming that the President was 
wrong and Sunday pundits, dissecting how he blew it. Yet none of these concerned parties will offer 
any solutions on how to resolve this ugly quagmire that is killing dozens (if not hundreds) of innocent 
people every day and could ignite civil unrest elsewhere in the region. 
THIS WEEK's QUOTE 
"If your actions inspire others to dream more,learn more, do more and become more 
you are a leader" - John Adams 
AMAZING VIDEO 
his is truly an incredible video. Hard to believe this Osprey got 5-6 fish 
at a 
time and then got a flounder under 3 feet of water and made off with 
what looks to be a 5+ lbs. steelhead. 
Have you ever seen a bird shake water off like a dog does?!!! 
Wouldn't want to get in its way when its eyes are locked onto you and 
his 
talons in the "load" position! Its talons are amazing! 
EFTA01133593
--- PAGE 38 ---
There are 3 sequences in this one video: 
1st sequence - catches half a dozen fish in one strike. 
2nd sequence - plunges talons into deep water to grab the prey. 
3rd sequence - captures a big old fish that looks as if it weighs more 
than he does! 
This is incredible to watch! 
Weblink: http://www.youtube.com/embedinA3LtXnNIto?feature=player embedded 
SAYINGS OF CONFUCIUS 
Confucius said all that? 
Confucius Say. 
It's ok to let a fool kiss you, 
but don't let a kiss fool you. 
Confucius Say. 
A kiss is just shopping upstairs 
for downstairs merchandise. 
EFTA01133594
--- PAGE 39 ---
Confucius Say. 
It is better to lose a lover 
than love a loser. 
Confucius Say. 
Man with a broken condom 
is called a Daddy 
Confucius Say. 
Man who mix Viagra and Ex-Lax, 
doesn't know if he's coming or going. 
Confucius Say. 
A drunken man's words 
are a sober man's thoughts. 
Confucius Say. 
Marriage is like a bank account. 
You put it in, you take it out, 
and you lose interest. 
Confucius Say. 
Viagra is like Disneyland ... 
a one hour wait for a 2-minute ride. 
Confucius Say. 
It is much better to want the mate you do not have 
than to have the mate you do not want. 
Confucius Say. A joke is like sex. 
Neither is any good if you don't get it. 
THIS WEEK's QUOTE 
EFTA01133595
--- PAGE 40 ---
"If your actions inspire others to dream more,learn more,do more and become more 
you are a leader" - John Adams 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
After finishing this week's readings, I am too spent to really concentrate on any "one" musician or 
music genre, finding myself listening to my iPod and finding solace in some of my favorite Hip Hop 
songs, as they had nothing to do with Syria, Obamacare, Congressional Debates, latest economic news, 
Sunday Morning Pundits, George Zimmerman wife's divorce announcement, John McCain's latest 
rants and President Obama being snubbed by Vladimir Putin. No matter what happens next week, 
pundits will try their best to identify winners and loser instead of looking for solutions to the many 
problems facing mankind. There is no rhyme or reason for this selection other than I love these songs, 
the luck of the draw and hope that you will enjoy them too. With this said, please enjoy this week's 
mucid selection 
Sugarhill Gang — Rapper's Delight --
Grandmaster Flash — The Message --
Slick Rick & Doug E. Fresh — Children Story --
Kid Frost — Ain't No Sunshine --
Big Daddy Kane — Smooth Operator --
Grandmaster Flash — White Lines --
Heavy D & The Boyz - Is It Good To You --
LL Cool J — I Need Love --
Aerosmith & Run DMC — Walk This Way --
Whodini — Friends -- 
and 
Young MC — Bust A Move --
Rob Base and DJ E Z Rock — It Takes Two --
Ghostface Killah & Ne-Yo — Back Like That --
Eminem — Real Slim Shady --
Warren G & Nate Dogg — Regulate --
2Pac — So Many Tears --
Tone Loc — Wild Thing --
and 
I know that this week's offerings are heavily weighed around Syria, but it was impossible 
to ignore the many contradiction as this civil war its testing the moral integrity of both 
EFTA01133596
--- PAGE 41 ---
America and the rest of the international community. This week or two will be 
extremely interesting 
and what will be will be or as Doris Day sang back in the 1.95os, 
Que Sera, Sera 
 With this said, I wish you a great week 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Partners, LLC 
EFTA01133597

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133598.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: andre dunstetter -ta> 
To: andre dunstetter 
Subject: What a party.... 
Date: Sun, 08 Sep 2013 09:25:23 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
... it was ! Vienna Hofburg last night ! 
EFTA01133598
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01133599
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133600

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133601.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kaiyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: school schedule 
Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2013 15:57:33 +0000 
Attachments: Individual_ fall_ schedule.docx; 3rd_year schedule.xls 
EFTA01133601

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133602.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Barnett 
To: 
jeffrey Epstein 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: Back splash installation 
Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2013 17:02:07 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: IMG-20130828-00298.jpg; IMG-20130828-00299.jpg; IMG-20130828-00302.jpg; IMG-
20130828-00300.jpg 
Hi Rich the kitchen back splash installation is complete looks perfect. 
> Fro 
> To 
> Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2013 12:13:11 +0000 
> Subject: Back splash installation 
> Sent on the Sprint® Now Network from my BlackBerry's 
EFTA01133602

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133603.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133603

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133604.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133604

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133605.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133605

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133606.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133606

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133607.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein cleevacation(iiigmail.com> 
To: Clare Probert < 
-, Mortimer Zuckerman 
Kristofer Knutson 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2013 17:10:44 +0000 
Attachments: September_3, 
as you asked. attached agreement. all trusts re done . taking into acct charitable pledges, investments , notes 
owed, income tax, neg basis, settlement agreements, past trusts. financial statements. litigation posture, (Joel 
involvment ) . you get not to pay second payment if you feel you have not received value 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133607

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133608.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Kobre & Kim LLP" 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Kobre & Kim LLP's Center for Trial Advocacy Presents: How to Cross-Examine an Expert 
Witness 
Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2013 19:12:43 +0000 
If you're having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online. 
Share This: lit 
National Law Journal 
PDan Webb 
2,Kobre & Kim LLP's 
Center for Trial Advocacy 
Presents: How to Cross-
Examine an Expert Witness 
Featuring Nationally 
Recognized Trial Attorneys 
Dan Webb of Winston & 
Strawn LLP and Matthew 
kAtranhal ea Wales .12, Wien 
;,Kobre & Kim LLP 
laMatthew Menchel 
Please join moderator and director of the Center for Trial Advocacy, Matthew Menchel, for a live 
CLE accredited seminar and webinar featuring leading trial attorney, Dan Webb, as he 
demonstrates how to successfully cross-examine an expert witness. 
Mr. Webb's presentation will demonstrate: 
• How to challenge an expert witness's credentials 
• Ways to discredit an expert's methodology or theory 
• Strategies to impeach certain aspects of an expert's testimony while turning other aspects 
to your advantage 
Immediately following the presentation, attendees will be able to participate in a dynamic Q&A 
session with Mr. Webb and Mr. Menchel. 
Date: Tuesday, September 10, 2013 
Time: 
6:3opm — 7:3opm CDT; Live seminar/webinar 
7:3opm — 8:3opm CDT; Cocktail reception 
Click Here to 
Register for the 
Web inar 
EFTA01133608
--- PAGE 2 ---
Live webinar will be offered through 
Live seminar will be held at Loyola University —
Regent's Hall 
it ;Click Here to 
Register for the 
Seminar 
Complimentary CLE will be offered for New York, Florida and Illinois on the live date of the 
program. CLE credit for other jurisdictions available upon request. A participant must 
individually view a program on its broadcast date to receive credit. 
For additional information, please contact: 
This email was sent to jeevacation@gmall.com. To ensure that you continue receiving our emails, please add us to your 
address book or safe list. 
manage your preferences I ont out using TrueRemove®. 
Got this as a forwa d? Sian Iv  to receive our future emails. 
dowered by 
emma 
EFTA01133609

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133610.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stephanie Hodges 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Crate to Zorro 
Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2013 19:53:28 +0000 
Attachments: Speakersjpg; Six_Iron_Candle_Holdersjpg; Skeet_Launcher.jpg; Archery_Accessoriesjpg; 
Wild_Boar Archery_Targetjpg; Four Boxes_Arrows.jpg; Two_Bows.jpg; 
The_Cube_Archery_Targetjpg; Skeet_Birds_2_boxes.jpg 
Please find photos attached for the "Crate to Zorro" items. They are all quite heavy and I just want to confirm 
that you would like it all sent. 
x Boxes White Flyer Skeet Birds 
x The Cube Archery Target 
x Bows 
x Boxes Arrows 
x Wild Boar Target 
x Box of Archery Supplies 
x Skeet Launcher 
x Iron Candle Holders 
x Speakers 
Steph 
LSJ,LLC 
Island Manager 
6100 Red Hook Quarters Suite B3 
St Thomas 
USVI 00802 
EFTA01133610

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133611.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133611

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133612.pdf
----------------------------------------
~~ 
EFTA01133612

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133613.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133613

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133614.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
EFTA01133614

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133615.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133615

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133616.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133616

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133617.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133617

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133618.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133618

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133619.pdf
----------------------------------------
WHITE 
13"1°14' 
EFTA01133619

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133620.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: President
To: njeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Message from Leon Botstein's office 
Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2013 20:01:44 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
President Botstein asked that I send you this article from the L.A. Times. 
Best Regards, 
Catherine 
♦ Catherine Susser Luiggi I Executive Assistant to the President 
Bard College 
I oft 
www.bard.edu 
http://www.latimes.com/entertainment/arts/culture/la-et-cm-botstein-hollywood-bowl-review-
20130829,0,4204208.story 
Music review: Botstein has last laugh with L.A. Phil at the 
Bowl 
The conductor's hands-off interpretive approach Tuesday made for a sensational Prokofiev with violinist 
Jennifer Koh as soloist. 
EFTA01133620
--- PAGE 2 ---
Leon Botstein conducts the Los Angeles Philharmonic at the Hollywood Bowl. (Michael Robinson Chavez, Los Angeles 
Times / January 14, 2009) 
By Mark Swed, Los Angeles Times Music Critic 
August 28, 2013 2:20M. 
They laughed when Leon Botstein became president of Bard College in 1975, at the very idea that a 28-year-old 
could enliven a venerable New York liberal arts college. They laughed in 1990 when Botstein started the Bard 
Music Festival, which had the appearance of a vanity operation for his own seemingly dubious ambitions as a 
conductor. They laughed once more when he became music director of the American Symphony Orchestra 20 
years ago, especially after some rocky early performances and scathing reviews. 
From what I gather some American orchestras were laughing this summer at the very notion of Botstein making 
his Hollywood Bowl debut. The Los Angeles Philharmonic was the first major American orchestra to invite 
Botstein to conduct. That debut was Tuesday night in a program of Prokofiev and Shostakovich. It was a success. 
Then again, so is Bard College, which Botstein has made a progressive leader in many areas of education. So is the 
Bard Music Festival, which continues to be, year after year under Botstein, the summer's most stimulating music 
festival. And so is the American Symphony, which Botstein has used to spearhead the kind of adventurous 
thematic programming that many other orchestras are now looking at as a way to remain relevant. 
Why, therefore, all the worry, especially given that Botstein has had an active career guest conducting in Western 
and Eastern Europe and served as music director of the Jerusalem Symphony for eight years? He's even begun 
getting rave reviews in New York. 
Part of the problem is that, perhaps out its own insecurity, America's music establishment has a history of 
mistrusting intellectuals. And Botstein happens to be someone "The Colbert Report" can turn to when looking for 
an egghead. 
The populist, picnic-friendly Bowl, with its large video screens, may seem like the last place for an academic. And 
yet Botstein's basically hands-off interpretive approach served him exceedingly well in a sensational performance 
of Prokofiev's Second Violin Concerto with Jennifer Koh as soloist. Botstein may keep an objective, emotional 
distance as a conductor, but he also had no intention of getting in the way of an intensely passionate violinist. 
EFTA01133621
--- PAGE 3 ---
This was, believe it or not, the all-around most compelling performance of anything I've heard all summer at the 
Bowl. For once, the amphitheater's many moving parts were placed at the service of an extraordinary soloist, who 
dug into the concerto with an unrelenting intensity. 
Botstein provided Koh with a secure framework in which to operate. The L.A. Phil, which had sounded like it had 
entered into late summer doldrums last week, came roaring back to life on a sultry evening. The new sound system 
was more vibrant than ever, capturing the bodily substance of Koh's sound. 
At last, even the controversial high definition video was just fine. Finally, the colors on screen matched the stage, 
and so did the luminosity, no longer fighting the music or forcing your attention to go where you may not want it. 
Koh was so worth watching that I almost wish the Los Angeles Opera would consider installing video when Koh 
returns to town in October as Einstein in the Philip Glass and Robert Wilson opera "Einstein on the Beach" at the 
Dorothy Chandler Pavilion (just kidding.) 
The big piece Tuesday was Shostakovich's Tenth Symphony. Botstein introduced the night by placing the program 
in the context of Soviet music. Prokofiev's concerto was written in 1935 just before he returned from the West to 
Russia. The composer then had to spend the rest of his life contending with Stalin, and both died, coincidentally, 
in 1953 on the same day. 
Shostakovich's Tenth, written just after Stalin's death, is often interpreted as a bitter reproach to the dictator. The 
first movement is long and moody. The second movement is a macabre march; the third, a weird waltz. Derisive 
anger bubbles up everywhere. The last movement is ruminative and ferocious. Climaxes hit you over the head. The 
composer makes himself the protagonist, using musical codes for his name and that of a mistress. The symphony 
finally ends with a coda of glee. 
The usual way to treat this symphony is as if it were an epic Russian novel, squeezing character out of every 
extravagant Shostakovichian utterance. Botstein didn't. His performance was adamant. He does love loud. 
But he otherwise displayed an element of emotional caution. Without too many interpretive cues or really any 
kind of cues, the orchestra needed to be very alert. The wind solos were impressive. The brass proved solid. The 
strings held things together. The L.A. Phil made it work. 
In the end, Botstein made neither too little nor too much of Shostakovich's best but still indulgent symphony. It 
was what it was, which is saying a lot. And Botstein was what he is, which is also saying a lot. 
EFTA01133622

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133623.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Twitter <info@twitter.com> 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Tweets from Kurt Andersen, howard wolfson, and 6 others 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 04:55:14 +0000 
Jeffrey epstein, 
Here's what's trending on Twitter this week. 
Conversations on Twitter have a new look. See it nowt 
WFAN Sports Radio @wFANeso 
Update: #Mets GM Sandy Alderson reveals that it's possible 
that Matt Harvey will miss the rest of the season. 
cbsloc.al/14ywzbS 
Francesa: Mets Ace Matt Harvey To Land On The 
Disabled List 
Mike Francesa reported on Monday that Mets ace Matt 
Harvey will land on the DL due to a partially-torn UCL. 
Fq. 
lira' I  
I lea I RELATED TV.EETS 
Aga 
;2,
Kurt Andersen isQKBA,•de'se-
Tweet? OK. 543-word post? Sad. MT @joehagansays 
Howard Kurtz, top flight reporter, gets to the heart of the 
matter. foxne.vs.com/politics12013/... 
Ben Bradlee's daughter-in-law reveals (almost) 
all on Facebook 
Ben Bradlee. one of the great men of American Journalism. 
celebrated his 92nd birthday yesterday, and his daughter-in-
law paid tribute by posting a photo of them and saying it is a 
dream to be part of... 
WE= 
RELATED TWEETS 
Aug 
howard wolfson @howiewolf 
On term limits: "Neither Mr. de Blasio nor a spokesman 
would acknowledge that his position on the issue shifted" 
on.wsj.com/17iagpf 
Tussle over term limits on campaign trail in New 
York City mayoral race 
Bill de Blasio, who has attacked Christine Quinn for helping to 
overturn term-limit laws, was once a proponent of setting 
aside voter-imposed term limits. 
Aug 
EFTA01133623
--- PAGE 2 ---
P I 3
A 
RELATED TWEETS 
The Star-Ledger @staiiedger 
A look back at the forgotten storm - Hurricane Irene. 2 years 
ago today it started to sweep through New Jersey. nj-
ne.ws/ojin8 
Hurricane Irene: New Jersey's forgotten storm 
Hurricane Irene swept through the Garden State exactly two 
years ago this week and caused widespread destruction -
thanks to the torrential rain and powerful winds, coupled with 
a full moon high tide... 
' 
RELATED TWEETS 
Aug 
gait 
Josh Barro @jbarro 
Actual Fox News chyron right now: "50 YEARS AFTER 
MARCH ON WASHINGTON, SOME SEE RAP MUSIC AS A 
PROBLEM." 
,:ETWEETS 
David Waldstein @DayidWaldstein 
Get a Metrocard like everyone else! 
I
WI WI 
RETWEETS 
New York Mets ©Mets 
#Mets trade J.Buck, M. Byrd and cash considerations to 
Pittsburgh for minor league second baseman Dilson 
Herrera and a player to be named. 
 RETWEETS 
Jeremy Hefner ©jeremy_hefner53 
Surgery in the morning! Get this thing fixed and come back 
stronger! Thanks for the encouraging text and tweets 
Aug 
Aug 
Aug 
Aug 
EFTA01133624
--- PAGE 3 ---
Don't miss out. Stay up to date on what's happening. 
Go to Twitter 
Forgot your Twitter password? Get instructions on how to reset it. 
You can also unsubscribe from these emails or change your notification settings. Need help? 
If you received this message in error and did not sign up for Twitter. click not my account. 
Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market St.. Suite 900 San Francisco. CA 94103 
EFTA01133625

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133626.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry Cohen
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 27 Feb 2014 18:44:08 +0000 
Attachments: 400_x_568 
pool girl 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133626

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133627.pdf
----------------------------------------
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" • 
• > 
<plist version="1.0m> 
<diet> 
<key>URL</key> 
<string> 
tring> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
1.O.dtd 
ct rc&amp;dur=459.5amp;page=1Samp;start=0Samp;ndsp=49</s 
EFTA01133627

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133628.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth < =IMa 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski czl 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 12:27:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133628

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133629.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 12:27:56 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133629

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133630.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski  
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 12:27:29 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133630

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133631.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 15:40:19 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133631
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133632
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133633

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133634.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Saul Wurman  
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 15:52:35 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
Forwarded message ---
From: Jeffrey leevacation@gmail.cotn>
Date: Fri, Aug 30, 2013 at 11:40 AM 
Subject: 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.cotn>
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133634

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133635.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133635

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133636.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: BJAV 2012 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 17:34:50 +0000 
Attachments: img-830130812-0001.pdf 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, August 30, 2013 1:08 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 50 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01133636

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133637.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth 
To• 
Cc: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@ginail.com> 
Subject: Carpet for JE Aircraft 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 18:12:22 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg 
Inline-Images: image007.jpg; image008.jpg; image009.jpg 
Good afternoon-
Jeffrey found a carpet that he really likes for his Gulfstream. 
The carpet is "produced" (realistically, sourced by...) Stark Carpet. 
JE informed me that he has purchased many carpet from "Saki and would like for you to call Sako and see if they can 
source this carpet. 
I have attached the specific carpet information. 
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me. 
Thank you. 
Eric 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
T 
E
R
'
O
R 
S 
to 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
EFTA01133637

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133638.pdf
----------------------------------------
CARPET FABRIC WALLCOVERING FUkt,;!-r;:oP 
979 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 
T 212.752.9000 F 212.752.9013 
www.starkcarpet.com 
Quality 
Color 
Joie 
Ve4vrj 
Asia( 
/27,6er- bd.-6c.) n 
244 -g 
Contents of Pile ‘‘' 
i.dOz Z 
RN 19619 3 
577K 
 ,/
Made in 
EFTA01133638

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133639.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133639

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133640.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133640

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133641.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski <
> 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 20:52:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133641
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133642
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133643

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133644.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski <
> 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 20:53:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. BOTH PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133644
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133645
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133646

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133647.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski <
> 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 20:53:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133647
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133648
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133649

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133650.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski <
> 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 20:54:14 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133650
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133651
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133652

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133653.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski <
> 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 20:54:46 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. BOTH PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133653
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133654
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133655

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133656.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski <
> 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 20:55:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133656
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133657
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133658

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133659.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 20:56:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH PRESIDENT 
EFTA01133659

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133660.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey E stein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 22:00:12 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg 
hahah 
On Fri, Au 30, 2013 at 5:54 P 
Here's your photo :D 
wrote: 
On Aug 30, 2013, at 4:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
where is my photo? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01133660
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133661

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133662.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffre E stein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 22:07:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg 
not me.. i want a photo of you? 
On Fri, Au 30, 2013 at 5:54 PM, 
wrote: 
Here's your photo :D 
On Aug 30, 2013, at 4:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
where is my photo? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01133662
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133663

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133664.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2013 23:00:25 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg 
We were prepared to replace the piece of veneer at your seat position to accommodate the switches. We would carefully 
strip an existing piece of veneer (that would coordinate with the ledge) from the old conference table and seam it outboard 
of the table lid and the phone lid. 
We can not do that with the other ledges, so we can not reposition the switches at the other 3 seating areas, nor can we 
delete the cup holders. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [maittoleevacation@gmall.00m] 
Sent: Friday, August 30, 2013 5:33 PM 
To: Eric Roth; Ivjet 
Subject: Re: 
do we have to re do the foot rests . if they need to fit over the ducts? 
On Fri, Aug 30, 2013 at 4:56 PM, Eric Roth < 
> wrote: 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA01133664
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133665

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133666.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: IPiiTP 
in <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 31 Aug 2013 01:17:47 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg 
Take one in minor 
On Friday, August 30, 2013, 
vrote: 
Ok, my intemet connection on laptop has resigned. I was going to sent you another photo wit 
I'm sending different one at least :-) 
How u doin' in the Caribbean? 
EFTA01133666
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133667
--- PAGE 3 ---
On Fri, Aug 30, 2013 at 5:54 PM 
wrote: 
<image.jpeg> Here's your photo
On Aug 30, 2013, at 4:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
where is my photo? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacatiou@gmaila, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA01133668
--- PAGE 4 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133669

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133670.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 31 Aug 2013 01:29:38 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg 
I have good one :-) 
EFTA01133670
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133671
--- PAGE 3 ---
On Aug 30, 2013, at 9:17 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Take one in mirror 
On Friday, August 30, 2013, wrote: 
fir rn'. intarnnt rnnnnction on laptop has resigned. I was going to sent you another photo with 
I'm sending different one at least :-) 
How u doin' in the Caribbean? 
<image.jpeg> 
On Fri, Aug 30, 2013 at 5:54 PM,
wrote: 
<image.jpeg> Here's your photo :D 
On Aug 30, 2013, at 4:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein izevacatim@gmailsma> wrote: 
where is my photo? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@grilaiisnm, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133672
--- PAGE 4 ---
**** ****************************** 
************************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133673

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133674.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 31 Aug 2013 14:18:37 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg 
thanks 
On Fri, Au 30, 2013 at 5:54 PM, 
Here's your photo :D 
wrote: 
On Aug 30, 2013, at 4:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
where is my photo? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01133674
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133675

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133676.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 31 Aug 2013 14:37:21 +0000 
Inline-Images: image003.jpg; image002.jpg; image00 1 jpg 
still no detail re leather or wood insert, and im not clear on the new side panel. 
On Fri, Aug 30, 2013 at 7:00 PM, Eric Roth <
IMa 
wrote: 
We were prepared to replace the piece of veneer at your seat position to accommodate the switches. We would 
carefully strip an existing piece of veneer (that would coordinate with the ledge) from the old conference table and seam 
it outboard of the table lid and the phone lid. 
We can not do that with the other ledges, so we can not reposition the switches at the other 3 seating areas, nor can we 
delete the cup holders. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacationegmail.com]
Sent: Friday, August 30, 2013 5:33 PM 
To: Eric Roth; lvjet 
Subject: Re: 
do we have to re do the foot rests . if they need to fit over the ducts? 
EFTA01133676
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Fri, Aug 30, 2013 at 4:56 PM, Eric Roth < 
> wrote: 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133677

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133678.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 31 Aug 2013 15:31:44 +0000 
Attachments: photojpg 
EFTA01133678

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133679.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133679

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133680.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 31 Aug 2013 15:35:03 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from m iPhone 
EFTA01133680

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133681.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: here 
Date: Sat, 31 Aug 2013 20:19:19 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.3JPG.jpeg; photo4jpeg 
have your pick , there's two! 
EFTA01133681
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133682
--- PAGE 3 ---
On Aug 30, 2013, at 4:38 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
where is my photo? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01133683
--- PAGE 4 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133684

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133685.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: tennis fence 
Date: Thu, 27 Feb 2014 20:24:19 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25314022118561.pdf 
midrail is the bar in the bottom picture (far right) going across at approximately 6 feet 
is this something you would like around entire fence? 
midrail option cost is 1,850.00 
total base quote from hoover 14,925.83 
total cost delivered to tropical with midrail option: 16,776.49 
(i will negotiate pricing further) 
please note above cost does not included tropical shipping cost & installation 
please advise midrail or no midrail? 
Richard Kahn 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Kahn 
Subject: tennis fence 
Date: February 21, 2014 6:20:41 PM EST 
To: Daphne Wallace 
Cc: ann rodriquez < 
tc
> 
please review and confirm you understand my diagram 
if so then daphne please get quote from hoover early next week 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
Begin forwarded message: 
EFTA01133685
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: Februa 
21, 2014 5:56:57 PM EST 
To: 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01133686

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133687.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Ma> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 31 Aug 2013 21:52:55 +0000 
Attachments: IMG-20130830-WA0005jpg 
EFTA01133687

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133688.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133688

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133689.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 01 Sep 2013 18:42:57 +0000 
Inline-Images: image002.jpg; image003.jpg; image00 1 jpg 
we didn't get a cost. ? did we ? 
On Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 2:40 PM, Eric Roth <I 
> wrote: 
Understood, but you did not like the exorbitant cost 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtmjeeyacationagmail.com
Sent: Sunday, September 01, 2013 2:39 PM 
To: Eric Roth; Ivjet 
Subject: 
had we ordered the stark copy initialy we would have had it for the 15th 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA01133689
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133690

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133691.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sun, 01 Sep 2013 18:54:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: image005.jpg; image007.jpg; image004.jpg; image006.jpg; image009.jpg; image008.jpg 
????? 
Forwarded message  
From: Eric Roth <I 
Date: Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 2:49 PM 
Subject: RE: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
I believe 
had gotten a price of around $785 sq yd..... 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T 
E 
R 
I 
O 
R 
S 
IC 
I www.intljet.com 0 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacSgmail com 
Sent: Sunday, September 01, 2013 2:43 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: 
we didn't get a cost. ? did we ? 
EFTA01133691
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 2:40 PM, Eric Roth < 
> wrote: 
Understood, but you did not like the exorbitant cost 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
)
.• 
international jet 
L
I
E
R
I
O
R
S 
IC 
I
w
w
w
.
i
t
l
j
e
t
c
o
m
V
.
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeation@gmail com 
Sent: Sunday, September 01, 2013 2:39 PM 
To: Eric Roth; Ivjet 
Subject: 
had we ordered the stark copy initialy we would have had it for the 15th 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133692
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133693

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133694.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 20 Aug 2013 01:49:42 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2)jpg; photo(3).jpg 
On Monday, 19 August 2013 
wrote: 
It was really fun!! thank y u. 
On 19 Aug 2013, at 19:57, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
fun"? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133694

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133695.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Lzy ' 
~:
e
r 
EFTA01133695

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133696.pdf
----------------------------------------
SIP 
EFTA01133696

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133697.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133697

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133698.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133698

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133699.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 20 Aug 2013 01:50:44 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01133699
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133700

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133701.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 20 Aug 2013 01:51:16 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133701

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133702.pdf
----------------------------------------
\.. 
J/`
V
"
' 
- 
IS
k 
11.1 
• 
• 
" 
. 
il! 
• * 
. 
. 
* 
EFTA01133702

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133703.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 20 Aug 2013 01:52:19 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhon 
EFTA01133703

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133704.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 20 Aug 2013 01:53:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133704

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133705.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Inline-Images: 
Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Jefftey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Thu, 15 Aug 2013 02:26:54 +0000 
photo.JPG 
Scnt from my iPhone 
EFTA01133705

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133706.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
To: Jefftey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2013 03:06:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone
EFTA01133706

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133707.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Daphne Wallace 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Fwd: Photographs - August 14, 2013 
Thu, 15 Aug 2013 13:06:52 +0000 
Office_Pavilion_roofpainting.JPG; Master_suite_roofpainted.JPG; 
Greenhouse_flowers_and_herbs_(1).JPG; Greenhouse_flowers_and_herbs_(2).JPG; 
Greenhouse_flowers_and_herbs_(3).JPG; Greenhouse_flowers_and_herbs_(4).JPG; 
Hillside cleanup.JPG; Palm_trimming_(1).JPG; Palm_trimming_(2).JPG; 
Palm trimming_(3).JPG; Palm_trimming_(4).JPG; Palm_trimming_(5).JPG; 
Palm_trimming_(6).JPG; Palm_trimming_(7).JPG; Palm_trimming_(8).JPG; 
Palm_trimming_(9).JPG; Palm_trimming_(I 0).JPG; Woodshop_tunnel_gates_removed.JPG; 
Mechanical _ area_(1).JPG; Mechanical_area_(2).JPG 
Greetings Sir, 
August 14 photographs for your review and comments. Respectfully submitted, Daphne 
EFTA01133707

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133708.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133708

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133709.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133709

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133710.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133710

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133711.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133711

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133712.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133712

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133713.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133713

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133714.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133714

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133715.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133715

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133716.pdf
----------------------------------------
aocall;tSt 
- 
EFTA01133716

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133717.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133717

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133718.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133718

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133719.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133719

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133720.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133720

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133721.pdf
----------------------------------------
--",ali 
EFTA01133721

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133722.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133722

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133723.pdf
----------------------------------------
i
t
s
EFTA01133723

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133724.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133724

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133725.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133725

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133726.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133726

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133727.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133727

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133728.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karina Shuliak 
Subject: Photo from Aug 4, 2013 
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2013 15:31:45 ♦0000 
Inline-Images: 1MG_7886.jpg 
EFTA01133728

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133729.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133729

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133730.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133730

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133731.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133731

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133732.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133732

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133733.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kickstarter HQ • 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Projects We Love: Raise the Bar 
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2013 18:44:56 +0000 
> 
gt 
This week in Kickstarter 
There are only a few more days to stream the Kickstarter Film Fest online. 
Make some popcorn, grab some candy, and enjoy the show! 
Pmiarfc Wa I nut 
EFTA01133733
--- PAGE 2 ---
ielArvo Part's cult piece: 1st record ever in "just intonation" 
Arvo Part's cult piece: 1st record ever in "just intonation" 
By Challenge Records Int. 
When a renowned string trio collaborates with some of the best vocalists in the 
world, the results are nothing short of exhilarating. Such is the case with the 
Goeyvaerts String Trio, which is working with Vox Luminis to bring Arvo Part's 
"Stabar Mater" to a contemporary audience. 
EFTA01133734
--- PAGE 3 ---
Abramovic Institute: The Founders 
Marina Abramovic Institute: The Founders 
By Marina Abramovic Institute 
Opening a museum is no small feat. The artist Marina Abramovic knows this. 
Her performance piece The Artist is Present broke attendance records at 
MoMA. Now she is working to create a living, breathing museum for 
performance art, where attendees not only visit, but participate. This is your 
chance to become a part of 21st century art history. 
EFTA01133735
--- PAGE 4 ---
i;iNaima: Light in the Desert 
Naima: Light in the Desert 
By Debbie Long 
Art can come alive in the strangest of places. That's the premise of Debbie 
Long's installation Naima a light and glass installation inside an old trailer in 
the middle of the dessert. It's a beacon, a treasure for anyone curious enough 
to walk up to the trailer and wonder what's inside. 
Make a piano album. 
Or a piano made of bananas. 
Learn more about starting a project. 
Follow great projects. Discover new favorites. 
The Kickstarter app for iPhone, with personalized activity feeds. 
EFTA01133736
--- PAGE 5 ---
Don't want to keep getting our newsletter? That's okay, you can unsubscribe. 
Find us elsewhere: 
UL
 1;17 
Copyright 2013 Kickstarter Inc. 155 Rivington Street, New York, NY 10002 
iPhone is a registered trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. 
EFTA01133737

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133738.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133738

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133739.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
W 
EFTA01133739

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133740.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeanluc brunel 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2013 23:03:54 +0000 
Importance: normal 
Attachments: 20130815 122731.jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01133740

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133741.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
I 
Mho i mmellillailieliammuaranst 
ISIMISSINWEei sta•ieds-
440*-4104eic 
EFTA01133741

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133742.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeanluc brunel 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2013 23:05:35 +0000 
Importance: normal 
Attachments: 20130815 122805.jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01133742

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133743.pdf
----------------------------------------
UE,"2 V Nil 
loll liiqP 
nit 1r4) 
vt4 IIEN 
101911% P 
EFTA01133743

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133744.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeanluc brunel 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2013 23:04:27 +0000 
Importance: normal 
Attachments: 20130815 122750.jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01133744

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133745.pdf
----------------------------------------
t '
.
S ',iv.) 
EFTA01133745

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133746.pdf
----------------------------------------
WI VMS 
EFTA01133746

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133747.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Gmaz 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 28 Feb 2014 11:19:56 +0000 
Attachments: OrderConlpdf 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133747

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133748.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Pool Engineering 
Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2013 05:24:17 +0000 
Attachments: 935700_rp0l_mbr_Zorro_Ranch_Report_20130715.pdf; photo.JPG 
Jeffrey 
as requested 
Pool Engineering 
Attached Engineering and design options for your review. 
Water: 
Nov 1, 2013 
Zorro Ranch needs to achieve 17 afa of the 68 afa, we are at approx 13.5 afa as of date 
apart from a major system failure, this should be achieved. 
Pumps: 
Well 4 pumps (2) are off line due to pump damage from residual rocks in line between screen and pumps 
JCH have ordered new pump stack kits, cost $2140 plus tax, nothing was available locally 
Stack kits expected Monday 19th, pumps reinstalled Tuesday 20th 
Hauling water by water truck Main Cistern 
Dakota RO: 
requested 17th July new pump for Main sending pump for the Raw well water to RO 
Pump will not last much longer, running temp averages 172 degrees plus, see attached photo 
Rich requested more information as to age of pump when it was last repaired etc 
We had to go though 3 vendor files and request info from the general ledger 
I have yet to confirm all of this information 
cost for new pump $3200, lead time 3 weeks, 
Cisterns, I was advised to wait until we achieve the 17 afa mark before moving forward with 
planning/recommendations for new water storage to meet the 50% mark 
I believe we need to start conversations now. 
Audio
companies, western systems, listen up, paradise village have been approached for bids 
Scope of work: 
install, sony 4k projector, stewart screen, dvd, apple TV, simplified remote operation. 
I would expect bids later this week, beginning of next. 
Surge Protection 
Transient surge protectors are on all panels, if you wish to upgrade from this, then would suggest discussing 
possible solution with Morgan Royce on Monday? 
EFTA01133748
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cooling  Tower 
Work completed 
Router 
The replacement of the router is part of the Microwave Solution 
This includes lodge and Ranch Central 
Budgetary number Wednesday next week. 
Agree Scott needs to come out to fully understand the proposed link,service provision and network 
Gates 
JJ due Friday to complete, i will do a preliminary walk through proposed of work so he can provide tentative 
solutions Monday., ie Larry's, master Deck Leak 
Ion: 
We need to discuss this work and schedule 
Other Items to discuss 
Septic Adobe, $3500 estimated repair cost. 
Landscape Lighting Main House, need to review options 
Pinions front entrance 
Landscaping Lodge and Log 
Outdoor Carpet selection for Terraces 
Repair of Pool and Spa, $12,600 plus tax, does not include tile 
Kitchen Table electric 
Curtains, Sarah's office, Home theater 
Ranch Central Phone Internet 
Landscaping for next year company or Individual? 
Lodge deck Roof 
Roads and Culverts refurbishment 
Boundary and North Gate Fences, repair 
Cactus Removal 
Dogs, search for. 
Pers for Monday 
Aspen, JJ and Morgan Royce 
As discussed need to confirm Richard Boltz 
On Thu, Aug 15, 2013 at 12:55 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i want jj, royce, boltz, anyone who has work to do. and landscapers. today i would like a write up of water 
electric audio water tower, where we are. and issues like cisco router, surge protectors. pumps and filters 
and cisterns, 
On Thu, Aug 15, 2013 at 11:53 AM, Brice Gordon < 
wrote: 
EFTA01133749
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey 
is 3 pm monday for Morgan Royce to come to ranch and explain engineering solutions for pool area. 
Brice Cordon 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Bri
Gordon
ce 
EFTA01133750

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133751.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133751

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133752.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133752

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133753.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133753

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133754.pdf
----------------------------------------
,
.
.
,
,
:
m
s
s
'
EFTA01133754

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133755.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133755

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133756.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: AT&T Customer Care for Wireless czi 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: AT&T Automatic Data Plan Renewal Successful 
Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2013 13:56:05 +0000 
AT&T 
AT&T Automatic Data Plan Renewal Successful 
Dear Valued Customer, 
Account Login: jeevacation@gmaii.com 
Your auto-renew of 3GB for 30 days was successful. 
Your purchase amount was $30.00. If you paid by credit or debit 
card, this charge will appear on your statement as AT&T Data. 
Please retain this email as your receipt for use in expense reports, 
etc. 
REMINDER: Domestic iPad Plans - Domestic iPad Plans may be 
purchased with a data usage allotment measured in MBs or GBs, for 
a 30 day period utilizing a credit or debit card. The 30 day period 
begins to expire immediately upon purchase, whether or not you 
are using the service. If you purchase a Domestic iPad Plan with a 
data usage allotment and you use all of your allotment prior to the 
expiration of the 30 day period, your access to our Data Services 
will cease for the remainder of the 30 day period. If you want to 
continue using our Data Services during the remaining 30 day 
period, you will need to purchase an additional iPad Plan by going to 
Settings > Cellular Data on your iPad and selecting from available 
options. If you purchase an additional iPad Plan, the 30 day period, 
including the 30 day automatic renewal period, will change to the 
date and time you purchase the additional iPad Plan. Domestic iPad 
Plans include the U.S., Puerto Rico, and the US Virgin Islands. 
DOMESTIC iPAD PLANS WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW EVERY 30 
DAYS, AND YOU AUTHORIZE US TO CHARGE YOUR CREDIT OR 
DEBIT CARD FOR YOUR INITIAL AND ANY SUBSEQUENT iPAD PLAN, 
UNLESS YOU CANCEL THE AUTOMATIC RENEWAL OF YOUR 
SERVICE. TO CANCEL AUTOMATIC RENEWAL, GO TO SETTINGS > 
CELLULAR DATA ON YOUR IPAD AND SELECT CANCEL PRIOR TO 
YOUR NEXT SCHEDULED PAYMENT TO AVOID BEING CHARGED. IN 
ORDER TO PROCESS YOUR AUTOMATIC RENEWAL IN A TIMELY 
FASHION AND ENSURE YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICE, 
AT&T WILL CHARGE YOUR CREDIT CARD OR DEBIT CARD FOR THE 
AUTOMATIC RENEWAL APPROXIMATELY TWO HOURS BEFORE YOUR 
NEW iPAD PLAN 30 DAY PERIOD AUTOMATIC RENEWAL IS SET TO 
BEGIN. SHOULD YOU CANCEL AUTOMATIC RENEWAL AFTER WE 
HAVE CHARGED YOUR CARD BUT BEFORE THE AUTOMATIC 
RENEWAL PERIOD IS SET TO BEGIN (E.G. WE CHARGED YOUR 
CREDIT CARD FOR THE RENEWAL AT 7 AM ET FOR A 9 AM ET AUTO 
RENEWAL AND YOU NOTIFIED US TO CANCEL THE AUTOMATIC 
RENEWAL AT 8 AM Er), PLEASE CONTACT AT&T CUSTOMER 
SERVICE TO PROCESS A CREDIT FOR THE AUTOMATIC RENEWAL. 
The terms for the AT&T 3G Data Plan for iPad'" have been revised. 
For updated terms, please see 
and click 
EFTA01133756
--- PAGE 2 ---
on Session Based Wireless Data Services Agreement. Your 
continued use of the AT&T 3G Data Plan for iPad constitutes your 
acceptance of the revised terms. 
Thank You, 
AT&T 
PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE 
All replies are automatically deleted. For account management, please go to Settings on your iPad or 
©2013 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the AT&T logo and all other AT&T marks 
contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other 
marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. 
Privacy Policy 
xuSG_C179EH 
EFTA01133757

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133758.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Bloomingdales 
Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2013 16:59:39 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo_4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133758
--- PAGE 2 ---
A LL 
EFTA01133759
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133760
--- PAGE 4 ---
Hudson Pc 
Dinnerware 
Exclusively at Eloomi 
and servesvore from 
L;ii H ier Plate 
Salad Plate 
Cereal Bowl 
Mug 
Section Server 
Section Server 
Large Vegetable 
Appetizer Plate 
Chip and Dip 
Espresso 
Dinner Bowl 
19" Handled Platte 
Large Oval Serve E 
'a Oval Platter 
Pasta Serve Bowl 
EFTA01133761
--- PAGE 5 ---
=MIDI Emu 
air 
EFTA01133762
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01133763

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133764.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133764

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133765.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Zorro Landscaping 
Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2013 20:05:27 +0000 
Attachments: Bowl_Gardenjpeg; Bowl_Garden.JPG; Back_Parking:Mech_Building.jpeg; 
Back Parkingl .JPG; Mech_BuildingLJPG; Mech_Building2.JPG; Front_Entrancejpeg; 
Front:Entrancel.JPG; Chess_Garden I .JPG; Chess_Garden2.JPG; 
Chess_Fountain_Garden.jpeg 
Jeffrey 
attached proposed plant material selections. 
basically photo of area with suggested plant material 
most plants are native to area or deer resistant 
do you approve of suggested plant material. 
Brice Cordon 
EFTA01133765

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133766.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
J Csaillarcita eranciiura .Artzona sun' 
4, Gaillardia •AtIZGla Apnea itaiZIN,3 
-*nap. Rlankel rievare+ ♦ 
4. N. FT 
in/WIWI flu 
/ 
Sedum •AUtu Me Fire 
(Autwan Fire StonecrOP) 
a' ' 
EFTA01133766

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133767.pdf
----------------------------------------
ik,Stets'r 
• 
• 
r ' 
nlvitak. .14 
•,•,„ 
• 
•I .43". l• 
t 
#1-
:tio.i4tta...-!)411
• 
-.it to; 
iy 
ige • 
••••-• ••• 
' 
• :.**Itt;I: 
• 
.0 
.1;
• , 
;' • 
• I 
ti 
." ' -410 
IrEZ4-;••• I: ',•* 
'41 ''• :1J.41;Sz1/4 ;'' 
."±, Ct.; LitA 
'•v ii•t<IP.. 
4f-ti, • •
\ • 
• •), 4 ' 
• • • 
7/C• 
it
`4 
•\r. 
tv\t!1` 
‘k 
11\ 
h eft ; 
1?\‘?•
ht
„
1t6' 
• 
NA.4,‘,3",••;,%•.,4•.*.‘1""), .1 • 
ic • 
• •U 
1i4i~u: as 
•,?„..1**4• 
IA 
../ - 
;IV 
/ 
CA 
. 
• 
,.. 
."N 
' •.< 
, , 
‘ %, 
N, • 
„ a 
•• •
h • 
•ir is,. pillek,114 
I,Ncis,l • • 
%‘*"1;;II ‘• .•"•' 
'''''‘ 
3.. I1/4. • 't‘ 
!,,k:: 
••••••24'.* '.- I "-,
, Iv 4 
 .c, , )4,„r4,, is 
• 
,..4, .• 
\o".•••..t.: :,:t:Nit.'..
?, ...1 i,:s•il,a4
'.. : 1, -' t‘i•E' '...:.. ``',..''' ,.. . a ' 
-. 
EFTA01133767

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133768.pdf
----------------------------------------
Buddleia duty:Aqui,. mys skrt4-€ Bottztil Fiv:G\ 
rfri 
EFTA01133768

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133769.pdf
----------------------------------------
„yr — 
dare" 
_ 
::•••-- 
• . -- 
.
-
-
_
•
'
_
-
.
-
•
•
'
-
-
-
-
-
a
s
e
-
e
t
-
-
.
-
. 
_
- 
-
-
-
, 
•
•
" 
' 
....... 
• 
-• 
a --•• 
a 
...• „ 
• 
. 
. 
.. 
_ 
..-
-• 
- 
. 
„ ..a 
a. 
.... 
• 
a 
- l . „/ • .1 
. : :: • .1 J
.: 
- • .....7 - • • d d 
.... 
... 
I 
• 
a 
. 
, 
-2, 
....S
ri
• 
. 
.... 
.....• 
. 
. 
. 
a 
- 
• 
.-- 
.....a d
• 
i 
-sr ,  
- 
a 
' 
-a re  
i 
. 
-." ....... 
. 
. 
.... 
a.
...... 
''' 
- 
- 
.. 
,-...
.. 
...„...• 
...- 
_..... 
...' 
- 
• 
.. 
•••• 
- 
a 
. 
-. 
- 
• 
l y.
i ...
/ 
.. 
.o.. 
... 
: I 
. 
:).. 
. 
:-• , 
• .. 
-, 
• 
• 
a 
• 
•-•-' 
- 
i d 
•-... 
a
. 
ti ....•
• 
. 
-/ 
' 
........• 
.
...- 
.• 
a 
- 
a-. 
. 
---s:  
_,....---••• 
"•••• 
........7 
- 
.... 
a 
-.• 
a 
......a 
. 
_•••• 
"" 
-..,•-/
• 
. 
a 
. 
. 
. . 
a 
-I 
aa 
....' 
' 
; 
... .. a 
- 
a 
• 
t 
......- 
• 
•••., 
•••• 
VO-re-.1.1;:c • 
. 
r e
le" 
• 
- 
_ 
- 
a 
aa 
a 
a 
, 
• `4*. 
;astioddVZ/C.V.Z./....14.7.00FZ/W7Z-Z.Z.V7/4".Z.."
.V.V..04224.,X•04:7/2..././..Z./1/47..77". 
a 
...Sr 
v" 
I F  
a 
a 
..1 
-.. 
. 
: 
a 
..• 
--.„ 
.....• 
. 
a 
r` 
... 7
--
a 
.....,•• 
....• 
-.... 
-a. 
-
....... 
, 
....; 
a 
-a 
r'
ma, , 
▪ 
) 
' 
a.:* 
,
• 
• 
• 
...▪ fie • 
al 
•
• 
— 
. 
. 
a 
. 
,
oar 
. 
-• 
- 
.4 
• 
, 
, 
„O. 
t...-...„ :. 
4" 
.-. .7" 
- 
... 
a 
. 
••• 
l• 
a 
- 
• 
. 
. 
-ma ..... 
a 
St% 
.6- 
• 
, 
S•..., ,
. 
• 
.. 
I 0" 
.I. 
e  
-.. 
. 
S 
•• 
- 
a 
-.4 
• 
' 
.' 
th 
% 
'P. 
.... a 
a 
i 
• 
•••• 
a 
. 
. 
str a  
• 
416. 
-
2,  
r
-
... 
•_. 
e  .• 7)
 .<„ 
I. 
•••• 
• 
..4.  
`.-.. 
.. 
. . 4
ilk 
...• .„:11. 
esa 
%IL..., 
• 
. 
a 
• 
/ 
FP 
a 
--
a 
.• 
• k 
• 
. - • 
ti
• 
EFTA01133769

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133770.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
aSon... 
-a 
a 
a 
a 
a 
EFTA01133770

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133771.pdf
----------------------------------------
IL • 
• A..., . 
. • , • • 
. 
.., 
.... 3... 
-••• ..... 
e 
• • t et 
": • 
. •:. 
- 
...., 
, 
* Aka"... ._ 
' 4 
-.‘• 
' 
" 
EFTA01133771

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133772.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sedum 'Aiiturre, Fore 
titcsletrCedl 
Buddleia 
eiconng aitteitY awn: it 
r \ 
x- 4 
EFTA01133772

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133773.pdf
----------------------------------------
. - 
. 
-; 
••••-
• 
. 
r. 
r 
• •st • * ip 
' 
•• 
•••• 
42E • 
f. -eta. 
- • 
. 
L•--` 
r 
>i•{4*-7,P:.+
)4. - 
isms ••% 2";:
-.. 1.,.. /. .•-• 
•-• .7" 
-•„ 
"; 
r
r.• ; 
• 
`a 
,..o. -. 
, - , a:4-st
."
-
5.
 :C r.  41 
-• - 1%. ......_ 
- ' ^ • 
IP • 
 •`• 
.9.:, 
• 
, 
' r ‘j,  Jir. 
.. 
•• ' A?: --:... - Mrdir::-  'Att.'s: - 
 -.. '  ro.
 - : - :-.--_,F ...--• ..... 
, - 
.7 .0.. 
,rit..;::: . ',. .5 ,-4 ; J.*, .4.4‘,C.7-",..r..4,:s t -- -- - - 7.o:7;C a -: ..... -' - 
,:',.,[47 
,,_ 4....• ..., , "
le. --...... ig.g. s' C ,‘ 7.....6 ....t.- 
i - e.,. - ; 47 7 
w. 
., --....,•• ;.-- 
-", ••• 
'''' sit ?.- %la - ..• ' -.'•' •*. •• 
-.., '''' 
-
^ 
q't
 i" 
*. --• 
••••••.... 
" 
- 
••• • 
- 
 — • 
• - - 
• 
- 
- 
- 
a-
• r 
W4,7 
we  a. sip 
• 
, 
".• 
. 
..^...- 
;2"11". ..- ' 4... 
- ... 
' --. - " - • r..!‘ 
. 
. 
'.. a: ' 
. 
-.3c:••• ' "".....„' ..• a.' ..," ... )."' .,"lt - . - ' • . ' ... 
„, 
..,„, 
_ ... 
-'''..?"...". -• •;-...• 
. • -.....,Z, .z. .r:. ... . 
'S.  - -
• . 
. 
' c: • . 
...-
EFTA01133773

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133774.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
•••••••• 
EFTA01133774

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133775.pdf
----------------------------------------
111
•••••••• 
EFTA01133775

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133776.pdf
----------------------------------------
Buddla ant-Winks (Salim eloomblit Butt a' WO) N- 
SLY`'! 
EFTA01133776

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133777.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: LV Landscaping 
Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2013 20:10:29 +0000 
Attachments: LV_Landscape_1.jpeg; LV_Landscape.jpeg; LV1.,TPG; LV2.JPG; LV3.JPG 
Jeffrey 
attached proposed plant material for Larry's 
it would planted in mass with taller to the back, to ground covers in the front of beds 
cotton woods and pinion are not included, but will be on estimate when finalized. 
again most plant material is native and deer resistant 
do you approve of suggested plant material. 
Brice Cordon 
EFTA01133777

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133778.pdf
----------------------------------------
allainaesw 
one )Uoar vow awe nal)* • 'MK 
guttly one at my favoene wd4aowr:". Gm gar 
,we Its profuse true blue flowers match flirt 
EFTA01133778

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133779.pdf
----------------------------------------
Buddleia alrem0alu ISCrint: 
ilterlh' &rail 
•fr r 
-7;r 
.:7•7" 
0"* .  
j itt 
A 
1."" 
 f'toessiergt 
olo 
e dr. 41.-
Gaillardia lecona Rama' (krona 
orr.ot IllarArt Roe) I 
lik 
DJ Achillea voonshine moonshine Yarrow) * • le it 
NV recommend htoonshine'.ac one of ihe best *tidal pe:enn=1-. 
cunrruly available. It can be used in both xerlc and non,xero, :wren 
awl bonlers. The domain! sdreitay foliaRe is a line he:LiftIli 101 
the lenirm yellow limber clusters dui keep corning all .uninier. 
IR. X ' 4* *AP I ZOlit"4 3 9 12 Put Sinn l tow fm . 
Sot 
Gaillardia ranch/lord Ancona star 
lEtanket Powerlt - mkt NE 
-I; EXCLUSIVE! Pei :Union andokis Tan crane Paa. 
Mil Orange MIN eciaiear (fearctiongue)11 
fit 
CSIOCIVPI 
marl. ert, 
EFTA01133779

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133780.pdf
----------------------------------------
^ 
••e• IA 
• 
.71•1•Pr'W 
.,t4sen:„....c,,
.1i 
I
ts 
tr 
erNi*;:, .
 ti
AC' 14 
di, 
\ It
:r•ritc 
r1,•.: 1 7a
skt
* 
• 
EFTA01133780

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133781.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133781

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133782.pdf
----------------------------------------
.1t‘ 
hiP ‘Itt 
i-e447,1/4 . 
'C • 
are:f; 
- •-• 
'pee. 
."35A-a
--  . -z`. I: to f- -: - • : t-t- :,- nri: .^C 444,.,‘".. 
- 
, 
.1.. . .. 
•ir 
. 
. 
... 
_ 
_ --: tr. 
• 
--ft.2-t ir " illr
.11:fr 4 - 
-t- - • - 
In tur 
... - -.1 .
 5. 
a ... 4. ..4:- • • • • .•"•-•It 
• 
.. 
- - ---
• 4 , .,...t..-/:-*1(.4k..<2. 
otc
, 
• 
Jn
• 
• 
•v" 
- • 
• • 
.7 • 
. 
• '. 
t• 
• 
• 
•
EFTA01133782

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133783.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon <
IIII 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: Rich Kahn .ct
, Lany Visoski < 
Subject: Movie Room 
Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2013 21:42:40 +0000 
Attachments: WS - Zorro Home_Theatre.docx; Paradise_Village_HT_Quote.doc; 
Zonr  
—
oRancIT Theater_Updates 2013.xls 
Jeffrey 
attached proposal for the upgrade of the movie room at Zorro for your consideration 
Western systems are yet to get screen pricing, will forward early next week. 
please advise if you require further info. 
regards 
Brice Gordon 
EFTA01133783

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133784.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133784

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133785.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133785

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133786.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133786

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133787.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133787

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133788.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133788

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133789.pdf
----------------------------------------
~: 
EFTA01133789

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133790.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133790

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133791.pdf
----------------------------------------
• -*CZ" 
•*. 
•416 
V.,n
r
.A•2•:11 
• 
• 
4...4:"Yr.U.Nar Nec•••
g7 C-", 4
.117"
S
a
tte.; 1%L's 
EFTA01133791

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133792.pdf
----------------------------------------
$it1 
r
t~i~S ,bS 
EFTA01133792

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133793.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133793

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133794.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133794

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133795.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133795

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133796.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133796

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133797.pdf
----------------------------------------
c:-;t 
EFTA01133797

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133798.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133798

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133799.pdf
----------------------------------------
,100•L7e,r-
EFTA01133799

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133800.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133800

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133801.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133801

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133802.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133802

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133803.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133803

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133804.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133804

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133805.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133805

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133806.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133806

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133807.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
EFTA01133807

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133808.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133808

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133809.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133809

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133810.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133810

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133811.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133811

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133812.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133812

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133813.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
EFTA01133813

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133814.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133814

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133815.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133815

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133816.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133816

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133817.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133817

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133818.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
~~y 
EFTA01133818

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133819.pdf
----------------------------------------
010 
EFTA01133819

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133820.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133820.pdf
----------------------------------------
„ 
EFTA01133820

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133821.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133821

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133822.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133822

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133823.pdf
----------------------------------------
Il 
EFTA01133823

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133824.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133824

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133825.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133825

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133826.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133826

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133827.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133827

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133828.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133828

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133829.pdf
----------------------------------------
W
it 
aN
itegr
isrL• 
EFTA01133829

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133830.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133830

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133831.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133831

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133832.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133832

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133833.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133833

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133834.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133834

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133835.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nadia <MIMIll
> 
To: Jeff Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2013 21:11:28 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
What happened? We talked about the fact that the name showing up is problematic.. I thought you said you 
would do multiple transactions and from any other account than that. 
EFTA01133835

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133836.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeanluc brunel 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Office 
Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2013 23:11:35 +0000 
Importance: normal 
Attachments: 20130815 123327.jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01133836

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133837.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133837

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133838.pdf
----------------------------------------
New email 
kJ.) 
L. 
12pt B I 
Hi 
Thank you so much to have ordered 
the apartment to be painted 
The living room is fresh again,
Lets hope that freshness will be 
contan.
SD EG 
OP 
ZXCV 
BNM 
EFTA01133838

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133839.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: checking in 
Date: Sat, 17 Aug 2013 22:31:21 +0000 
Attachments: How_Do_I_Take_Laminine.doc 
Hello wonderful man! 
It was s0000 good to see you when I was in NY. Thank you for being so sweet with 
What results are you noticing on the Laminine? Please let me know. 
I am including the protocol sheet again, so that you can have some 
lovely lady
 it to you as she works on your feet and you can make sure you are still taking it properly.:)) 
Love, 
EFTA01133839

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133840.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 17 Aug 2013 23:44:33 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133840

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133841.pdf
----------------------------------------
eatiktv" 
EFTA01133841

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133842.pdf
----------------------------------------
dot 
'j t dia 
Ar-cdt./1
EFTA01133842

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133843.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133843

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133844.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133844

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133845.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133845

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133846.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
• :,41r • 
• 
• . 
fit; •s• 
eited. 
• 
• 
CAVi 
- 
As 
• 
EFTA01133846

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133847.pdf
----------------------------------------
,rft 
r. 
EFTA01133847

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133848.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133848

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133849.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ail
EFTA01133849

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133850.pdf
----------------------------------------
rk 
t1;
139 re 
EFTA01133850

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133851.pdf
----------------------------------------
6,p a  fee!. it•Cf-et
al
EFTA01133851

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133852.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133852

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133853.pdf
----------------------------------------
:, 
EFTA01133853

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133854.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133854

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133855.pdf
----------------------------------------
P. 
l 
EFTA01133855

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133856.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Dakota RO 
Date: Sun, 18 Aug 2013 13:40:44 +0000 
Attachments: Dakota_RO_Manifolds.pdf; photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo_4.JPG 
Jeffrey 
attached estimate to replace Stainless Steel Manifolds on Dakota RO, $1580.00 plus Tax 
Pic's showing condition of existing manifolds 
This very specialized fabrication work, price includes install of new Manifolds 
can we proceed. 
Brice 
rd n 
EFTA01133856

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133857.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133857

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133858.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133858

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133859.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133859

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133860.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01133860

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133861.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "zgregoorva ." 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 Aug 2013 15:03:07 +0000 
Attachments: photojpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2)jpg; photo(3).jpg; photo(4).jpg; photo(5).jpg; photo(6)jpg 
On Sunday, August 18, 2013, zgregoorva . wrote: 
No, not really. I have one girl staying w me for a month. She is 26. Slovakian but not a model. She is cute. Had 
more then 30 guys.. :)) but she likes black... Anyway she studies graphic design in london for 5 years and got 4 
months visa in US to look for a job. So soon she realized its almost impossible to find a job when ur employer 
has to sponsor ur new visa. So she could possibly be a candidate but im not sure... 
On Sunday, August 18, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
Ill wait, 
any asssistna ideas? 
On Sun, Aug 18, 2013 at 5:56 AM, zgregoorva . lIMMIa> 
wrote: 
Ill be working in LA during that time. Then London. III be back on 29th 
On Sunday, August 18, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
ill be back fri and sat 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01133861
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133862

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133863.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133863

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133864.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133864

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133865.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133865

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133866.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01133866

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133867.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133867

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133868.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133868

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133869.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133869

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133870.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133870

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133871.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133871

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133872.pdf
----------------------------------------
ell
EFTA01133872

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133873.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133873

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133874.pdf
----------------------------------------
;.' S.
. 
er 
\ vwa 
•
-
• 
ip... 
:W e  • 
st, 
::fi r-4.1"7  
r • 
; 
4if -I mos, Astc: • '41.. 
t 
' 1' 414 
4 23" ;t4C.. 
a  • 1:--r4';-thitt,l 
EFTA01133874

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133875.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
EFTA01133875

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133876.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133876

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133877.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133877

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133878.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133878

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133879.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133879

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133880.pdf
----------------------------------------
It 
as,----------
if 
I
P
z 
Noels s w as 1 
EFTA01133880

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133881.pdf
----------------------------------------
um 
mini 
MIMS 
MIN 
MI 
MS 
MO 
MO 
OM 
asa 
EFTA01133881

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133882.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133882

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133883.pdf
----------------------------------------
_,____,.___,_..•••• 
EFTA01133883

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133884.pdf
----------------------------------------
•••••••••.•• 
•
AIM 
► • 
• 
• 
I 
4i law IP IP 
11,
000000ipowee 
•••••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
416 
• 
• 
• 
0.• 
•-• 
I". 
er 
POP 
ea 
- 
N-1 4k 
EFTA01133884

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133885.pdf
----------------------------------------
MI 
a 
EFTA01133885

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133886.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01133886

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133887.pdf
----------------------------------------
Copper
Stainless Steel 
lhass 
Aluminum 
EFTA01133887

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133888.pdf
----------------------------------------
t, 
EFTA01133888

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133889.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133889

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133890.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133890

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133891.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 19:07:03 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133891

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133892.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133892

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133893.pdf
----------------------------------------
-
EFTA01133893

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133894.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com:-
Subject: aspen landscaping 
Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 20:08:22 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313081915220.pdf 
Karen had submitted Aspen final check request on August 7th in the amount of 17,438.42 which i have not 
released 
Aspen Total Job: 75,000.00 
Paid to Date: 
57,561.58 
Unpaid amount: 17,438.42 
Brice states that although Cypress & Junipers were not planted other areas were added such as library beds 4,517 
(see attached) 
Brice paperwork states that Aspen revised cost actually increased to 78,595.23 but only billed 75,000 original 
amount 
Please note that the original 75,000 price included gross receipts tax 
Please advise 
Richard Kahn 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: August 19, 
To: 
Subject: Kflessa 
Reply-To: 
2013 3:23:36 PM EDT 
e from I
m
i
VIEIT C253 
EFTA01133894

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133895.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133895

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133896.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133896

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133897.pdf
----------------------------------------
J 
i 
EFTA01133897

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133898.pdf
----------------------------------------
;
EFTA01133898

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133899.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133899

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133900.pdf
----------------------------------------
I
I
EFTA01133900

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133901.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133901

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133902.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133902

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133903.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Ro liot
a 
Rich Kahn <richardkahn12@gmail.com>, 
Subject: Photographs - August 19, 2013 
Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 21:37:53 +0000 
Attachments: Irrigation_(1).JPG; Irrigation_(2).JPG; Irrigation_(3).JPG; Palm_trimming_(1).JPG; 
Palm_trimming_(2).JPG; Palm_trimming_(3).JPG; Palm_trimming_(4).JPG; 
Palm_trimming_(5).JPG; Palm_trimming_(6).JPG; Palm_trimming_(7).JPG; 
Palm trimming_(8).JPG; Palm_trimming_(9).JPG; Palm_trimming_(10).JPG; 
Gym_roofpainting_(1).JPG; Gym_roofpainting_(2).JPG; Gyrn_roof_painting_(3).JPG; 
Woodshop_tunnel_gate_(1).JPG; Woodshop_tunnel.gate_(2).JPG; 
Woodshop_tunnel_gate_(3).JPG; Woodshop_tunnelgate_(4).JPG; 
Woodshop_tunnel_gate_(5).JPG; Woodshop_tunnelgate_(6).JPG 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
August 19 photographs for your review and comments: 
Irrigation installation in progress 
Palm trimming in progress 
Gym roof painting in progress 
Woodshop tunnel gates columns and gates in progress 
Respectfully submitted, 
Daphne 
EFTA01133903

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133904.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01133904

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133905.pdf
----------------------------------------
il 
-0. 
EFTA01133905

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133906.pdf
----------------------------------------
a
EFTA01133906

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133907.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133907

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133908.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133908

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133909.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133909

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133910.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133910

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133911.pdf
----------------------------------------
.1 
EFTA01133911

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133912.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133912

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133913.pdf
----------------------------------------
f 
:~ 
EFTA01133913

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133914.pdf
----------------------------------------
` • 
tie 
EFTA01133914

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133915.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133915

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133916.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133916

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133917.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133917

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133918.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133918

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133919.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133919

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133920.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133920

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133921.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133921

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133922.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133922

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133923.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133923

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133924.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133924

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133925.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
EFTA01133925

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133926.pdf
----------------------------------------
- Christy Turlington Burns 
Model. Maternal Health Advocate 
and Founder of Every Mother Counts 
EVERY 
MOTHER 
COUNTS • 
Hundre,„ 
(.., how to get involved, visit everymothercounts.org. 
imications i 11 
Dreg n , ': of thousands of girls and women around the world die every year from codmcpo 
`-clivin Klein 
munities. 
Nip 
or childbirth, creating a rippling effect that devastates children, families, a..n 
more 
Calvin Klein, Inc. is proud to support Every Mother Counts. 
or learn 
t
utY P 
ent of these deaths are preventable — with your help. To make a donation 
EFTA01133926

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133927.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fiona Williams 
Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2013 18:38:51 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313081313510.pdf 
I met with Fiona Williams this morning. She was very pleasant and seemed to be very knowledgeable. 
I explained the work scope to her that you were looking for a higher level of service at 71st street. Fiona would 
like to spend two days to walk thru the property and spend time speaking with 
I
derstand their roles. It thought it may also be helpful for her to speak with some of your assistants: 
ll 
and 
to understand their roles and responsibilities in the house. 
lona thought it would take her two full days in the house which will include a written report of her findings and 
recommendations. Her cost is $1600 per day / $3,200 for two days work and report. 
I need to check if a 25% placement fee to 
would be applicable on consulting work. 
I would have her sign a confidentialty agreement if you choose to proceed with this job. 
Fiona was able to rearrange her schedule and can work this Thursday and Friday and prepare her report over the 
weekend for delivery on Monday. 
Please advise. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: August 13, 2013 1:52:08 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01133927

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133928.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 07 Aug 2013 13:47:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133928
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133929
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133930
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01133931
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01133932
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01133933

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133934.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 07 Aug 2013 13:48:38 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01133934
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01133935
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01133936

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133937.pdf
----------------------------------------
ibertabimostmoadiaki, 
Heavy 
• a 
evOit 
iipr
e 
,• 
• , 
, 
• 
t-1 
N\61.:41; 
its's* 
nwea-r-' 
4-141.
•*. tde *fro op 
an' +..-..aw 
4-1.• the, • 
4•• • or b• rear,...**04 ^N. b. 
0..4, 414 OA • 
1.."‘P  
I I  4 • ie .  
a re. ' lir••••t 
nr.".........apip""Arg 
&AN :017e Aran* 
I 0-14.- la 
um bd. 
st-ryillly 
(Ili o' 
^4 ip*It *hoehme.141(*. MO • pet.,,pmiliessastisho, 
set 
abN, 
„oft
's iriere 
• 4 
"Pdh
',Naos 40*,‘ 
N•s, 
" 
;St 
•51,
--"Y" • ‘-•• 
•II At 
• v.- • 
So hi 
t
i. .• 
,.. , 
t ik„ 
i 
,„ • 
t 
• 
e. 
-.L• 
.. 
• , 4,4 .., 
:E
nt 
t 
beliNtil 
• • 
**I. 
'rn •II 
. C
“.-s, 
• -re:.4-4, 
- nr ...neste44-.46,446,, 4.04,441„, 
• 
wow; It* 
tnat'itt, 
1;a.. 
ga;
b
reit  7.
4."i
ot 
:V 
• 
.r..4 
Ply' • •14/4. 
9-
* 
• 
vo• 
p 
' • 1 
V 
40,..4‘0"100.04,0•4
4fishir 44s'40,‘  44=4 
i w+Ijit•;- 4 
r "fie Ira 4,‘% 1.4800Weg 1.0444044.1 
= 
* 
• 
l 
' • 
• 
is , I  
• 
• 
• 
••• 
I 
• 
' 
16;" -- " 
• 
.•-fr • 1*.tt 
*PI" 
t e
;i
r• 
" 
g
;40"
iii
i:1"
.0 
4. 
- 
3".:1"41;46' 
%sr..; :4,3 • it 
uis tits 
espy/  . *Artie 
e algire n otaattnee440" rielbAlt 10101106%, 
taw, qs,-4,404. 4 0 *  It 
b lil14.46.0 
Ob 
, 
'•‘•••••••• 
- 
•••••••••• .1 t
r
Yalt".1
0.
1Iten••••-•••‘..- 
• 
•••11.% 
• •••• 
Ili 
.4, .406% •••• ...Q. ••••• 
,'• , A. ...woe • 
• ....-7
,  'IP 
IS • 
To- .11 lis . ..... •,,.. ..,, . 
,...4% , e 
a 
.441/4 
I'd  it i se • st 
'... , • *dr"' 
err ink ogliklif" +st 
it 
.f 
i 
. 
t
ilill)  
.."' e '', 
*•^'^-C 
4:4, -•••••,.... t, , a... 
ix
4:=.4/01
0::PA 
atma 
- 
• 
14: 
. 
• n 
, 
ti 
‘ 
ear'.
irreare
i 
. •-• 4 ill• 1. -•,: 
?4,..140; 
e, 
or 
. 
, ilt 
* P. 
... 
•r
...frit
. 
Or 'P'-'s• 
. 
* 
• 
a 
..• 
..r
••
• 
ta
. 
: 
• if.4. 
L
i ? 
• , •- 
taffe, 
.
Pr . 
. 4  
ft 
' 1.  .•• 4 
a 
of . 
14.
. 
• 
• 
o 
.., 
"ill•
t aN I•Solint
t •t di
4 1dral 
flit 
••• #, 
.., 
„ 
4.• ..9 ft' A 
• 
• a 
• 
#)".4 '4 91 Al • •,,, • ISO • • .4 
• 
•Saso
...
•••...40,p„,,.. 
fr
tb
.  '4' 
• . 
• 
shilk (>
1. o' • 
t4
" 
* 
e t 4.-aacealt,.." -- • * - ... . -,.,,•,. 
• • r 
•
'II • -0  i 
A -a • 
• 
, 
• 
, 
*tr.. in 9 r a ska • op t  al* 
fret 
C 
Ili "t ei; 9.11:041 1110
% I 
)40 ) 1 1.
-  ta.,R. 
II; 
i 
411: 1 
I  • 
. 
$ fat *4 ..... I  I  '‘... 
'
I' 
.. a : 
Iii. i
: 
Millia:
A 
• , lt
rt 
a m, 
t
alks;
 s
, 
'41
fr. 
4,a.. • • 
• 1 • •• ,. t , 
4, 
a : , ,; ., : t i  •,,, . 4.. Po Mips 
ts 
VI. 
*VI •• A. . Varga 
.r. 
• 
i la? '• `?•••4•500•It s 4 ‘ 14.6,,,,
 "Ilik • 
 WII• tt . 
.41k, %lrbwa -A4t• 
10..
:;$4
4glit. t r: 
, ,. • 
• 
• 
• 
46, `lb ,... - •
r 
• I., 
• 
r• i
IV 
• 
• 
......, 
• 
-  
• 
b 
* 
. 
a 
vdilit0 
e rs
,c4
3: 7
4t
i
t
ur
e
i t
i
wesito
)*
** 
t 
t 
- 
iv 
0, 
a n
il  
% 
• 
lit 
of riq
h; 
ti
t 
- 
a t . • • 
% 
• 
• ••:4
4trjoik
i m p44 
Am_ 
M 
4
.
Nt fiA
lleall
k lba 
tki.ti* "•••' 
P 
* „, 
t
Ir• 
. 
. l 
. 
IP 
it • 
.0
t 
i 
ei 
A 
A Of it 
4* 
i*. 
t 
w 
••
. 
•A 
.0 
* 4 ,, . 
' :• • 
$ 
• f ' ;ea, r „„ Tistig 44.40114` .6 i  tit 
• Aril,. p 44
 •.. 
ilt 
.. 
i 
"IF 
i  ir * 
• .. -A f  • 
# ..4 ., 
,o- • 
p 
AIL 
. 
A • 
, 00 
. .4? e, i
t ; i  :‘ 
It 
A 
i I..• 
IP, 
EFTA01133937

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133938.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133938

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133939.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133939

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133940.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133940

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133941.pdf
----------------------------------------
•,-"V- es) 
„ 
. 
EFTA01133941

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133942.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133942

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133943.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133943

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133944.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133944

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133945.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133945

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133946.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133946

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133947.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133947

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133948.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133948

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133949.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133949

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133950.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133950

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133951.pdf
----------------------------------------
T 
EFTA01133951

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133952.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133952

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133953.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133953

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133954.pdf
----------------------------------------
,-
EFTA01133954

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133955.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133955

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133956.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133956

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133957.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133957

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133958.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133958

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133959.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133959

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133960.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133960

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133961.pdf
----------------------------------------
l 
EFTA01133961

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133962.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133962

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133963.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133963

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133964.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133964

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133965.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133965

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133966.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133966

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133967.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133967

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133968.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133968

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133969.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133969

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133970.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN: 
EFTA01133970

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133971.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133971

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133972.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133972

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133973.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133973

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133974.pdf
----------------------------------------
F 
EFTA01133974

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133975.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133975

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133976.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133976

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133977.pdf
----------------------------------------
I. 
EFTA01133977

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133978.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133978

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133979.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133979

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133980.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133980

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133981.pdf
----------------------------------------
=MO 
EFTA01133981

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133982.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133982

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133983.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133983

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133984.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133984

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133985.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133985

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133986.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ Ar. 
EFTA01133986

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133987.pdf
----------------------------------------
I t 
EFTA01133987

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133988.pdf
----------------------------------------
tr. 
EFTA01133988

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133989.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133989

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133990.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Steve Hanson 
Subject: <no subject> 
Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2013 05:29:42 +0000 
Inline-Images: Ht6yar4ROwFDcLBZ7MElpxTRgTWgYAh_zY_qxOFwl2k,rwK8C_OKM8n4I6ZJr7-
vgGWuv6NeldsCqbKH9mVcyr8.png 
EFTA01133990

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133991.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133991

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133992.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ark 77.'.
4.1 
---1 
APO'S-
IC' 
NO, 
"4 
, 
 
EFTA01133992

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133993.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133993

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133994.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133994

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133995.pdf
----------------------------------------
r, 
44,406r,:, 
EFTA01133995

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133996.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133996

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133997.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01133997

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133998.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2013 14:19:33 +0000 
Attachments: Hold_Harmless_Agreement_with_BG_-_7-31-13(1).docz 
print please 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01133998

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01133999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01133999.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mayor Philip Levine
To: jeevacationggrnail.com 
Subject: Recent Causeway Closures 
Date: Fri, 28 Feb 2014 16:05:23 +0000 
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here 
Dear Friends and Neighbors: 
This past week, tragic traffic accidents occurred on the MacArthur and Julia Tuttle 
Causeways during two separate incidents. The resulting road closures wreaked bottleneck 
EFTA01133999
--- PAGE 2 ---
traffic on our island, leaving many residents at a standstill for hours. My thoughts and 
prayers go out to the accident victims and their families. 
I have received numerous emails from residents concerning the traffic and its impact and 
want to provide you with updates on several of the initiatives that we are working on: 
• The Office of Emergency Management, in conjunction with the Transportation 
Division of Public Works, the Police Department, and the Fire Department, is 
implementing a system of traffic cameras that will serve to alert areas of concern to 
command staff, who could then mobilize quickly to manually operate traffic signals 
and implement detours to get traffic moving as efficiently as possible. 
• The City has met with and will coordinate more regularly scheduled meetings with 
the Florida Department of Transportation to identify and implement emergency 
measures when the necessity arises. I believe that all options should be on the 
table. 
• We will continue to work with County government to coordinate waiving tolls on the 
Venetian Causeway when these emergency situations arise. 
• Proper implementation of the Open Roads Policy: this agreement by and between 
the Florida Highway Patrol (FHP) and the Florida Department of Transportation 
(FDOT) establishes a policy for FHP and FDOT personnel to expedite the removal of 
vehicles, cargo, and debris from roadways on the State Highway System to restore, 
in an URGENT MANNER, the safe and orderly flow of traffic following a motor 
vehicle crash or incident on Florida's roadways....all incidents be cleared from the 
travel lane within 90 minutes of the arrival of the first responding officer. 
Yesterday afternoon, we had a very productive meeting with FDOT staff, and they will 
continue working with City staff to ensure that our streets remain free of traffic congestion 
to the best of their ability. 
Sincerely, 
Philip 
Forward this email 
;./ 
This email was sent to jeevacabon@gmail.com by 
Update Profile/Email Address Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe" 
Privacy Policy. 
EFTA01134000

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134001.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2013 15:53:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Is very sweet. I gave her a ton of information. Offered to sublet her my apartment in LA (though I'm not sure she 
can afford) and told her to contact me any time she wants. I hope it was helpful. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01134001

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134002.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Francisco D'Agostino 
To: Francisco D'Agostino <f 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2013 16:18:25 +0000 
Inline•Images: 
2l.png 
EFTA01134002

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134003.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134003

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134004.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134004

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134005.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134005

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134006.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134006

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134007.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134007

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134008.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134008

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134009.pdf
----------------------------------------
_
EFTA01134009

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134010.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134010

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134011.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134011

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134012.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134012

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134013.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134013

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134014.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Daphne Wallace 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
ann rodriquez 
Photos - September 8, 2015 
Tue, 08 Sep 2015 21:03:44 +0000 
New_Waterfall_progrest(1).JPG; New_Waterfallprogress_(2).JPG; 
New_Waterfallprogress_(3).JPG; New_Waterfallprogress_(4).JPG; 
New_Waterfall_progress_(5).JPG; New_Waterfallprogress_(6).JPG; 
New_Waterfall_progress_(7).JPG; New_Waterfallprogress_(8).JPG; 
Big_Salt_Pond_rehydration_(1).JPG; Big_Salt_Pond_rehydration_(2).JPG; 
Big_Salt_Pond_rehydration_(3).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(1).JPG; 
Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(2).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(3).JPG; 
Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(4).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(5).JPG; 
Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(6).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(7).JPG; 
Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(8).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(9).JPG; 
Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(10).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(11).JPG; 
Pebble_Beach_cleanup_02).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(13).JPG; 
Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(14).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(15).JPG; 
Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(16).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(17).JPG; 
Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(18).JPG; Pebble_Beach_cleanup_(19).JPG; 
Shoreline_seaweed_cleanup_(1).JPG; Shoreline_seaweed_cleanup_(2).JPG; 
Shoreline_seaweed_cleanup_(3).JPG; Shoreline_seaweed_cleanup_(4).JPG; 
Shoreline_seaweed cleanup_(5).JPG; Shoreline_seaweed_cleanup_(6).JPG; 
Main_compound_hIllprep_for_hydroseeding_(1).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillpreplor_hydroseeding_(2).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(3).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(4).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(5).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(6).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(7).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(8).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(9).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(10).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(11).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(12).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(13).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(14).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(15).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(16).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillprep_for_hydroseeding_(17).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillside_prep_for_hydroseedint(1).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillsideprep_for_hydroseeding_(2).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillsideprep_for_hydroseeding_(3).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillsideprep_for_hydroseeding_(4).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillside_prep_for_hydroseeding_(5).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillside_prep_for_hydroseeding_(6).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillside_prep_for_hydroseeding_(7).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillside_prep_for_hydroseeding_(8).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillside_prep_for_hydroseeding_(9).JPG; 
Main_compound_hillside_prep_for_hydroseeding_(I0).JPG; 
Fiberpull_from_Gym_to_Blue_Beach_(1).JPG; 
Fiber_pull_from_Gym_to_Blue_Beach_(2).JPG; 
EFTA01134014
--- PAGE 2 ---
Fiber_pull_from_Gym_to_Blue_Beach_(3).JPG; 
Fiber_pull_from_Gym_to_Blue_Beach_(4).JPG; MBR_flooring_progress_(1).JPG; 
MBR_flooring_progress_(2).JPG; MBR_flooring_progress_(3).JPG; 
MBR_flooring_progress_(4).JPG; MBR_flooring_progress_(5).JPG; 
MBR_flooring_progress_(6).JPG; MBR_flooring_progress_(7).JPG; 
MBR_flooring_progress_(8).JPG; MBR_flooring_progress_(9).JPG; 
Cabana_l_Shower_progress_(1).JPG; Cabana_l_Shower_progress_(2).JPG; 
Cabana_l_Shower_progress_(3).JPG; Cabana_l_Shower_progress_(4).JPG; 
Cabana_l_Shower_progress_(5).JPG; Cabana_l_Shower_progress_(6).JPG; 
Cabana_2_Shower_progress_(1).JPG; Cabana_2_Shower_progress_(2).JPG; 
Cabana_2_Shower_progress_(3).JPG; Cabana_2_Shower_progress_(4).JPG; 
Cabana_2_Shower_progress_(5).JPG; Gym_Roof_painting_progress_(1).JPG; 
Gym_Roof_painting_progress_(2).JPG; Gym_Roof_painting_progress_(3).JPG; 
Librazy_roof_painting_progress_(1).JPG; Library_roof_painting_progress_(2).JPG; 
Library_roof_painting_progress_(3).JPG; 
Orange_parasitic_vines_removed_from_plants_below_Library_(1).JPG; 
Orange_parasitic_vines_removed_from_plants_below_Library_(2).JPG; 
Orange_parasitic_vines_removed_from_plants_below_Library_(3).JPG; 
Orange_parasitic_vines_removed_from_plants_below_Library_(4).JPG; 
Orange_parasitic_vines_removed_from_plants_below_Library_(5).JPG 
Greetings Sir, 
September 8 photos for your review and comments: 
New Waterfall progress - the pit has been dug for the cistern 
Big Salt Pond - Danny installed the trash pump this morning for the re-hydration 
Pebble Beach cleanup - ongoing 
Shoreline seaweed cleanup - 6 truckloads of seaweed were removed from the shoreline, but the ocean continues 
to bring in more 
Main compound hillside - stone removal in progress, hydro-seeding starts tomorrow 
Fiber pull from Gym to Blue Beach - Danny began to pull the fiber and ran into issues with unknown blockage -
he is considering just running new conduit, as it is only 650 feet and can be completed in a day 
MBR flooring progress - Pokey is now sanding - next will be caulking and finally the stain/polyurethane seal -
we expect him to be completed by Monday 14 at the latest 
Cabanas 1 and 2 showers - Danny E is almost complete with the installation - he was fortunately able to find the 
missing cartridge on STT 
Gym Roof painting - TJ expects to be completed tomorrow - will ask him to also paint the roof of the Gym A/C 
shelter 
Library Roof painting - Gary applying rust prevention, will paint after 
Orange parasitic vines removed on plants below Library - landscaping will next remove the vines from the 
seagrapes below the Library on the beach 
Respectfully submitted, Daphne 
EFTA01134015

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134016.pdf
----------------------------------------
~.f 
~
C 
)". ¢ 
r 
~Kn.. 
EFTA01134016

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134017.pdf
----------------------------------------
•-••• 
EFTA01134017

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134018.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134018

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134019.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134019

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134020.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134020

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134021.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134021

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134022.pdf
----------------------------------------
ry 
/ . r 
EFTA01134022

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134023.pdf
----------------------------------------
tfr_4,-f4 - 
EFTA01134023

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134024.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134024

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134025.pdf
----------------------------------------
• ' 
EFTA01134025

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134026.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pow 
EFTA01134026

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134027.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134027

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134028.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134028

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134029.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134029

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134030.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134030

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134031.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134031

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134032.pdf
----------------------------------------
, 
444! 
Ts: 
EFTA01134032

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134033.pdf
----------------------------------------
W.'`• Q,:vflatEN,SA 
EFTA01134033

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134034.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134034

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134035.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
.1 
EFTA01134035

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134036.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134036

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134037.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134037

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134038.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01134038

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134039.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134039

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134040.pdf
----------------------------------------
44' , 
lijdt m*
.,1411111T 4', "AS 'et 
. 
tabs 
EFTA01134040

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134041.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
••••-•;_ .•?•• 
•fr
.:!•7::::0:: 
• 
• 
gi_S13;•• 
EFTA01134041

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134042.pdf
----------------------------------------
“ Tra
a 5^ 
.1
...7e r 
l' ‘'‘ 
• 
FKIN:
4t4e;SWe 
EFTA01134042

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134043.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134043

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134044.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134044

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134045.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134045

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134046.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134046

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134047.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134047

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134048.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134048

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134049.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134049

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134050.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134050

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134051.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01134051

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134052.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134052

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134053.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134053

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134054.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134054

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134055.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134055

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134056.pdf
----------------------------------------
i t
2. 
1. ri
a 
. dr ,... 
EFTA01134056

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134057.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134057

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134058.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134058

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134059.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134059

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134060.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134060

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134061.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134061

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134062.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134062

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134063.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134063

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134064.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134064

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134065.pdf
----------------------------------------
, 
EFTA01134065

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134066.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134066

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134067.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134067

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134068.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134068

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134069.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134069

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134070.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134070

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134071.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134071

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134072.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134072

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134073.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134073

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134074.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134074

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134075.pdf
----------------------------------------
, 
EFTA01134075

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134076.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134076

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134077.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134077

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134078.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134078

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134079.pdf
----------------------------------------
ti-- 
~~..,, 
..,~~,,: 
EFTA01134079

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134080.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134080

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134081.pdf
----------------------------------------
~' 
EFTA01134081

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134082.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134082

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134083.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134083

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134084.pdf
----------------------------------------
M
I4
. 
' -a. 
gp• ‘ 
EFTA01134084

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134085.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134085

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134086.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134086

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134087.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134087

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134088.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134088

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134089.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134089

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134090.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134090

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134091.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134091

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134092.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134092

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134093.pdf
----------------------------------------
<, 
•r., 
~r 
EFTA01134093

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134094.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134094

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134095.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134095

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134096.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134096

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134097.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134097.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134097

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134098.pdf
----------------------------------------
7.= :7 
EFTA01134098

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134099.pdf
----------------------------------------
gitrk
ir
C4111%-• 
r, 
ket 
retpj 
EFTA01134099

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134100.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134100

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134101.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134101

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134102.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134102

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134103.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134103

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134104.pdf
----------------------------------------
sl 
EFTA01134104

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134105.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01134105

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134106.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134106

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134107.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134107

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134108.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134108

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134109.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134109

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134110.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134110

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134111.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134111

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134112.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134112

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134113.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134113

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134114.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kickstarter HQ 
To: jeevacationgginail.com 
Subject: Projects We Love: Preserve History 
Date: Fri, 09 Aug 2013 19:57:00 +0000 
leL1 
This week in Kickstarter 
We're really excited about opening up to Canada-based creators. If you live in 
Canada, you can start building your project now! 
Last weekend we held our film festival in Brooklyn. It was such an incredible 
evening that we've made the program available to stream online. Sit back, 
relax, and enjoy the 3rd annual Kickstarter Film Fest! 
Prnipms We I nve 
EFTA01134114
--- PAGE 2 ---
;I:Experience World War I through a German officer's photos 
Experience World War I through a German officer's photos 
By Dean Putney 
Preserved by his family for 100 years, Walter Koessler's never-before-seen 
photos of World War I provide a unique look at history. From everyday life, to 
life in the trenches, to the devastating aftermath, Koessler's photos give us a 
first-hand account of the Great War. 
EFTA01134115
--- PAGE 3 ---
:;:,End of the Reel: The Columbian Theater Goes Digital 
End of the Reel: The Columbian Theater Goes Digital 
By Jeanine Fairchild 
The shift from old-fashioned film projection to digital is in full swing, and 
Hollywood is steering the ship. By the end of the summer, iconic theaters will 
be forced to go digital or go dark. For some it's a difficult transition, but many. 
are marching on including the historic Columbian Theater in Astoria, Ore. The 
project video is quite the homage to this beloved theater. 
EFTA01134116
--- PAGE 4 ---
want to paint the greatest Sears stores in the country. 
I want to paint the greatest Sears stores in the country. 
By Brandon Bird 
You may have seen Brandon Bird's "weird oil paintings" of Christopher Walken 
and Noam Chomsky. The artist, whose style epitomizes pop culture absurdity, 
is working on a new project to capture Sears department stores, the one-time 
suburban landmarks. It's the perfect 21st century combination of cultural 
critique and landscape art. 
EFTA01134117
--- PAGE 5 ---
Find amazing projects happening near you. 
The Kickstarter app for iPhone, with location based browsing. 
Don't want to keep getting our newsletter? That's okay, you can unsubscribe. 
Copyright 2013 Kickstarter Inc. 155 Rivington Street, New York, NY 10002 
iPhone is a registered trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. 
EFTA01134118

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134119.pdf
----------------------------------------
vi 
EFTA01134119

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134120.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134120

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134121.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134121

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134122.pdf
----------------------------------------
T 
EFTA01134122

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134123.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134123

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134124.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134124

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134125.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134125

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134126.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134126

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134127.pdf
----------------------------------------
0
EFTA01134127

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134128.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134128

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134129.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134129

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134130.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134130

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134131.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134131

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134132.pdf
----------------------------------------
c0:;e0\. 
EFTA01134132

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134133.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
/*V". h 
- 
. 
EFTA01134133

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134134.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134134

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134135.pdf
----------------------------------------
i
li r
r: 
' 
•• 
j
_ 
. 
' .4( ‘ r..t.i4 
EFTA01134135

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134136.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134136

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134137.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134137

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134138.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134138

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134139.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134139

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134140.pdf
----------------------------------------
•F...--
EFTA01134140

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134141.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134141

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134142.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134142

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134143.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ws;;L 
EFTA01134143

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134144.pdf
----------------------------------------
,icer?.% 
EFTA01134144

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134145.pdf
----------------------------------------
-.7•'.:"Z 
•%•.... • * ••••••"4 
6i:t 411 2: ;1, 
EFTA01134145

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134146.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134146

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134147.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134147

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134148.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
EFTA01134148

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134149.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134149

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134150.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134150

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134151.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134151

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134152.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134152

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134153.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134153

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134154.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134154

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134155.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134155

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134156.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134156

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134157.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134157

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134158.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134158

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134159.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134159

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134160.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134160

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134161.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134161

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134162.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134162

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134163.pdf
----------------------------------------
_ 
r, • - :yr 
EFTA01134163

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134164.pdf
----------------------------------------
P 4.
rA".zr 
offrrkl': 
etestc:Vz:, 
•;;-% 
,Ar.c.4• 
EFTA01134164

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134165.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134165

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134166.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134166

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134167.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134167

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134168.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134168

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134169.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134169

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134170.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134170

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134171.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134171

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134172.pdf
----------------------------------------
'
a
EFTA01134172

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134173.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134173

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134174.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134174

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134175.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134175

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134176.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134176

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134177.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134177

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134178.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134178

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134179.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134179

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134180.pdf
----------------------------------------
r•~ 
EFTA01134180

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134181.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134181

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134182.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134182

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134183.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134183

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134184.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134184

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134185.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134185

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134186.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134186

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134187.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134187

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134188.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134188

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134189.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134189

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134190.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134190

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134191.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Neal Berger
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Eagle's View Capital Management, LLC- July 2013 Performance Update... 
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2013 12:10:49 +0000 
Eagles View Capital Management LLC July 2013 Performance 
Update 
August 10, 2013 
Click here to view our most recent investor tearsheet 
Recent regulatory and enforcement regime and its implications for investors 
Dear Partners/Friends, 
Eagle's View Capital Partners, L.P. posted an estimated gain of +0.20% for July with 
YTD performance estimated at +4.29% net of all fees and expenses. 
Eagle's View Diversified Opportunities Fund, L.P. is estimated at +0.35% for July with 
YTD performance estimated at +4.78% net of all fees and expenses. 
Eagle's View Offshore Fund, Ltd. Class E is estimated at flat for July with YTD 
performance estimated at +3.47% net of all fees and expenses. 
On August 1st, Eagle's View launched Eagle's View Special Opportunities Fund, L.P. as 
a Fund of One on behalf a Wealth Manager. We are in continued discussions to add 
additional Fund of Ones (one investor) and we feel that it is cumbersome to report all of 
these various Funds in this commentary on a monthly basis. 
Our overall posture of investing in non-correlated, niche-oriented strategies seeking to 
exploit a structural inefficiency in the market or otherwise have a positive expectancy is 
pervasive throughout all of our products. We expect performance to be materially 
similar with modest variations due to the nuances of each particular offering. 
As such, going forward, we plan to merely report on our flagship domestic Fund, 
Eagle's View Capital Partners, L.P. and our Eagle's View Offshore Fund, Ltd. Class E 
which is our offshore "niche" Fund of Funds counterpart. 
EFTA01134191
--- PAGE 2 ---
It seems bold to say that Eagle's View performed in line with expectations during a 
month whereby the average Fund of Funds was +1.27% as reported by HFRI and the 
S&P was nearly +5%. However, given Eagle's View's stated mandate of producing truly 
uncorrelated alpha, our performance fits within expectations. Eagle's View Capital 
Partners, L.P. has now been profitable in 21122 months (down month was -0.15%) and 
Eagle's View Diversified Opportunities Fund, L.P. has been profitable for the past 22 
months in a row. 
As we have told investors in the past, there should be no expectation that Eagle's View 
will perform better during a bullish equity, fixed income, or commodity market nor, 
should there be an expectation that Eagle's View will perform worse during negative 
market environments. In our opinion, this is not true for the hedge fund industry at large. 
Despite the fact that the S&P is nearly +20% YTD as of July 31, the Eagle's View Funds 
are largely keeping pace with the industry benchmark as measured by HFRI despite our 
lack of correlation to broader markets. We believe we will shortly overtake the industry 
in terms of returns, and, more importantly risk-adjusted returns, as we've done in prior 
years. However, that is merely our own opinion and is a forward looking statement 
based upon what we know of our portfolio and how we believe it should perform ahead. 
With respect to July, just under 60% of our Managers were profitable for the month. 
This is below the norm for us as we typically have a larger percentage of our underlying 
Managers being profitable. Our European Power Trading Manager led the losses 
dropping low double digits for the month. This performance is within the range of 
expectations for them and we fully anticipated that this could happen. They are still one 
of our top performing Funds YTD despite this loss. A newly added short-term activist 
also put up losses of nearly double digits. We redeemed from this Manager almost 
immediately as we are not pleased with the way this Manager effectuated it's strategy. 
While we conducted substantial due diligence on this Manager, it is hard to envision 
every scenario and circumstance. We observed this Manager closely and determined 
that, although there was no impropriety, he made some basic errors of judgment that we 
were uncomfortable with. This reminds me of the phrase by John Maynard Keynes, 
"When the facts change, I change my mind. What do you do sir?" This is very much in 
the spirit of good trading whereby we cut losers quickly (when we have appropriate 
reason to do so), and add to winners (only in the context of diversification and prudent 
risk taking consistent with our overall mandate). Fixed Income relative value also had a 
challenging month, although, not nearly of similar magnitude. On the positive side, 
gains were led by our US Electricity Arbitrage Funds, and Specialty Financing. 
So how were we able to put up modestly positive numbers despite less than 60% of our 
Managers being positive coupled with outsized losses from a couple of our Managers? 
The key to this has been a pre-determined analysis of the potential volatility of certain 
Managers and the appropriate sizing of our positions. We are pleased that we had an 
accurate understanding of the potential volatility of certain Managers and simply put, 
we sized them appropriately such that they would not cause our overall pool to suffer 
inordinately. This is one reason that we have characterized ourselves as Traders of hedge 
fund securities rather than typical allocators. We invest in hedge funds in a manner that 
is similar to how I ran a proprietary global macro book for more than a dozen years 
during my trading days. I believe this gives us an edge over other more traditional 
allocators. To be sure, it allowed us to once again put up a positive month for July. 
While this commentary is already lengthy, we'd like to comment about the daily 
headlines regarding insider trading busts, physical commodity abuses by the banks, 
LIBOR fixing scandals, etc. There is nearly a day that goes by when we do not read of 
EFTA01134192
--- PAGE 3 ---
the regulators going after market abuses that have been a mainstay of Wall Street for 
decades. 
Simply put, the regulators are in hyper-overdrive mode in such a manner which we've 
never previously witnessed. Cleaning up the abuses, illegal and manipulative market 
activity, is overwhelmingly favorable for those of us who are in the business of 
capitalizing upon legal market inefficiencies, or for that matter, any investor who is 
attempting to effectuate any legal strategy. Countless tens of billions of dollars are taken 
out of the market each year by participants who operate with an 'edge' that is now being 
shut-down and deemed illegal or manipulative. A 'bad actor' really needs to think long 
and hard these days given that the Wall Street "cops" are out in full force. 
To be sure, the world central banks are still very much "influencing" global markets 
making it challenging for a rational participant to operate. However, at the same time, 
there is a massive effort to clean-up the private sector abuses that have been ongoing. 
Although it is naïve to think that illegal activity and market abuses will cease entirely, a 
major advantage is in the process of being restored to those operating within the 
confines of the law and who are increasingly able to play in an environment where the 
dice are a bit less loaded. The playing field is slowly getting a bit flatter and we are 
hopeful that this trend will continue which will only benefit us we believe. 
Eagle's View is invested in strategies that attempt to exploit market inefficiencies and 
maintain a positive expectancy throughout all types of market environments. We 
strongly believe in the value of providing investors with a return stream that is a unique 
source of alpha versus their other more traditional investments. 
We are accepting new clients within our Fund of Funds product as well as within our 
Advisory business. Please contact me with further interest in our products/services. 
Disclaimer: Past performance is not indicative of future results. This newsletter is 
provided for informational uses only and should not be used or considered an offer to 
sell, buy or subscribe for securities, or other financial instruments. Prospective 
investors may not construe the contents of this newsletter or any prior or subsequent 
communication from us, as legal, tax or investment advice. Each prospective investor 
should consult his/her personal Counsel, Accountant, and other Advisors as to the 
legal, tax, economic and other consequences of hedge fund investing and the 
suitability of such investing for him/her. Further, the contents of this newsletter should 
not be relied upon in substitution of the exercise of independent judgment. The 
information contained herein has been obtained from sources generally deemed by us 
to be reliable, however, all or portions of such information may be uniquely within the 
knowledge of parties which are unaffiliated with us or our affiliates and, therefore, 
may not be amenable to independent investigation or confirmation. In such cases, we 
have not undertaken to independently investigate or confirm the accuracy or adequacy 
of such information, but we have no reason to believe that such information was not 
accurate and adequate, to the best of our knowledge, when given. It is important to 
note that investing in hedge funds involves risks. Please request and read the Private 
Placement Memorandum for a complete description of the risks of hedge fund 
investing. Hedge fund investing may involve, in addition to others, the following 
risks: the vehicles often engage in leveraging and other speculative investments which 
may increase the risk of investment loss; they can be highly illquid' hedge funds are 
not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; they 
may involve complex tax structures and thus delays in distributing important tax 
information may occur; hedge funds are not subject to the same regulatory 
EFTA01134193
--- PAGE 4 ---
requirements as mutual funds and they often charge high fees. Opinions contained in 
this Newsletter reflect the judgment as of the day and time of the publication and are 
subject to change without notice. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. 
If you are not the intended recipient or have received this communication in error 
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication 
is strictly forbidden. 
Kindest regards, 
Neal Berger 
President 
Eagles View Capital Management LLC 
Disclaimer: Past performance is not indicative of future results. This newsletter is provided for 
informational uses only and should not be used or considered an offer to sell, buy or subscribe 
for securities, or other financial instruments. Prospective investors may not construe the 
contents of this newsletter or any prior or subsequent communication from us, as legal, tax or 
investment advice. Each prospective investor should consult his/her personal Counsel, 
Accountant, and other Advisors as to the legal, tax, economic and other consequences of hedge 
fund investing and the suitability of such investing for him/her. Further, the contents of this 
newsletter should not be relied upon in substitution of the exercise of independent judgment. 
The information contained herein has been obtained from sources generally deemed by us to be 
reliable, however, all or portions of such information may be uniquely within the knowledge of 
parties which are unaffiliated with us or our affiliates and, therefore, may not be amenable to 
independent investigation or confirmation. In such cases, we have not undertaken to 
independently investigate or confirm the accuracy or adequacy of such information, but we have 
no reason to believe that such information was not accurate and adequate, to the best of our 
knowledge, when given. It is important to note that investing in hedge funds involves risks. 
Please request and read the Private Placement Memorandum for a complete description of the 
risks of hedge fund investing. Hedge fund investing may involve, in addition to others, the 
following risks: the vehicles often engage in leveraging and other speculative investments which 
may increase the risk of investment loss; they can be highly illquid' hedge funds are not required 
to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; they may involve complex tax 
structures and thus delays in distributing important tax information may occur, hedge funds are 
not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds and they often charge high 
fees. Opinions contained in this Newsletter reflect the judgment as of the day and time of the 
publication and are subject to change without notice. Past performance is not a guarantee of 
future results. If you are not the intended recipient or have received this communication in error 
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized 
copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Kindest regards, 
Neal Berger 
President 
Ea les View Capital Management LLC 
EFTA01134194
--- PAGE 5 ---
Forward email 
;
11‘i 
This email was sent to jeevacation@gmail.com by 
Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribem Privacy Poky. 
Eagles View Capital Management LLC 
EFTA01134195

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134196.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: CBA News <eba_newsgng.eba.rnit.edu> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: CBA News & Notes 
Date: Fri, 28 Feb 2014 18:56:32 +0000 
G'iCBA 
logo 
CBA News & Notes 
February 28, 2014 
• CBA is hosting a symposium on Bits 
Biology on May 1: 
http://cba.mit.edu/events/14.05.BB/index.html 
This will gather researchers converting digital data to and from biological systems. The 
meeting is open, but registration is required. 
• We ran a fab lab again at the World Economic Forum in Davos; here's some of the 
coverage: 
http://www.theguardian.com/business/blog/2014/jan/22/davos-2014-world-economic-
forum-day-one-live#block-52dfd393e4b07eba157a79d6 
http://videos.lexpress.fr/actualite/monde/video-au-forum-de-davos-le-fab-lab-promeut-l-
impression-3d 1316763.html 
This year's lab was based on machines made in fab labs: 
http://cba.mit.edu/news/14 02/AM14 Fab Lab 1pager.pdf
• CBA's work on the Internet of Things appeared in Foreign Affairs: 
http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/140745/neil-gershenfeld-and-jp-vasseur/as-
Ac dects-go-online 
EFTA01134196
--- PAGE 2 ---
and on Science Friday: 
http://www.sciencefriday.com/segment/02/21/2014/building-an-open-internet-of-
things html 
• CBA researchers are part of a team that received an award from the Knight Foundation to 
create an Open Humans Network: 
http://www.knightfoundation.org/grants/201447980/ 
• We're pleased to welcome VSP Global as CBA's newest sponsor: 
https://www.vsp.com
VSP Globala ms companies are leaders in eye care, eyewear, practice software and 
ophthalmic solutions, and will be working with us on optical rapid-prototyping and wearable 
instrumentation. 
• CBA projects are featured in a special issue of MIT's Spectrum magazine on the future of 
cities: 
http://www.archdaily.com/476801/spectrum-magazine-spotlights-mit-s-cross-
disciplinary-research-into-cities/ 
• CBA will be co-hosting Barcelona's chief architect Vicente Guallart for a lecture on March 7 
on self-sufficient cities: 
http://architecture.mit.edu/lecture/self-sufficient-city
• On April 19 as part of this year's Cambridge Science Festival, Neil Gershenfeld will talk 
about science in popular media at the MIT Museum: 
http://web.mit.edu/museum/programs/festival.html 
• The annual Edge question prompted responses from a number of CBA's researchers and 
alums, on "What scientific idea is ready for retirement?": 
http://www.edge.org/contributors/what-scientific-idea-is-ready-for-retirement 
This is an occasional newsletter on the activities of CBA and its partners; to be added or removed from this list, or to 
submit items, please contact cba news@cba.mit.edu 
EFTA01134197

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134198.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nelorgo‘v 
rr 
44, 
• is 
Vitielfor 14APPie-ti"*.
ap, 
% 
1,,\Nfre 
so\ *410 
• 
• 
'••• "911-145or 
J .  
4.4°
C 
• 
'itilltmetrwmoili%. 
ltibe
Aritais 
gs
a
t44.,tat.44,,, 
'Ss J•444.4-
a "Nay. 
• 
*11% 
• • . 
- 
.1104•••••••••••"164%.`‘ 
•• -La.* 
r
* 
• I 
alle
nali
t
tlial l ilitle
hilliell
a
• 
% 
%IOW fl oor' * 
••• 
I+ 
!are %/64. 
ekifr. 
In% /1. 
, 
Mr* 
';';' 
4• 40 
46,s 
sak 
• 
F 
*441,0rPosYne #1,4006- 'At airtir • 
6wra 
• likApeo ;10 
*we a 
10.14v14-$., 
Om • 
"OS a
t•-•'*  
%NW% 
A •• 
 iSalt 
4604
1t 
• 
S 
eSta as 
44••''''NAS frit.
tit 
• 
bab% r
viss 1.0 
it is rilk‘ "la 
th• eg t 
P 
SkAt' 
644 
•I• 
Vie4-t vt.,41`1140- 
aik, 
• ' 
SAIllarkseb AMIAir
A 
'4*.free
b:Sa 
"
4°1
r t 
411' tag** 
\- 
imeAtv, 
tr. trob-•% 
W ire
.
s AA; ir 
Wie 
• 
4f, 
er% *mobs" 
104 
kip 
mobeess' 
• 
I; 
!r
ib 
r
illir00
104,00
.
1/1 
S
e* 
Y 
.,,•, 
t%  
t
he
iliafaral
k 
• 
a  
S 
4%4 / kei
t 
""). 
tit -r*Ii eke 1P.4141%
-2 - es 
->•44 
ok 
liscs‘ . t4Nrirp 
psek,:s.4t, ift• 4 see-
• 
t
a
Ii
li‘Apeovois 
S . 
airSok- oke J 144444, 
a 
sok /lista` 
**-
vett" 
v. rt 
1/44.01,1/44,4bw, ;$-r-
a 
Aur, • 
-04t.-÷0*. * 
; 
-'4(-:;9•14•4149.,,t >ift•44•• >s,7•••••••L*Sr.4 Ai lfr* 
"sr 
W Se?"401Nin 
Palt 
• 
NC*  . 
It 
i t%
. 
• -- 
; 
INOSIre 
4" .alle e-'
‘
; ‘)"
.:  7 
• 
r 
. 
i 
litS*.' ..fr 
.'t 
• 
-4" 
" 
I 
' 
ri 
• 
• 
• 
I 
I 
i 
--, inaterC443 IP histrafritirr,w -4" 4.41Arr "iiesttlir 
/4"4001'4
' 'Ws Ali4 
ile
r aad'-40
.11
• 
- 
!"•* N .._ 
`, 3 riker
gi
r)Olt"„>.i.lit
t,941 .4. 
r 
ktLkirtt ...e,„.s,, *
Iii„;..„-'S 
• ,..„ i;iir• eNtr - -**40"•Iseb*,.1 lel of 
A 
, 
. 
4V
t•*1••-•: 
i‘Iti‘i.j1lik4
+
4StkVe  
biall
illi gi4
C
 ‘ 
: 
I  I  * Al ‘k.
 IP r  
arkrf
i e
ss &   k  I  1 
" 1644•‘" ah: # 
A
.0 1 
.4 , 
% 
•
i 
7", 
? 
v 
Sa
P 4
r7;4
14.
)141
/4. 
al t
4.41.41
NO Ir.
. 
frip3cresretg,4 -‘,' sr . r 
- -wirir:01'-.,Now-•
.-• 
, 
, 
:-.
. • 
s - 
ie 
t 
• -"fercrrrf '  c 
rte,S
,
A01 P•1
,144
"4,44 
'ir  ' AP
S 0, 1
V 
• 
I 
es la 
'''' 
• .‘, 
sit t a ... IL 
t 
44., ilk, 
-ace 
— -- 96- 
• 
?T ine
 .4444, 
'4 
a t. 
-
443; 
'4 
• 
see.* a
ir 
Ak ♦
ar' 
r 4,
•
.4 
• 
C
tit 
•-• 
• / 
I
' 
•‘ 
Ittr 44.* 
1.44pr ..4-40.4, 
, 
r esit 
r 
• 
4( 11h1"
dileatt e  
4.4?•••• Nen 
' Very -ea: 
'16 
4444 • AIR 
•••• 3, 
S. 
, • er. 
, 
• 
"
O
liAti e
ta
s
*ek
r*P9 
• 
I 
g 
lis * .'"fr
ea-t"rn 
IC 
'OS 047.1 
• 
.91 
• 
., , \ 
• 
v
ile I 
% 
*Ta t e M4 
i
. , 
t 
e. 
I •• 
• .i.• ••14% 
-sv 
:•••14,4. 
EFTA01134198

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134199.pdf
----------------------------------------
7.• 
••• 
144' 
• 
' 
. • 
, 
• e 
. 
1. 
*2 
• I ' "L • ft' y4, 
6,4 
: • 
••• 
'Ft 
1.1•0 
av 
a
• d.•• Wye' 4. "AI • .. 
4.„ 
•si 
A - 
. 
of 
s1/4
5,1 
"
‘I •fa., 
•••••‘,•,;' 
• •i• "'Avi - 4\ 
..+- 
4k 
44ss.,
0- 
;bib • 
- ). 
i• 
t 
Sa 
we. 
‘1, 
•te• 
• iitij 
4* 
' 4' 
• 
c 
• 
, w 
.1.44W 
ats 
I. 
t • 
• • 
2:44211.1L•1
4\• 
• 
. 
• 
•
• 
• 
. 
'4 40- 
I 
, • 
-.4.P. • • 
•r 
• 
" 
. 
t
i
t
.. 
111 
A ".• 
• 4 
it 
I  
ow, 
. 
t•• 
%.• t ar 
, • 
N, • 
Il•
V 
.S 
If 
NI 
1, •l 
 •• I • IS' 
el% 
• 
I 
V 
.. t 
•ft 
t. 
! 
•t14%. il-A4 • 
Inx. 44%, 
,.
.„,s SW . 
• 
‘ 
- 
• 
kJ .  \ 
e, t } ',... '3•0 
--, 
• • 
.‘,.. 
• 
4. 
• 
It4/kler- 
-,, ' 1' 
• 
• 
t • 
$ isk -It 40, . 
,1/4 
, , b.r.• ir 't 
I 
44* 
Sa t . \  
Zil").4 4 e
‘. 
bl 
• 
' 
. 
... 
.1 
* 
.. tar 
4\
.- 
111 
n• 
a .. 4 • • 
% 
' 
•,:. 
'' .4C
; \:•• : 7' 
.-;•-:::" 
.• 
1.. 
c• .;• 
4: • 
1, . 1 
4a‘t 
\ 
.. 
‘ 
• 
• 
' 
• 
-4' 
/ 
. 
. 
% 
oi. •.. 
i 
''. ' 
) ;: - 4..V 
i 
. 
vZ*••.
‘4 %; ‘‘ t te 
. 
''' 
. 
 lie ' t 
't % 
' 
. 
' 
♦\-
' 
• 
*4 
• 
A • ‘• 
• 
• 
• 
la 
• 
S.
• 
• 
• 
EFTA01134199

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134200.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Larry Visoski
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2013 14:20:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
EFTA01134200

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134201.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134201

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134202.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
Cc: Larry Visoski <
> 
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2013 14:21:58 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
EFTA01134202
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01134203
--- PAGE 3 ---
IA 
Mg 
111.4•••••••• wit•••r
i
• * at...le ,.. gm 
I foe SO ••••• 
0. 
WNW. Solo 
a 
li rArol =elas• 
I
., ....* 
ead, 
aelIdredb••• 
1.•••••••••••• 
Sao" 
WI* Wit 
=••--at" 
le•nall 
army." 
isk 
▪ 
• Aga 
a 
a* Mae Nobel, dada. 
• 
• 
VOION. • 
Wine. • 
# 
• 
4.04 II•••••••••••• el( 
*Os • ••••••••.• 
••••••••• 
td.•••••••• 
go. • •••••• 
as• 
yes 
• 
lor•fooma•..-
•••••• 
••••• • Or • eye %••••••••• , 
.S.on 
raw 
al.
, . a 
Sea. 
I .....•••••••••.... 
lea 
ronsaa 
asaitaw 
r• 
a reillea •••• Or •••••• 
5,./.281.•••••flial ••••••■•••• 
aaadeeraS•leas... 
allaisel10, 01.0 
-4illtiNaer*Salleeeder 
sed.-‘;.• 
its
 4•.,
Moira 
'ego 
• 
AP 
• 40.4•• 
to .• 
tat
ab••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
-
"Celt
• • • tif 
lOsi t
s 
ar• 
-sage 
, - 
-.•••••••••••-•••••••-
....S4S.Mieta.S. 
ID•allialblea•• 
I: 
• 
••••••••••••••••:•-1
,  - 
• • • • • 
• ••- • 
1..10• eta 
S.. 
••••1 
apama 
sallacaaaaala 
Sui•ataa 
_ 
.0  
 arr. 
a
illir
si a
sonsa
mb.••••••=lay tlingr.. 
.•••••• 
•
' 
.....1-SSMISSomes. 
a 
4adllft•Ilio 
••••••••••••• 
. 
...vv... 
461••••••• ..• - .....••• 
••10 , "WI • • **ewe, 
-4., 
a.•.
 ••••• 
MOM aa...... 
Mae 
"waft,. 
, 
, 41-.1- •SSOMISII as ge 1 male... 
Apallinell".0...e.""""le'
47....iseate“......": 
.s.......14±„........n.......
I
'e rra...............
".. 
i...........0
.
 .........a 
....,...
‘,
Am *a 
••••••• 'MS 
SIP -•••• 
anora••••• 
el". 
a 
• •-••• IP...a 
atamidat 
?rnial•00.fles....yinaa....•...e.ass.„. 
• 
ea 
4.a...ea 
......S
.../ . x 
- 
..-
„.
:
4100• •••••••••
•
•
•
•• •••••
=
naleak
Jaw.- 
saaa•••-•akassesaaarina'a
ddinmen...."
- 
. 4 . 
......dgibillikediVarayisentli•OMMOWIS.a, 
„S -. -.i
0..•— 
SIMPaylia.....0/4.
,
diajpal• 
ark 
AbliAni••••••••••• 
. 
. 
., ...............s.....aussal.,_ 
sailes..,••.a.S. mitabigs...4.~.C.414,
b
d.adymage...i
.
•••••••••••••••••,,, • a • a. . ••••••••••• 
a -.. 
- ao•••••••••••••••••
•„. 
, Ill•
tilliir."4"."V
••••••••Th.H  
flele •M••••••••••••Satata•it••••• 
• 
alearaa••• 
..friatoon sus 
11.604..ilarla•fra•••..s 
• -- 
SISED•wiedi..••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Sire 
•••••••••••••••••• 
Sr. 
IroVelastamaftleseesera••••••., 
se 
reasetosonagravitimusof 
.fremglodisiess• -• 
a
raissisteir 
....
............
./aa.7.ffra...5:zr 
. alkalbS••••••ab
ak......4,
, 
- 
inkaseashistwasimest 
amps na...w.....s.a.... . 
inia•••••••••••••••••••4 
"jorosiosised..."...........
. 0 ;
,
alallaashaa
a
g84.• 
a lt. 
''.- 
ilb,  ae:sossisosallol
L ao....-•• 
AliesISWIbessSaf 
..-AisimlanaimeSISS.......10.0.,... 
S. 
driaaaaa 
••• — 
riad
iall
S
a
i re
s
on
a ir e a sisar
.a t 
Saallgraaa.a...! 
Mia
ll it a
l r
e  O a.
 ' 
• 
-• ;00ie‘dgaaa.
11.
06.41 0 AidaliSMIO•antip~ 
. 
110••••••41....."46.
64~0. 4 _ 
4..A 
Anent 
410 0004Or 
. 
alabilialli 
SO 
.... 
Ai liv...iiSajle•SIS 
lbearakil 
Defed••
• ..0.
• 
..- 4,maile$Saa
boasibeausai
tala
imaa
sijo 
..• dr 
.•••••••••••••••, 
111.Y.Selet 
ow, 
. 
w 
$ 
. 
aaadly 
... • 
..4rnapiinao 
Aphsessiin.. 
.flo 4.4.444imsna 
.rniontelaSateinfale,
a mpeamfOarsearisomary 
minsos si,•••••••••••• Ss'*' 
)0016404••••• ssissilwasertimv 
rbeeirelotare.waterat 
" WOW a
le 0.00.10Wileye
r *OP, 
iinsise 
coasseramtisealtra *gag 
I 
sae 
le salsa* sea 
lina. 
7d, ' en. * 
onsardialitableSesieta.440111•••.......... 
Wafterelliasseassa.se _ 
oepteatasernSesaarieebk._ 
.
bd.*. -fp -40 
4•44 
esarit. adVISSiga
sellyyssa... 
• 
Jworob.anra.slalifraweallyarevera-s aa 
alrette 
'gnat 
ant 
illo•a•ma0Mana
1/4 s•••• 
linSgo• teele
dberhyter
a
*.a 
no. 
SONS\ Iblw 410 0 .
9•Se"l•-•44••S.
,
anstisair 
itlarees 
ellitobalimos 
• 
^r• 
••••• 
. 
• 
_ 
}NW 
tegfroarees4i 
• 
• 
.•••••• 
vabssanabba. 
TO•00••• 
te•Scavair•--* 
er-+••••••• wilikalteefte• 
. —.ant 
EFTA01134204

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134205.pdf
----------------------------------------
ea, 
id> tea 
.1g ›.S bib 
Vie 
- 
... 
k
rri 
_4. 
iss
~4~
i ,,  r  t
 ,.4 
a b. a st41.11A a LeasS. AA* ise .44. .... fr 
' 
NalSt. 
..' 
..~
4..... 
1».
10‘“
4»
....441
" 
' ..4 
• 
- 
‘. 
4.
II  ‘...' 
• 
fr 
t 
' 
: 
' 
-Nee 
— stab e 
_,....... 
ii~allik•.~~ 
...a—. Ira— "" S. ‘'ins.' 
"- west , • be sa- a • . 
.4.4.414 
ti
eigikl~
041~k 
'11~ 
%AbeImal 
:' vd‘.." " ea - i‘amber 
• • ' a 
4i.s. is. 
14- • 
th.44 ' 
.14 
' 
• 
- .., 
. s- 
tihosiewarrill
1/4
:40,~44
,
lis. 4 44‘.4'*4)-4 --Ilia,.%40a 4.:14‘ a 
. 
• „ - ...4 4 , •• 
-a ,,,, 4 4 
-...." 
lall.44, •a t-klik411Satirbaa‘ Al. aftaillS
41. 1~ 
`‘.. 
thes. 
4.4k 4 
$1044 
s a
.4..... 
.4.4* 
. 
In 
\IA,- 
Sr 
-I, 9a Mt . . 
' 
• • . 
lanallelkaa..~.111.1. 
%IS St ^We  
h
riirksia". 
,)".~-, 
alibtillh›..kieS in 
a its . 'slobs S.. 
_.. 
Mr 11M141~~ 
*1/4.4.14 ‘ a.- ‘• 44161 Iblike  glatub.‘k I,. webs.mi~ , blhe bas e alik. lis -6, ikiss„ .46-4 -- .... lb. . - slew .• ‘...e*---elabe".. ass ak, ."0.4444, e bbs k ,,, aL is* 4. a n b li.,', • e. - - i.t.i 
liba•lha
twe llit" -'•.:•Val."..414at i gais -' tal %kw% a se..46~ 
..s-al. "Ili Pat "A.. I 4 abr. sais-k4S.,‘,Ihr 1/410,..~ . 
s«..k. S. lisS4444 Wa1"..Ssjelb • baaa$,,..4 
6i........as. 
liallbh~a. 
S.Y. 
e l‘ bal  % S 1/44,41+••• .-4%lit SIP la"aal 
MLII. 
laa•-e 
abae 
~IS 
~Mks 
a 
h i * -" it ...r. ...bigasa ~WM.- 
1.6.1.* *ha 14ISsibri• S *Waa lisak 
440,"~" 
Ma 
~halt
e r - aatek,Se ' ‘s sa›-41 ...atin.rnii ~Sir 
tabi~ 
baasSiSt..-3,11. 14~41r -r 11.> ili ~ 
Lialb4 theiStasjitalhi  'se  . " 
' a  . a  a-. 4"
 i
11"»~b~.
414~
4~ 
tt....
, 
,4  "44 ...J. ... -sal> Ass~dibb- talia .1.1/4~.44sair4.4..».44.,r a: ,; „..ebs-nan-cabk. ka S e 
t • SI S 
S 
m414" m a
y - S •• - - ill 
1~~
4410 1"alb*"...
' .-...~...k.....-4.,--,^4.4an. sbass."-~baka,suigas 4.: - lies "swir~a§sta mossa•stsau ~ea"
11,44,... I ....a.‘411.1
-4.4 4Pais isk, illa ‘INOm. a i sstais Si& . Nib.. esmisik,3„/ .ta A. ,.. . „„: , 
• 
S %%a ibitsinibedflk 
- .. 
lik~ 
,, a 
ti an, 4 Ira." 
Ja ta ll
i*
»~~~*-- 
- 4% 
allIPOSS‘An 
Wilks.- lik 
.‘ileh
elj‘ 
.willikaaaiwn 
W • 
..c 
- 
--44.41~
4alak 
bkallillik~S
,4 ‘IIIS- - 
44.1•••• 
ei S+41
•
• 
St
s
• 
~at 
4.00~ 
44.2414* 
..• 
. 1/4411 
rr  
lb 
a 
11.4 4I 
giggig
.S
. ~
41.44. 
' t« • 
aeg4
ga
g
' 
• 
gg ebb 
gag! 
..a
bbli~ta 
b 
••••• ana etk.asa %ea • 4* ..4.)VSSsise ..,Ma 
1.4 
• aa.o. 
t s 
eat 
na 
a4rAiStt ~-446
,40.^k„\4..astr amba- --•- . 
asssiabia4444* 
4~44.4kx,dRaft isak 
atiaikS in 44. 
Sa iii~tatbas 
%' 
rest,. 
:-:_:-..S~ea..~ tit ‘4.~4~); 
~a.' 
•4 %. • -: ' 
Al."`"~ 
. .- - 
- • st •Ii.t"
i*  
.4,4,~IS 
*.tik 141 
, ...." ..a. -~fresi 
t. _.,,. 1.4»\1 "410~
114,11.4 • 40.44asia: 4 - ...r ag -aMed.~- -~ •1/4 
""--3" -' 
° 
• 4ahMlikt iii~ilAi 
k*/~3 ana 
- 
I 
-.,,rerri esNias iikia46,-' .. ° 1% -....",2.4„,%,;.»°\ 4  .14111/4S~S-4 
"Al -sat It5:; 
:. siti,,,,‘ witz_b.aa
suptier ,„ - 
- s „ 
**.S ~Mar 
* 
4NAMI;\**kb, a' 
‘ 
iss~bibk - ‘4-
114.3.4, 
'atiaah~alkiPaQ 
•A‘Vikb t. 
141~Wab$4-:¥4)4" 
ta
3/4"-) 3/4N-N4-1 .44 
3/4•„•• ta
w.. 3/4kl>44-4 
43/4. ai3/44
14b.~4441.
,•••-44'1~4~4~
44444~..~ 
--•:~
3/4411
.3/4‘4-~
3/44~
4•3/4;4
4~44,
•:asr;-.441,--,-$1.>~ 164444-$~~-wittx. 3/44.0~~..t.... 
• 
t3/4 
Nants~.\-iai .3/4-4‘ 3443/4
~PC,..)--, 
- -.3'14~n~'&"42"klar -bar ~mist ..."4" 4"~' 
a.‘•»•~4. 
v4,..n-‘,.,~-vi 
-•‘‘ 
4+ -„ifik~maikkA¥Sa #1/23iraim.~- •~Ilab-~åkat-- 
--a.11.11.-* 
r
e- a 
Z.,- -..~4.6»alatmarikb~:Ilidikt»34
.m>A4 ‘\ 
s.ms 4i~iiiikaaw-stal-~ 
~04i-el`.441441å~ 
- - alsa
, 
amst3/4.&46a4:".&^~,-, ase_liht-3/4")3/44~3/43/4%.-›b41~3
3/4~ 
,j;St. a.- a 
isai 
p yrNWIØP.~».41.~14. 
"illitS41;: 9
1~4s
s 3 14••~
1114.4~ 
••• 
j>.**
**14› 
• 
44.~ 
ieinh
.....14
»~~
t bmi
s oak. 
.y»"44j,ji 
ika‘:*-~,--atk• 
lw~-abbits iffiumia440 6-~ 
. 
Si 
• 
sk
aj wailINIftir-~i~~%"4441%% Srititizah
likk--:4,4 
< al~
11*
**,-*Ø•bt' aaim.4‘441,av~-44-~bia44 1.ka 
N% 
,.,,iit.~444.~.
4mirki4.44s-tr 
z„;Q:y . saska
•
- 
„amt.:~ -4"....s..~.~.t.-~‘,~a4 
- 
•••..aer lit•a"-k•j•IS•a 
&Y. %...aa 
en. ' 
( 
ikt(  
-SS1/444. ' sv•Iikb...~0" 
• all '
lb--161*-raaa. 
Li m", ". 
‘1"..1%.41r.raa.4 
4•)441 ks41.••••*%•>-~¥
2.- ••••- "W abil"
1/4 41" 1/4“ 
‘.4‘,. -4 1:kiCkftiege•• ••••14>' 114.‘ 
fa- 
%Mil""
4, 
*ti; 1/4.k >aarbe:4-jupinis %SI -*-~-
41a4 • 
YeStaisk a.r S 4,^4..,*41 1/444
4filis, - 
Spa4lik 4,1441a011....b~sl. 
banit a ss,fr 
1~Illb~.214*3-t SeS~.S.f.4 
•iiik 
T.
•Xb' '‘S.:4klA•ZS'SS4S)Palk -V• 
ajj.' 
1.‘" dst,r, 
p 
•..4.,11
/4•4ta
alh 
C.;.,44kis s.
-. ,,.k%C.‘aia, 
~raj
...nat.; 
_,....,.....-7
4,~
1.4tili(44:70
pielkta~bir*.
ilza 
• „••• ...Si: : 5; 4;: 41.1 
4dai$43/4-bc - 
4W
.1144‘
.44.4~
‘• 4' 
,,
4"‘"14*••114
l
ell~44.•?
114.11
~ 
-i.v>“S444. 
a
vi 
• 
441•Skt 
444 
9P
-4-~
a•
P‘
.  ¥-ess.mw.-~-*Sa-AIL4 
-41 Sea. 
rat 
04\ r~ib 
.*.e.aSiNa 
%apt %3/4w3/41.k.--.1\4 - -3/4 
• -3/43/4- 
. 
• 
a a  
- 
*NW,- •~S-M\S 1/4 #1,11:11 
-.1; a 
114~"ti tk
bbba" 
•-":`• 
194 1~
1111
6.-. 
-• 
".44a41144•4641StaSaktia)~bite-
.~~i‘s• 
as:bS.44.)st-Sails3t;91-~ ;14\bsalilii~^0 
iåraltn,.4Pane,,,s#41a re.1 
st~iir4S.4 
449 
- i..,. 
~*:"-~4414-
aWrzi 
• .6 
'•4
4"$41"#'' 44~
01sha.~.
444.:,:t•welts.b.---;i4~~e
s-
' 9~4.04,4.; -fit404,0- 4>•,
te-i$ 
..tana. .-~ 
~tat 
saa.,it• 
)80 Z ~~raiSchikvasnt‘.4-414A:44fl›-tk~ 
" 
. ask
s. 
_ 
a454:
yk•►• pa~
- Sir 44  
L • ---t•Ikt.t,•fl å• all".% 
644",
:a ce biri44." 
• 
, _,„31#4,,M
b~
sapata
i~
laS 
e 
z 
Aipile,~114 - i3/4 11kneh;lik.14~sts 
"mityablite
dailishaft~«,-4ps.mrmbrik 
- 
.43/43/4.11•44.a•is 
ftaktlicka.Set ~Cs 
jrni
iiIMS
NIta 
? ha-
V% 
. 
. 
.. 
.r 
. 
.... 4 
j~.....an 
'I' 
...e.' 
, 
7..:4  * ', Vall""q~
billib»
; 
''. 
I rLiligrarbili 
l alt 
ilbee
l 
" 
• e'  
_ . _Ar 
i  
t 
t  , 
bvimm.-~„siteafravis tm-mAr ylk› d‘mistg, 
••-• :-‘..- 
•c 
--. ±: ... A  - 
.44
41A
lt
-~
4" 
-. 
. 
_...4
‘
r ir 
• 
. 
• 
;•;: j. le: . 
. . 
- 
> SS * 
b .spsi  „....: 
.....", 
a 
ierbådi, ...alelaiklb.P.* '•11*.44bageSS:i)~. 
' bIMIWII•k" I ... , 
i •; 
: 
• ,.:: 49,..b.."‘ *fa 
t 
V' .....t 
adr. 
.. 4
6.6ablilik.~41.14;
45. 
441444e..i 
- 
; 
a 
fr • 
; 
1.--4,v- .... --4( 
a 
". 4. 
. 
• 
.., 
t 
v"
.- .  
-r 444t• • .-•-taa$4,-ps-4,b,....,.~::-)11.-4s 
„; , . 
_a_ii_ :.1.c. 4W4r- a 
en. --AS*" 
‘ 
• : ell( '41. 
' 4414beb -`1014 %a eigiaitibas 
,... 
........ 
-mat-- 
• ''. 
1- #-StIRZ--ir -4r 
-4-i ,t--.,,,,, 
t 
. 
. / 
..", .Nr•at :4"---•S4.4&:-.*. 
: , ...1 ..--
'3' , 
:4444, 'tab. J.,.. 
.. ' 
. .),T 
als>"4"besam""am- -. na-t
- 
-iik .,---Hs.1 .._4-= ..., 
ilic,. 
_..... •  
" 
.. 
....4 a 
%a -.alit 
7. r 
" 
eita
ie...,
-.1. 
4.  
ji 
.,.. 
ea
.  
b 4
kr • 
• 
bit!
„it! ; 
_ 
..‘~milii1 
. 
,,,,dprtiftpvt\c,-4.44110144%." 
44; 
V 
if 
'Pe'i-:•,;" • - 
*4. 41114,!S"-. *•' 41' 1:4-11-' * 4,1R•g 
bereak-ine.e.~
3/44c 
k 
e 
' s. 
its.."'%•••;*•-• 'as. • spirrs‘a%••1/4 
-‘ "'t --••• 
. 1~(4)$#~
,narefli 
< 
%kb. 
a././
44%agbab
il
illte<bnbillf~
.44 
1,+-1» ,?%-'4,r
t .44r-a 
, r1
• 
#4,4*~,b4:0114.14; 'War °I.Strif*-~ei43‘ 
414~. 
~liglip4wW4:4Wka amigh$4 *Ills.-Ilttetwnha 44% Jiir49",44‘,?..~* 
Amullx*-L-
...ea ins ili, weip~:~44.~~a• set:~ 4;a•lisik4; 
Sh4. lt`a-P4a ~lits","",
1`41' grtbas~ 
sr.?". Sasibekk siSajit.
• 'V 
4al
i tt 
P.
61.  4~4.- 
14*•4111/411/1•111•24.4. 
14- ‘",
~
414
/ 9
/ l itk
‘ 4
491".
' 
;goo 
\WI". -arg" 
EFTA01134205

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134206.pdf
----------------------------------------
I llall~
., 
_ .. 
- • .0 
- 
.....e..~~.• 
r
e
ar 
............... 
,, .. 
•I - 
•• • 
- . 
. 
•••••••••••••••IS 
. 
11, 
• 
- 
.•••••••••~ 
....~...~....• 
- ass.= 
ass 
...as 
- ' 
• 
• • 
• . 
. 
•• . 
~ 
al 
..
r
il.. .7 
eSSOVO
eeee•aftftellai" 
. ,, 
is  s 
- 
--• 
. 
- 
, 
.. 
• 
. 
-. 
../ 
Ilelleir 
............... .....~. 
• 
_ ... • - 
. . , ••• 
•
b • 
• 
- -• "4 
IS sa 
• s' 
.` ••• 
...• is 
• - 
- 
Ss .I. 
~la 
- 
- ' 
I, 
 , k 
• 
- 
kw - . 
•
• 
" ... 
'' 
~.
. 
• 
•. .. St • b.. •• 
- s 
• 
•••• 
- - 
• 
et 
. :.". 
'tear.-
 ••• 
.:•
==litt
ii~...~1~~~~- 
~~.~~~ 
- 
../4~
-taies
-
, •~4•••••••••••••• 
~~, 
•••• 
iiir 
4•••.-
4~ 
~Is 
•• - a ' - aft.' 
• 
• ~S. 
- 
•• 
~ 
sa • . 
• 
• 
...is is. 
.. I•• 
i 
41,6„ 
....
V
a
..
.~.~~a" 
. s. 
-~~.~~
4.
• 
.••• 
• 
ea' 
. 
- 
amanssag~
i asease
.saft~ft
. ...
e..
s........
..~e,.
.~.."Tt:"""e"a
""a"
..ss..~-
"^ 
se 
•Gss 
as es 
. an.« 
.*-.~.- 
.41~~ 
sr~~~~ 
ade•T. 
-1 
t  ' 
-
t.e
.
' 
. 
. __,.., 
, ... ,,,,,,r, 
..r
.4 . 7 
,.,'S :„ 
~
 ... 
r: 
..: 
' ' 
-~
: 
ale 
a 
a . i 1 41 I I a 
d". 
i I a 
I 1~. 
elialicr 
aleallaC 
sii ...-4~~~..~. 
' .••• 
ij. k . 
a Sk• • - 
rr- 
..e..____ --......searsesse.  
aes..............,......a 
ac 
, .  
. 
... , . . 
. 
. ... , 
.. 
lit 
••• 
s i 
•••• 
• Visas. 
k • 
• 
"a 
". 
• 
' 
a
•• • 
=se . 
• ..1. 
.. s ifts 
• 
. - - •-• 
s 
. 
. 
• . •• S 
. I INIC
.....t... 
• .••• 
.••• 
• ~.4
,
• •. . 
.,... 
• - • 
a 
. 
A
,  'ma --••• 
• i 
..s _sit, 
• 
k 
a Y.. 
•.~.~~011~ 
al» 
s ••••• 
i4a 
e
..2Zaseessaineas
Va. 
. enagginir 
..-
.dal~4~~~•••~00a 
. 
....~...~~~~••••••••••••••• 
„„...„. ~Ili 
' - 
4. ' 
t
N .". 
• •• N - 
Nil. ' 
, 
-.. 
- 
N., ". -•.••• 
' 
s '' • 
..44‘ssi• 
... 
- 
- 
••••• 
•- 
.~.• 
.S., 
. s  
• k • • ... ... • 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
. • ~lb 
a iftenb• 
~PO 
• 
4....". 
a 
a
- 41w.* 
• 
•-• 
. - •••• , • ~ieb• 
• 
• 
• 
I°.,fre 
rep 
• ik 
• 
.. 
~~
~
011~~~
.
404.1alib 
~WS 
alrailb•41.491111~•• 
• 
••••
a•
dlia~~
ft ..~ ~~. -77
.,
,.. 
sm."••
, •••••• ••••••
••• •• ~•••••••s,
Slesek••••••••••••.~~. 
~IS. 
~era 
... ~..e.
.. 14~~"Iiimib~
~
, ess••••••••••
,......
: 
ovialSle."•
••••
.. 41* ... ....• 
• • .• ........ 
• nia.,~..., 
INNISISSISe
ss 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
air...;;
;:r
....~.~
.~....~.~
.~~ 
•• 
•••••........~.~.~ 
Ø..„. ,•••••••••••' 
,.• •~
law 
•••••-.~..... 
_ ii•-. - •iia is  i s * 
•is  • , 
• 
. • ,s.....~~ 
M. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
. 
• 
Sai-11~•~Inare4f/~ 
.„._ 
_, 
e
ja"ya 
~S.- 
..111~Insais 
,..~. 
an... 
s. 
W4~ 
,I,J....- 
ii,lk 
"--.1".. 
".." 
N., - siiii. • ..... 
-. N ... 
_iii.-a
.  Nia iliam.~ 
.b. - 
.4"~"...~
~~ 
rise 
... ....SS* 
411~ 
••••~1~ 
alb 
••••~.~-... 
hat
.II, ear 
W•JNIIII~P~, 
••••••••~, 
is.. 
s e. 
Ai...4k 
•-- 
-. 
IV. ~0. 
~le 
as
,  -.Vas 
, ~Ye 
.,~..... 
~.~...~. 
•••• 
- ft ". 
- ••• - 
• 
11~ 
•IS ~na 
~MID. 
,.....“.... 
ABA 
tab
.'
•••••••••••••, 
••,••••••.•-• 
a 
. ••••~••••• 
, 
- 
• 
•ms • . • 
• 
• i• - - 
. 
„awe 
~sae, 
a 
•••• 
,.,,,.. 
le••• •••~
~•^•~
~•~1^ 
e 
, 
•••••••••••••••“•- 
~is 
.4 ,  ••••• 
.. 4 .. 
S --•-..-••
•,..- 
act 
-,,,..„ Vs 
••••••••=- 
- -•••••- 
•••••• 
•••••■••••••••
•••-•=
ii.ac 
- •••••
• •• •••••
••• • ~
• ~
61•1•0
ft-~~~~~
•lar
s
a
.~.....ni.
••••••• 
~ 
•••~.•• 
...ak. 
allm• I.` ,  •••••. 
• • • 
WSW 
„:freessasab•• ii- • •••••~ 
Sadia.... 
se 
- 
r 
"Nms- a 
_~ 
asersirma 
-~,- .~ 
~~~~~~a 
iihwi.... 
-2: 2
- ."
-"
;F
eNININ
-►
a  ar
did."~"..
"."4.11 
~Ai= 
...-r
ilir 
:::
•-r
e  I b ... 
_air 'IV 
^~-4e 
.111~~~. 
-dial~.~.~
. ~.. 
a 
••••••••.^,• 
-~* 
-S•••••
••• assees~ 
-.as, 
• aa,,i.sa 
. 
••••••••••~•~•~1$4. 
,s> 
....." 
...i" 
:as.•••••••~11•••• 
t
e•
es"
er 
....C~S...~.~1 
. 
....• 
'' . ....=i 
ri:t 
. 4•11
11~ ~am 
gile. ,•••• 
.... 
• 
sli. 
di... 
•••••.s••• 
s 
7080= 
-.. aft~~
0a
...-  
~~~~ 
S
IM.  
- 4 111.~: 
ail!~ 
Yea 
ilirs 
..~- 
•••• 
• , 
as eat 
-...aa••••••••••••
•
..."411."~"....~..
•••••••~4~
Is e
ss.4 • •
401~~e. 
•I•••11shas 
• gek, 
. 
... 
.- - • • ~
-16~
4*  S INSW
4..SelseSPW
• S 
"s• 
„•••••••••••• 
---- - 
-••• sisa•aniesipa" •••••••••• 
,•••••••••~ 
a••=1~1~11~ 
••••~4~•••• 
-...•••••••••••••, 
•••••~••••
4~ 
. 
athaille~~•~S• 
•SOMOSS~~~
4~1
~~
~
4....~.^~~
~
~
1.-~sts_
. 
.••••. • 
.••••••••• 
• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••~ 
~peer 
«nat., 
...
.1~11
1~Pap
e
eilliSe 
410
Mai 
I 
ale,. 
••••••~.. 
••••••• 
~a, 
Siiiii 
11.. 
kila 
•••••••~1.. 
~ 
~AV> 
lia~~.....~ 
~~~~~~ 
.....• 
ta.- ~14. 
• ~a 
a41•~1~.~ftftft 
• ••..S~ 
~ 
sY 
• •• email 
••••••~.•••• 
, • 
!S.` %AS • •Sev. 
•••••.,~411aSset 
la - 
.1 ••• •• 
- .....~... 
qr. ,..... 
• •...4, •• 
• 
Wal• ••••••••••• 
‘•• •••••••••••••••••••••--
40,,, ii,„..~,, 
, 
ib.•-••. 
•••• 'le 
-.V `944~1~•~•~Illit 
• 
- 
SISIMS.."~laa 
, .....414~~~. 
.•-•••••••~S
••••••
• ~
-.., 
jåswab
,.. •••••••••• 
WAS 
•84 
as N•• \gag., 
- 1 
i 
...ISIPSIMealienalikl
. 
i  irsaaisi
4a= .4 +41••••••r
a~
l ebr~
d~
i~~~„ti
: 
• • afta 
~SWIMS**. 
~•~•~, 
• ~••••••••aft~ 
• Ilas• 
last 
as 
•••• ~4. 
~~ 
~SS. 
ft il.~44 
44~ 
aftba 
• ift~~~~~~.~1 
aft. 
AS
1~41~
01.4  ....~...••••• 
_ „ aide.•asabilS• 
esSeaseallhosalet_ 
.•-•~1~~•~4
011~~„. 
, ....~.••••••.••• 
S 
a% 
a
lsb.z
.....
•••••••
••
sis
-. .,... 
411....~..t."
4":=7
.
-~"a
rs.~...aill"..."'"*.taline
~.~
~4~~~~ .. 
4~ 
•IIII..
:
 di.
... 
4.•••••••••••~S~.~.~-
aelille
.41 a~
14110~
. •••
••
aalleada"
:
:"-  
. 
•••••••••••~•~Pese 
• 
_.•:•=•••••••••••
'«^~~.~•••--
sall•••••
•  • 
•••- .:: ..
,Z
....
•• .......
,•••••
• r
-
dania
.,..„
4".........
-  1.••• 
1~~.~.
~~~~1~
~~~~~.~.~
...~.4.~..upail 
,iir
 / 
a••••4~ 
.....,",~,*•••~
21•••••••••••ile• 
4/41. se.. 
......~
..-n
s.~4~~.~.....
...~7
-- 4•-•••••••••••
•  ....erirSpaSseasaøs 
•......„
............, 
• 
aseablSail•Saillwhan,
‘  .., 
•••••~-- 
s•••••4 
_ 
.......
e
•••••
••••~••••
 "
1' 
.~~ 
'a.. 
• 
IS 
.14..4~ 
•••• 
• . ~a 
,~1.4.••••••~S~ 
~N... 
- S. SISS~4...•.~.~ 
..... 
4 /M ~Say*** 
Milii~ 
et, 
,••••••••••1", 
, 
91141••• • alais 4. 141...~..a. 
i 
apepassa.~.~1 
•40~.~
.0~~ 
wireste:!: 
...I 
„••••
• ••••
• ••~1••
• •• •• 
a 
. 
•  
...ASK •••••- 
••••••••••••••••~, 
•••••••••••••~•••:
~
~
4~~~
.......~...~~
~lb 
- 
•SIS~ 
•••., 
••••••••••-•~Sebef 
,•••••••••••", 
nasesaas- 
..44~ 
.4~,INI,~•••••••••~4,„ 
.4•1~
11.~
41~~ 
. 
•••• 
-•••••~•• 
s. - • •••••••• 
••••••• 
, 
..a... 
~ 
1/4 .' 0 .~...
14,44 ~~ 
•••••• 
~SS\ 
..." 
.• ~•~..4"•••
••• ••• •••••~
1..
.
t
ai re• se
r  
44.
40~
~~as
s414444,,
ing 
,~•~1~•
• • •
-.IMO 
Sal 
,•••••• 
••••••~S", 
4••  41~~41.11bapalt 
111•••••••~
4~.. 
"'PS ...••••••••••• 
.". •ftft~ 
a teis 
~4. 
•••••~~.. 
~4~04' 
••~4.•-• 
- 
.... ,, •IdLe 
\lit 
. 
„•.•••• 
- • 
' 
• • ••• -••••• •••••• 
eabasesil 
•IS ,  W.V..- 
, 
rie.a.s.•••••- 
••••••••••• 
~SF 
• - 
••••••••••,.. 
alad•a•~•••••••••••••••••• 
., 
S 
.....• 
••••• 
• 
• WS. 
-.eh 
~fr.'s
,  4,,..••kW 
a- 
.....~.~ 
~Sr 
as 
41••  esell•
•- ••••~
• ~
••••
~••••••0
1~ 
, 
$
4••••
•• ••••••••,„ 
...., 
L. • •••••• 
iiPS aril* 
ilallY•Mila....., 
a. 
„„ 
s••
••••
• •••••••• 
....S
•  •••••••••••••~4~••••~•- 
-~•••••••••
.„ ., •,••••• 
41~••••••••••••~ 
•• •• •••••••••••••••••••, 
-Seals•••••••••••&•••
"4"~a"..r 
••••••••••••
••••~7r••••;~•~1.............. 
, •••••.~....~~a•
• •••• • •~•••flies 
.. 
I' W. 
...ft 
sh. 
• 
a. 
OSSI~
'ZIL 
• Jr
 r"•••
"7-•••
 1., 
. 7....~..~.~....a....^.4" 4 tiorirri ._.. 
....resS01~••••••••"~"n-- 
...,.... 
, 
_ 
••••••••• 
• 
•• 
, _,„ _,• 4 •11, •••-••••• 
s s -~••••• 
Shaaaawues•••• 
-•-••-• 
••• 
...own, ..... - ~ 
i s. 
• 
„IS 
es••
••••••rabara0404
~
1~•
"••••••••••
••••• •••
„~issaar
••••••• 
••••••••••, 
. •••••• b 
yid.** 
••••.~ 
`4•••• •• 
••••"•••• 
a
 - 
. 
. 21~
 Wa s  ••••••‘•../4•••••••••••••••~ 
-4~.•-•••••••,„„ 
„ate.•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••~.~.••••••••••„„ 
- • ••••••••••••••‘ 
••••••••..å, 
,.. 
. ap, ..• 
i  
adis.
.~
. ~....
.....~. 
, 
~•••••••• 
aleø...~..~~~~~ 
..~~.-.~••••• 
ish. .. 
as
s . 
.116~4~~~~~~d~~... 
. - -.~1•
1• 441. sa•
• • '10~••••••••~4
.  
. 
,,-.~4••••••~4b.. 
ail."~"Sri- 
rille 
ar
t ' 
. 
NJ"... 
. 
4••~1~••••••••-•••••••••••••a, 
• 
.............= 
.,4~3' 
"12:M..~~-••sh.s.e......~....~ ...».~..,. 
..... a, .r 
allikt
s
r
.....  
-"N... 1 I r ell= r 
. 
- ValeSt
iii
iiihr
e 
I I I 1 ...landir 
..1.~1~.~.~~kall
iMI sr
~a.. 
,•'' 
- ••• • Ai••••
•••
• 
att.. 
• 
- - • 
.., 
• 
- 
Mlia•Sbia. 
~Mt 
~la 
. 
-.~•••••••SS 
' VI,~ 
‘ a 
•••a* 
~ekes.
- 
• 
en- 
„,..~..P_saasa.a.e.-110eb-imdlisa.:~4....
~~
, e asikkees
a' 
t
a rli....."...
 . _. 
- . s ., 
.....--
ja
aniagema
ra.. 
__.411
:~
"~".fea
..  SOS 
St ~Ø.:0=~1~.~~~••••~; 
, 
Va• •••~11.
 a'•  • 
, .4.11.~4~ 
»~~1~ 
. ...a. 
way. 
. es, 
~Sal. 
' 
...-...4", 
fast.- 
•ii•••••••• 
s 
.4a..~....4.• 
t., 
JII••••.....„,. 
1,,,•~•~••••11.• 
••••••~1••••••••~.••••••••-......- 
-
it.s. 
•41... 
- ..." 
Is• ••••••-••••••••••••••••••••,,,.. 
i „,,.....~•••••••••••••••••.-amb~as 
.A.1.~ 
•IkS 
mail• •••••~•~
,  • ••••••• 
, 
.-~MI•k 
,, _ - INS 
' et 
*SS 
,- , • 1 
,P144".~~114.4"314~4. 
art. ~1~ 
~Ow. 
• ..••••••••••••••~, 
••••*•••••~•••re 
yip 
- 
.••••••~".
• ~•~S
is ••••••••~Selesiir....! 
4•••••••••••~ 
røss•••••ae 
..se 
~h
a
.. 
•••••••••~•••••• 
••••••••••••••••a" 
_ 
~lb.. 
a 
"a- • 
.14 S• • S., %Mk, 
1.••••••••~•~•••••••Sami•iblii•••••~› 
...airs 
. ..» be 
bakaras. .,,, 
-..... earliwirarras 
...a 4o~ 
ji~e~resar 
" 
,ASS~ 
al, 
~-1.~~••••••• 
.~.. 
~.~....~~~1.••••••••••~•~••••~1~ 
.....• 
taitSwks4 
. •.11•..Wi... 
• 
NW". 
••••••••••••• 
Shla~.1,.• 
•111~4~ 
•••••04•
,, 
--4
1~
• ~M
l n
ie .. ,,, 
s 
i•~II•11~4~...•~4~. 
a  
' 
„. 
• 
111111a•Sia.,.. 
.....01~~
-~4~1a, 
......ban" 
" 
4.144.nannillakt. 
..... 
-••lh•alaNa•Sib~s
n 's 
> *SY 
•••••41~.• 
We 
, 
,..••••••••••••~•~••• 
.„ 
••••••••~••• 
ala4~~~~ 
so~da- 
~~~~•• 
06.• 
ii~.~..81
1 ......~.~4~•~10
.  ft-.ft - 
SiSSIIPI"
,/~. 
III/".... 
SIMI 
rg• 
....~.~•~
..~ 
•Sa 
• ibi ,. 
NaNarearia •S lInal••
• ' WILMS , 
.~..........~ ....~......^......a.--- 
ses....~.~.--4.4.a.a. 
aissales"1".~.~."."~
s~ses 
a...a. ..........e....rrs 
- 
. 
.........~.~.
414~". 
• 
4.....~.~1.~~4~4~44f 
, ~4.~ 
4.~........4.44~.~......-
,
. ....rms.- , ..‘4•&- • 444~ 
.. • sib ley 
.1.s.~..4........~... *ma 
sorb 
. r II, 
• 
. 4,,.....~.••••••~•~1.-__. 
.4.•”~".."pal.~.4~
, ===~
~...
f
."
...mi. se .~~s~.
 ....~ardll- 
Tans.•••••••i7s.:72.:~2 
..,..., 
• 
•••••••••
,~•
••••••
- ~se. 
,...•••• 
e 
- --
, 
. i,~wys 
. -• • .11~4100••••••
1/4
..~1/4/P4S4••••••b~ 
`41• 
• Ilse 
..••••a•••••••••••.•~• 
• •••• 
i
,••••••• 
• ••• 
a 
IIISS4P
1~ 
-Ma. 
-tabtk......- ,‘ ,.•.111~114.4 SI 
.4.4 40re
s.
.....
.
..Lam~ S~
S es tma~
.-
~...
.. 
Ns. 
•••••••••••••~ 
• 
4".••••••• 
ea% lira • .....~•• Nwark_ 
-r- 
..rmallaarmararapeass 
.. 
•• 
i 4 
• - • 
• 
• 
••• •••• 
•~VOIfte
...-
4.eis~ii,
1~ 
• 
• fti • 
. • .......~ 
al~ 
- • • 
4.~ 
`lb 
a • 
Wilan "
bareateedeC
al."
• 
a
fti..e
a
aie..e
euusse.i..rsa~~
.•
•Serftft
.
.........
.. ~~
, 11;:f1 
ass••••••••• 
•••• 
a -at ,. 
W 
Sa.46- 
• 4-•••••••••-•' 
••••;,•-a 
• •;a:••••
•: ~•~;•••••,:ik. 
e•••• ••••••••••••• 
~gar 
•Ile~~4~,•••. 
_ 
ass 
sr.*•4 
• 
- a 
....I. •••••••••••••• 
sisal 
•••••••• 
4••• 
••• 
såLs.•.~.-~S. 
~we, 
•Vil•‘.1.1~ 
•1••••~••,
•
•••~••••~"Salhb~.~.41 
era 
•••---.~~•••••~ 
ea. 
Ile+ 
"Ss 
3/4 .åk•
S
a 1
~.~41~4~S 
'it 
» at  li~aviS
• 11 
- •••
easip~,•.‘ 
~~-~, 
abs• ' %mar  
~Ma." 
at, 
, ar. 
••••• 
4110•••••~1 
1•••~••• 
.-~49...44•••••-
,•~•~~ 
••• •••• ••
•• 11..4~••••••• 
'S.M.\ 
• 
~as aeae. 
eiralhaallw r-14
~bars,
Sr. 
• ••••• •••••
•• • • 4 
rien~" 
Nia"‹..."44
.  
 "ftr
C.."C; 
al"  '"a
ll ainiaNN"aalia*"
,
> 4 ~ 
•••••tb•••••,,as 
-•••••••••••• 
..p"
••••~•••••,.s...../ 
1. . ‘ „,••••••~•~•~.
1.1.4a 
Wit,* 
.• ~•~4 
a- 
• •••••• • ••••..~
‘Al"  
•••••• 
ISOO..~ 
1.1%. , •••• 
a ba••
•  ••••~ 
^se. 
k
•••••••
 j•  ••••••• 
~~•••••••~~e
•
rtr
d a
si•••••~1.-.4~.....
.... 
_....•••••• 
~a
s  
4.4~~. 
• ~a
s sea 
.8~1
1~1.
1 
.ftalk~~~S~.~:t.:dir 
• a
d'•, 
4.~....~...~~.^ 
aiMiss.isitiT2 
/110.~.1 
eipiss.~~.~.~...~•~
414e- 
••• 
ss•••••~1.1.
^11 
er•11.~~•~•~1•4~~~,.., 
•~
• 4• • • ~9~•~••••••. 
- • 
a-
••••••••••. »•41a
•••••••••-t- 
-••••••.~.. 
Is " -••• 4
111~~
Nesi~all~~
 •••••' 
"
I 
- ~-~"".~.~
. 
~".4.1~
,.. 4
s~...
~
Z. 
••••••••••••14...~•••a 
'49.0~~ 
.1 4.~.~.~.• 
•4.‘"Satata 
~t
ie
"s' 
"ra.-
••••-••••- 
- 
ar•-••••••••~•••••••
•••••••• 
-"•••••1•••••••••a-
~.."...~.~1~~~.44~4.sasaabs...sas-rsi sbates.~.-_,
---
__
__._r_
.."~".~.~.4"•saL.; 
'a-
 T 
441~•~149K 
. 
'4,
'
,
..». 
' 
•••••4•••••..41bslib•* 
- 
• • ••~•~4
11._ L';-• -;•••••••b•dia••••••••••4~~4~0b,~~,." 
sil•A~lia4Ø~LaSi- 
VaftASIISS 
Vgit
ift ~~61~~1/1 
' 
> ~4~4~ 
SO~~..~41,4~~
~~~~i 
iol~/~... 
As. 1......~~:',
...e. ,•.~.~silmote 
~s oy, ...... 
 ,..!
ehayiseit 
i,;(;.»~~1~~119~ 
ir\
' 
\. , vambir
,h~,bk,40...,
 .. 
, ,' 
, 
a ».- 
iiir:". 
4"..1.4~
, 
4,,..••••••••.."- 
~a* 
s 
.:::r
a"bae
"~a*"ba~
-~S-
• aair 
-L
...:."...~ 
ereireart' 
- 
: 
a
 ' 
a"....."
•••.4~44•P•in~•••44~1.~•••~Sta: 
..Zet•••••••••••• 
-`~.1••••••14~ 
• b'I 
-
... • • • • li b  
-- ' • •
••., 
," ..11~3/448»a• 
....-~~wbarp•sidi. 
•e• It...3a ••••ime„..-
. ~we 
-saw., a -~.......resrue•• 
.•,~~-~,«,...;. 
-..aeva...~.-•41•-ilimP 
- ~,
i 
- 
. - gillipaaNrerash.ara.~~ J.. era 
- 'W....a 1••••••L-MiliStrl•1~N~ 
Jr~a•••••••• 
asArs.-......-,,  
...am.'" _...,_ _Jr...mear...a....~aare~".. 
........~.....~:.4 
. -;. 
, 
i..
- 4....a.............44,
:: 
444.....~
H~
4.••••••~... 
aa....it_
. -
r4S4s.4.
-s•.s...4n~L...:4i, 
ses.s.141
.
__ .. irasi.. sa~ 
...~.~1. 
Pgliii."~"." 
r'.." 
'r 
4~......'~ 
.-~•••••Saws. 
sift 
""fiall 
." . '''i .
..7,- 
,.-•".~"" 
- •••• 
-...."...~~".~" 
a', , 
" fr_.-.....-- • 
•-•-• 4,.....sc..rib-a
s 
.6~, 
_ Å 
ipr4 kis,,ssimibsahmi~^ 
j..4 i:iire=‘.,...., 
l 
.ril*S.S.".1~~.~•~C. 
.s ,  J
ift. "j,L~Z
.n
.•  d,;>. 
~.~~.1b~•~~%, 
~•••••.!r.,,• 
- 
„isanii
.  a . ,  ." C
. ..1.4
.b.-~.~...~4~- 
~~~11.QIC 
A.
pr
!1.,t_,, 
, 
,s~a~a•aaSt‘ 
iiiiien...4.~ 
.4 
r~a...."S•S•••• 
•••••••••
•
•-• se- • •••••-•~ ---4- ' 
"-~ -4.-~-~"" -s"-~E S.C 4
. 
- 
.. _ 
_
t
4/7 
..•• 
-.~..
- 
• 
...."~"...".
N."^.....
.., 
. 
r 
- 
p=
rn 
,~Yak: 
- ---Tn.
SIO.S
t
als‘tie‘ L iCI
I" .""P
"..
,i
___,_____ 
' -.~.~.~~ 
i 
s  4,...cric4 _ 
as...r, 
..4,•-•_~.. aneb_a..^.-...e..~:.... 
iir. 
!ft~ftftft
,..».  
Sft.••••••• 
41.
- ~
I nt
iae..
,. .......arry
-
 .- ihek•-»..•••••Psib>••••~-~ '.?"" 
"‘ 
• : 4   r 
cassi ...b 
' 
: : j,te,* 
. .p.;--~ allsal
.-s-as-~L.L; 
ii i[ohk_ ,
-,•..7••-•%-4-46A4...J,IPit....~•~
.1"r~i 
.••: -.• ' 
S.s.'" . 
,i 
.. se.. .....,,,..a .„...., s#4....... ,....,  
 . .....___...... ae.a.. _,.........~~ a 
_ mrpiii
it„..i
. s_ss.maa
r 
..t.i
i ,.....1//
•••• 
ea reers..",...4~
- a 4 
-se
s..: - . -N. - e• -•,...."~ir 
~ea
swire,s 4p.~
.~..r,„ 
-an 
..„~4.......i....«~e...b....~,~4.4.............b......-4..a._ 
.,,. ,,v , 
,_, ..,,,,_~. ss.s.~..a. 
- 4i.. -.4.....-s„........,~ .-....::::Zt
i dr., .. ...1.-....~ 
ft es~4~fta•~1•~4~sa 
-- 10~~ 
IlLsftbs 
,.dlisk Sis• 
•ilt•in.~.-am 
%an 
•,•)• 
as 
N••~•~ 
ain 
•~1.••••••411~~4.....
~ ~~/.41as•i" 
• •..-• ...-~~1~ 
81~"....~6~-- 
-4-.4.4..~..41-.4.~•~.~.~. 
"............44..- sassysa,...4a ~mina ...år.... __ ..,. ........„, 
Saisp
4s 444/444.~.~4
1..~....~..... 
..., ,....~......~.,‘,..,... 
si.,.‘...„,b„..~~~. 
4....." _, , , ..d......~414.4..
.~...e......"..4,4~~...
--tar.- 
ilsdr....~.......4sessa
ft.a......, 
_i. , %.
11414~•~4.-~ 
441444_ -* _.,:lbalh. es.4.....414411441s. 411..~.~...
4.4 Q4"44.....~-4441k , .... -.4..........4ww ••••••,.~...aiii...~.~ 
•4".....~...sri 
...... „as..., 
_~.~....~...okikii.„,..ssat 
aiii.esait 
i
p.  
.0.~.
inSai
Mirry~:^ 
ithwalaser~e~lbs 
- 
r.,~
4•41.14...a~~eink 
jir •••0644~,~_.
4. 
"firlhe
r
~;.~~~.~.~...~4~.~~~41t: 
...1r...••• - •.• elk
 44. 4
e4.........4~~.............he_ammy 
4.", 
. 
raw,„ w...ii.~~.., 
-"•••••-simk# 
' 
' 
--„0:: _,e,..~
. aadisesta .e...4",~ 4.~.....4-44 ', _ 
..... ........~...~.~...a............."..... 
s.-.."" "-a" 
. . 
.. 
,.... ...0.1~.14/4» Adrill 
••••~ •~1"/"S
liaa• 
. 
,,: fr ima
r . e... 4.e
.
..§~~..e,lairir..~
-nl‘ . .•: - • 
'''."'ll••••••••••••~~~-~lakamilb~,a.".L: 
tai, _ me ak....~~sai
- - 4- --
Lidiabsteekesii.. wit asept .,, 
irj,„..masksjes~~,~cis.....,,,eyr 
, ''....i
e•arase ~wire 
gliklara 
--,~; __I isiraa.r.mra",-4.4
,~........ 
.-_ F.-~haa.....yris
I...a
ime~i~eashm„
›  
."-~"
...ias. ~4.
 . , 4)00........i...s4a...~4,,..s........L.ant..
..-411-4"1~1~" 
' 
"an".1""'"e
lbse-A~: 
. 
•
, 
im..-~
a*
.....~4...re• 
....~.~ 
. - 
' 
msbekamdmpraa~~4k,. 
. ,,
' ' -4; 
ri....__.,. j . k..._
,.._._,.....ni.,...‘4,..~"r--
,a.
. 
'"i'Sank
ilir
".1,;•t"ri --'- '1~.1ffirs--
:".."1"1.14~111~111"~".~.
--"'"^".~
-4~4" 
 :- 
.. --. 
11~~,. 
.stem 
1.14~1~111.~4. 
""1/ 
t4.44.4it - ., ..i., 
>a •••••444.4"..4..~.~.~ 
. 
.,. ..„.,..a . ....
....s.a.a....,,kiai.
...,..~. 
. '- 
C
....ge
-l. .-2: 4 
ii.,..~.
.;, . . ...‘..6 
. ;,i .. ....,y....."#~~..".- 
.6 •,-". 
•arna 
 , .......,..
]t'.  - --.1-  ' ' _;,..- ~..~-al-s--
 - - 
-
--r~~~~~
41.~.~......
:Iish.~....1'
..~
'... )i' ' 1t-..^  if '11~~11."1".
r-  ei~ ~".".".~..."..~.~ 
.~1.""ir ,-.L }I'..
. -Ii‘--- - 
. 
.....~~"..". 
• 
. 
--',.art  dil.
.
4§~,ib_.. ~II 
reriabreseark , 
4L .0"~"petritimaper:; 
• 
ja4.4~.
- 
‘ 
r
 rs...a'.. 
a.a.Paricaari, 
... 4‘.2ras
-~fr
i i
iL.At....,
elart.( 
.- - 
"ewe 
"Iedat 
' • 
JpreiV 
• • 
%,,
4,
ainhatia~
etia,4 
- 
•••-x*.44.41.~,~1.4~4 . ' 
-"Lier-~1.14: 
"It 
;•• 
r
»...
......
e.''
' - 
a
a  " 
- 4 
; P.
 -sar  
1NL  . 
~~allsre
“..
 s  : 
TT. 
,.pLargapairts
iseinet~ime:
-  
amp ,,
, C 
•-
.1,0~ada
tiAlf).:~~...4,...~.44,"..‘r_aiii
),.~, 
tr
..• •• •/ •••allse
s~ 
% 
11.~.11 
li
t i . .a.S
.
.
4.1.  
-. 
~......... 
dill.4 -•*‘?" 
..4"«.%••••• 
, ^- r
► 
"«.•-•°‘
,-. 
,................., 
b. 
. 
.....,-.......... ,....,,,; ,...........
.....ed..,,;:jr.._ ,
...±7".:1/4-, el~ 
• 
....i.  
. 
. 
aka, wh,lis....~..~.
,.....0.41p
, 
1,;4.,
."-^4.4
gpii...~, 
..t, 
.~..~.......d., 
Lat:-..
. •.......,s,....~ 
• -1*.d.........,.. si... 4........rin_,H 
. _,-- : r  
444› 
-.~.~«,~„,~4-4.-..-~.. 
ir se,..r-
'fir r
tik., ~
ve.,,,"j sha 
.........~",,b,~~ 
.1 0 .,. ii ',eta. 
t•Srl"tra.flasrilram."~aasen"albe- 
•••• ' ...:.t 
-erry" 
..era se"
I"rea 
'I"
- ri•ale 
. a .. _al....* I 0 a 
I • ~I Nay ,...4 i ssa arnraea 
•••••••••
, 
, 
•...„, 04..~ 
#4„.~.~....,.._~, ei".4.,, 
r~,,,s1~•~4••••••• 
&hasty" 
.....~paakaa.:, 
, 
. ".... 
a
 a
 iii
 ? di~
 . 
LIN;, 
TIY.
~1.0044~~~~.~•~S•It
e  
- 
,....•••••••••••••••••••••••~••• 
4.1~~ 
w 
..~..••• 
a, 
.. 
_,, .......„~„ 
••‘ 
ma 
a 
• ••••4•••••"~
"
nesillr. 
tall~pay~ 
, i:e~ilb 
1/2 4~~~.~1~1", 
.....",~
3/4
»inals~_. 
:. 
Negyarr,
,„+„„-a 
-, 
-•"4"~"...••••••••~`Issaa 
- - • 
sit %Se 
iellgrasdla• 
aba.M.•041.11~ 
aph••••.~.,.. 
..... 
, 4,7~~taiii~~4 
•b•al"..11114~ 
, 
,44.44~S• 
~ 
.*-e••••~41lis,sys‘iss~ 
• :a. 
.,,-->••~%••••Ø•1~14fr 
•••••••••••••~14111411~~.4. 
fi
ssesseate 
"•1101/0"11~101 
easelli.~. 
, 
f
.
L-4~41.~~"Sa
l3/4
1"
01,~14.#1•L 
• 
• 
' 
it ;..a.,~ 
amwmagisa~~~4, 
k r .....414i-- -' 11~-- .~~49--dule.-~ -I s ~lye "-- is"~d4. -~" a das ara•-•ds- a  awessas 
t 
1~eshreakees 
"
P"‘""1" 
slink 4. ••...a
. ,....A• 
b 
~
talk 
.4.1~~ 
4.••••• ,..„ 
_ "~",,,- 
ar-.43/4
,,÷„.~.~...agsr."..4.c.
s._ admi
,eire..-gel~e~s~amok 
ar
 .;isa"midwkat~1~~~~,4" f2:1»,.....pwrii...-
. _. 
.--see--Nr-s•--.~ ~ - ta.- " L. 4,‘,„:. 4,......~.....rairs......s...".....
. se-r.~.,,,saihma, 
abs.",~4, 
,:ii: -~
44, 
san 
~a
ir "ii.- ~
4~
11. e•ir-~immlia,~41~~ 
siv.14-, ...~«,...a.~.~...... 
isetra. 
•••• ...~
4,  
. 1) 
1P 
- 
..4~446 
PallbSi 
1.11~14 
O. 
- 
S 
4'
• 
-s 
....
a,
, 
- 
."1.44~11.""*. 
at
‘ 
- 
t'llia.~11~%4•41"."Psalebeei.~11~
...„..
'-, 
415_,•,..
.~.~Pli 
K
, 
. 
.... 
. tie A..4~ .9.4.4.......-. --.-..... iliss ••,..• 
al~.4....~ 
...t . ,. _ 
*i~. 
40, 
i 
ammailbss)s~~iiikasaak 
V IIP9 
.....„ 
.....4
4, 
ft.:fit . • 
"P~.~.
"4.
4.11C, :::.4.:
•• 4•••••~8~abeeStelft 
SOS 
ap. 
i r
• : 
~WfraealliMa.asiti"
«
. 
. .441SL
T:b."~
 ....".-'‘..' 
j 
. s
+•.....yjkaii,•••e dlealarailL 
. 7":^ 
44•1~1~
1•019"eili
• 
1.~.~.~~.~.~~1~~11 
ii. 74 I  )1~44.1400
....
_ 
41alhe.mtisSik 
i''' 
. • 
t-  -11 
-•- -.. t irs,.....4.4. 
# ... -~e-a.A.-4- eals-bl. 4.,.........si t - tir.1 ' _ s 4 silk 5
>AC:, 4;. dva-amed4P~ 
V 
' ...„,„ ,a
- 
i At.
. ,~n~..........„.. 
iesera".., ,, yiNårs."..., 
, 
- 
• 
ill
•Sda‘bat..
,  
' 
. 
' 4bbeeP. 
- 
• 7 t.1.
4.:~4.."" 
SlagagirLit14"«.4.....
-‘1"
 Ma .' .. V  ..~~11~44
SIM•a-ab- lat 4 4;4. : 
4.__
Ii- 
l irjk.~.~1.11.4~4.4
" .  
--s• We^ 
.:
La. ..- - 
 -.ea evakm..: #:',. -;illaS 
s
i
t.
, 
. 
,„___,,,n 
::,s;etrieriemb~...11~...~.44', 
4, 
• ......~. 
.... T''
f
i r , 
.,, '14ma -4(; .  k
iiii  i _., a-arise4r. 
4..4 2 
_,,N4- -a-
....eke 
_vas ..., 
;JP 
taNikiisaill 
- 
I. 
• 
•; 
4' 
.:~inilet
aibissmai
ie47
~~
~^
.thse~earnusit.1. 
tit
% r
. 'an 
~••••••••s 
mass -sr- 
- 
EFTA01134206

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134207.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134207

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134208.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: At the moment, the best way to 
Date: Wed, 07 Aug 2013 03:25:11 +0000 
Inline-Images: booknoise_stories.gi£ 
At the moment, the best way to communicate with another person on the information 
highway is to exchange electronic mail: to write a message on a computer and send it 
through the telephone lines into someone else's computer. In the future, people will send 
each other sound and pictures as well as text, and do it in real time, and improved 
technology will make it possible to have rich, human electronic exchanges, but at present 
E-mail is the closest thing we have to that. Even now, E-mail allows you to meet and 
communicate with people in a way that would be impossible on the phone, through the 
regular mail, or face to face, as I discovered while I was working on this story. Sitting at 
my computer one day, I realized that I could try to communicate with Bill Gates, the 
chairman and co-founder of the software giant Microsoft, on the information highway. 
At least, I could send E-mail to his electronic address, which is widely available, not tell 
anyone at Microsoft I was doing it, and sec what happened. I wrote: 
Dear Bill, 
I am the guy who is writing the article about you for The New Yorker. It occurs to 
me that we ought to be able to do some of the work through c-mail. Which raises 
this fascinating question--What kind of understanding of another person can e-
mail give you? ... 
You could begin by telling me what you think is unique about c-mail as a form of 
communication. 
John 
I hit "return," and the computer said, "mail sent." I walked out to the kitchen to get a 
drink of water and played with the cat for a while, then came back and sat at my 
computer. Thinking that I was probably wasting money, I nevertheless logged on again 
and entered my password. 
"You have mail," the computer said. 
I typed "get mail," and the computer got the following: 
From: Bill Gates Ok, let me know if you get this email. 
According to my computer, eighteen minutes had passed between the time I E-mailed 
Bill and he E-mailed me back. His message said: 
E-mail is a unique communication vehicle for a lot of reasons. However email is 
not a substitute for direct interaction.. . . 
There are people who I have corresponded with on email for months before 
actually meeting them--people at work and otherwise. If someone isn't saying 
something of interest its easier to not respond to their mail than it is not to answer 
the phone. In fact I give out my home phone number to almost no one but my 
email address is known very broadly. I am the only person who reads my email so 
no one has to worry about embarrassing themselves or going around people when 
they send a message. Our email is completely secure.... 
Email helps out with other types of communication. It allows you to exchange a 
lot of information in advance of a meeting and make the meeting far far more 
valuable.. . 
Email is not a good way to get mad at someone since you can't interact. You can 
send friendly messages very easily since those arc harder to misinterpret. 
EFTA01134208
--- PAGE 2 ---
We began to E-mail each other three or four times a week. I would have a question about 
something and say to myself, "I'm going to E-mail Bill about that," and I'd write him a 
message and get a one- or two-page message back within twenty-four hours, sometimes 
much sooner. At the beginning of our electronic relationship, I would wake up in the 
middle of the night and lie in bed wondering if I had E-mail from Bill. Generally, he 
seemed to write messages at night, sleep (maybe), then send them the next morning. We 
were intimate in a curious way, in the sense of being wired into each other's minds, but 
our contact was elaborately stylized, like ballroom dancing. 
In some ways, my E-mail relationship with Bill was like an ongoing, monthlong 
conversation, except that there was a pause after each response to think; it was like 
football players huddling up after each play. There was no beginning or end to Gates' 
messages--no time wasted on stuff like "Dear" and "Yours"--and I quickly corrected this 
etiquette breach in my own messages. Nor were there any fifth-grade-composition-book 
standards like "It may have come to your attention that" and "Looking forward to 
hearing from you." Social niceties arc not what Bill Gates is about. Good spelling is not 
what Bill Gates is about, either. He never signed his messages to me, but sometimes he 
put an "&" at the end, which, I learned, means "Write back" in E-mail language. After a 
while, he stopped putting the "&," but I wrote back anyway. He never addressed me by 
name. Instead of a letterhead, there was this: 
Sender: 
Received: from 
by dub-img-
(5.67/5.930129sam) id AA03768; Wed, 6 Oct 93 14:00:51 
-0400 Received: by 
(5.65/25-eel) id AA27745; Fri, 8 Oct 
10:56:01 -0700 Message-Id: <93 I0081756.AA27745® 
X-Msmail-Message-Id: 15305A55 X-Msmail-
Conversation-Id: 15305A55 From: Bill Gates To: 
For years after the telephone was invented, in 1876, people thought it was a device 
that would transmit news, drama, and music: the idea that the telephone was a way 
to talk to other people took about twenty years to sink in here, and about thirty 
years in Europe. Similarly, today one hears about shopping, banking, and renting 
movies on the information highway. These arc all possible ways of making money, 
of course, but the point of the information highway, it seems to me, is that it offers 
a new way of talking to other people. The trouble people have understanding this 
simple point is the same trouble people in the nineteenth century had 
understanding the telephone. 
Bill Gates, aged thirty-eight, is one of the richest men in the country--the richest in 
1992, and the second richest, after the investor Warren Buffett, in 1993, with a fortune of 
six billion one hundred and sixty million dollars, according to Forbes. Last March, when 
he announced his engagement to Melinda French, a twenty-nine-year-old manager at 
Microsoft, the news made the front page of the Wall Street Journal. Gates controls the 
computer industry to an extent matched by no other person in any other major industry. 
The Justice Department is currently trying to determine whether his control constitutes a 
monopoly. 
Microsoft now supplies eighty per cent of all the personal-computer operating-system 
software in the world--that is, the layer of software that translates your commands so that 
the computer can act on them--and fifty per cent of all the application software, which is 
the tools, like Microsoft Word (writing) and Excel (accounting), that run on top of the 
operating system. Microsoft uses its leverage in the operating-system market as a 
competitive advantage in the applications market--a practice that is not nice but is not 
necessarily illegal. "You could say, as I have said to Bill, that having achieved this much 
power you should turn your attention to being magnanimous," a rival software executive 
told me. "But Bill believes that now is not the time for statesmanship. Now is the time to 
conquer new foes, plunder new lands. He doesn't like being compared to John D. 
Rockefeller--he goes, 'Hey, I'm not a grasping monopolist, am I?'--but he doesn't know 
how to behave any other way. To hold war councils and to design strategies with the 
explicit aim of crushing an opponent--this is very American. You know, Mother Teresa is 
not going to build the broadband network of the future." 
EFTA01134209
--- PAGE 3 ---
Recently, the wife of a software developer was listening to her husband describe for me 
what it was like to be in the same industry as Bill Gates: he was saying, in a pained but 
stoical way, that maybe Gates didn't have to be quite so competitive now that he had 
achieved great power, and that it might be better for the computer industry as a whole if 
he behaved in a more benevolent way, when his wife interrupted and said to me, "No. 
You don't understand. We talk about Bill Gates every night at home. We think about Bill 
Gates all the time. It's like Bill Gates lives with us." This enveloping sense of Bill Gates 
is hard for someone outside the computer industry to fathom. To people who arc 
unfamiliar with computers, Gates is just a nerd, and if you try to get them to square the 
negative connotation of the word "nerd" with Gates' incredible success, and with the fact 
that, far from being on the margin of society, Gates is now in a position to determine 
what society is like, they're likely to say, "Well, I guess it really is the revenge of the 
nerds." Actually, Gates probably represents the end of the word "nerd" as we know it. 
But all Gates' influence and success are small potatoes compared with the influence he 
could have and with the opportunity that now lies before him. The computer, which in 
twenty-five years has evolved from a room-size mainframe into a laptop device, appears 
to be tuming into a new kind of machine. The new machine will be a communications 
device that connects people to the information highway. It will penetrate far beyond the 
fifteen per cent of American households that now own a computer, and it will control, or 
absorb, other communications machines now in people's homes--the phone, the fax, the 
television. It will sit in the living room, not in the study. The problem of getting people to 
feel comfortable with such a powerful machine will be partly solved by putting it inside 
one of the most unobtrusive objects in the house--the set-top convener, which is the 
featureless black box on top of a cable-connected TV set (the one the cat likes to sit on if 
the VCR is occupied). 
Gates would like to have his software inside that box. Microsoft's ambition is to supply 
the standard operating-system software for the information-highway machine, just as it 
now supplies the standard operating-system software, called Windows, for the personal 
computer. Microsoft has two billion dollars in cash, and no debt, and is spending a 
hundred million dollars a year developing software for the new machine, which is a lot 
more than anyone else is spending. The plan is first to supply the software that allows 
people to rent videos over the TV and makes home shopping more attractive, and then to 
use money from the video-rental and home-shopping businesses to pay for the 
development of the rest of the software. Therefore, Gates is now meeting with people 
like Mikc Ovitz and Barry Diller to discuss better ways of delivering their products into 
people's homes. "I actually requested a meeting with him," Ovitz told me last October. "I 
flew up to Seattle and we had dinner together and spent three or four hours just talking 
about the future." 
"Could you say specifically what you talked about?" 
"It was just very deep stuff about the future." 
"Well, for example, did you talk about information-highway software?" 
"It goes much deeper than that." 
At Microsoft's main office, in Redmond, a suburb of Seattle, I saw a demo of an early 
version of the company's operating software for the information-highway machine, in 
which the user points at the TV screen with a remote control, clicks onto icons, and 
selects from menus. I heard a lot about "intelligent agents," which will at first be 
animated characters that occasionally appear in the corner of your TV screen and inform 
you, for example, that President Aristide is on "Meet the Press," because they know 
you're interested in Haitian politics, but will eventually be out there on the information 
highway, filtering the torrent of information roaring along it, picking out books or 
articles or movies for you, or receiving messages from individuals. As the agents become 
steadily more intelligent, they will begin to replace more and more of the functions of 
human intelligent agents--stockbrokers, postal workers, travel agents, librarians, editors, 
reporters. While I was at Microsoft, I sometimes felt like prey. 
Gates' greatest disadvantage in this new market is that Microsoft doesn't own any wires 
into people's homes, nor does it have the computers installed to handle all the switching 
EFTA01134210
--- PAGE 4 ---
and billing that two-way communication requires. To solve this problem, Microsoft 
needs to make an alliance with a cable company or a telephone company, or both. 
Microsoft has an alliance with Intel Corporation, the world's leading manufacturer of 
microprocessors, and General Instrument, a maker of set-top converters, but it is not a 
very powerful alliance compared with Bell Atlantic's alliance with Tele-
Communications, Inc., the largest cable company in the United States, or with U S 
West's alliance with Timc Warner, the second-largest cable company. Gates is currently 
negotiating an alliance involving Timc Warner and Tele-Communications, Inc.--a kind of 
granddaddy of all alliances, which would have the power to set the standard for the 
information--highway machine. A major issue in the negotiations will be the extent to 
which Microsoft would own the software in the machine. Gates would like to retain the 
rights to the software; Gerald Levin, the C.E.O. of Time Warner, and John Malone, the 
C.E.O. of T.C.I., will not want to give Gates those rights. 
If Gates does succeed in providing the operating system for the new machine, he will 
have tremendous influence over the way people communicate with one another: he, more 
than anyone else, will determine what it is like to use the information highway. Another 
advantage Bill Gates has is that he already lives on the information highway. 
New employees at Microsoft arc likely to encounter Bill Gates electronically long before 
they meet him in person. Some get to thinking of him by his E-mail handle, which is 
"billg," rather than by his real name. You'll be chatting with a Microsoft employee in the 
employee's office, the computer will make a little belch or squeak, indicating an 
incoming piece of electronic mail, and it'll be E-mail from Bill. It is not unusual to hear a 
young employee say, "Hey, that's a good idea, I'm going to E-mail Bill about that." While 
I was attending a lunchtime cookout at Microsoft headquarters one day, I heard several 
people start conversations by asking about E-mail from Bill: "Did you get mail from Bill 
today?" "Did you see Bill's mail?" Bill and Melinda were in Africa at the time, touring 
the valley where the oldest human skeleton, Lucy, was discovered, but I had the sense 
that he was present, in the network, flying around the Microsoft campus and popping 
into peoples computers. 
The Microsoft campus looks like a college campus: there arc playing fields, and 
employees in T-shirts and jeans who aren't much older than college students. Nowhere 
on earth do more millionaires and billionaires go to work every day than do so here--
about twenty-two hundred of the fifteen thousand employees own at least a million 
dollars' worth of Microsoft stock--but the campus is in no respect worldly. Workers 
spend much of their day staring into large computer monitors and occasionally exploding 
into a rapid fingering of keys. Empty soda cans and cardboard latte cups collect on their 
desks. Designing software--or "writing code," as people in the trade say--is a sort of 
intellectual handiwork. Operating systems, the most monumental of all software 
constructions, arc like medieval cathedrals: thousands of laborers toil for years on small 
parts of them, each one working by hand, fashioning zeros and ones into patterns that 
control switches inside microprocessors, which constitute the brains of a computer. The 
platonic nature of software--it is invisible, weightless, and odorless; it doesn't exist in the 
physical world--determines much of the culture that surrounds it. At Microsoft, workers 
often describe each other as "smart" or "supersmart" or "one of the smartest people you'll 
meet around here," and it is almost an article of faith that Bill Gates, who co-founded the 
company with Paul Allen, a friend from his high-school days, in 1975, when he was 
nineteen years old, is the smartest person of all. 
"Bill is just smarter than everyone else," Mike Maples, an executive vice-president of 
Microsoft, says. "There arc probably more smart people per square foot right here than 
anywhere else in the world, but Bill is just smarter." 
Gates' office is exactly twice as large as the offices of junior employees, and his 
carpeting is a little richer than the carpeting in other offices; otherwise, there is nothing 
fancy about the place. A large monitor sits on his desk, and on the wall behind the desk 
are pictures from important moments in Gates' career, many of which coincide with 
important moments in the history of the personal computer. There arc also pictures of 
Gates' two sisters, and of his mother and father. (No picture of Melinda French is visible, 
partly because Gates wants to keep her job as normal as he can.) As in all the Microsoft 
offices, one rarely hears the sound of a ringing phone. The employees send a total of two 
EFTA01134211
--- PAGE 5 ---
hundred million E-mail messages to each other every month. (Over at McCaw Cellular 
Communications, another prominent high-tech company, whose headquarters is a few 
miles from Microsoft's, phones ring all the time, and everyone wears a beeper.) Gates 
spends at least two hours a day at his desk staring into his monitor, reading and writing 
E-mail. E-mail allows Gates to run the company in his head, in a sense. While he is 
working, he rocks. Whether he is in business meetings, on airplanes, or listening to a 
speech, his upper body rocks down to an almost forty-five-degree angle, rocks back up, 
rocks down again. His elbows arc often folded together, resting in his crotch. He rocks at 
different levels of intensity according to his mood. Sometimes people who arc in the 
meetings begin to rock with him. "I think it's just excess energy," Gates said to me about 
his rocking. "I should stop, but I haven't yet. They claim I started at an extremely young 
age. I had a rocking horse and they used to put me to sleep on my rocking horse, and I 
think that addicted me." 
Gates does not have the physical charisma of, say, Steve Jobs, the co-founder of Apple 
Computer. Like Lenin, Gates leads by sheer force of intellect. He looks like a teen-ager, 
but not because he actually looks younger than thirty-eight. In some ways, he looks 
older--a very old little boy. It is the oddly undeveloped quality in his pale, freckled face 
that makes him seem boyish. His hair is brown and is almost always uncombed. He has 
heavy lips, which contort into odd shapes when he talks. His characteristic pose when he 
is standing is pelvis pushed forward slightly, one ann wrapped around his body, the other 
arm occasionally going up into the air as he talks--kind of flying up, almost spastically, 
with the palm outstretched, then settling again somewhere on his chest. His voice is 
toneless, with a somewhat weary note of enthusiasm permanently etched into it, and his 
vocabulary is bland: "stuff is "cool," "neat," "crummy," "super," "supercool." 
When Gates was in his twenties, his mother color-coordinated his clothes--he had green 
days, beige days, blue days--and then the job was taken over by girlfriends, and now it 
will presumably fall to his wife, but so far no one has really handled the task 
successfully. "A lot of his friends have said, 'Bill, come on, let's go on a shopping spree, 
we'll buy you some clothes,' but it never works," Ann Winblad, who is now a highly 
respected venture capitalist in Silicon Valley, and was the woman in Bill's life for five 
years, told me. "Bill just doesn't think about clothes. And his hygiene is not good. And 
his glasses--how can he see out of them? But Bill's attitude is: I'm in this pure mind state, 
and clothes and hygiene arc last on the list." Esther Dyson, who edits a computer-
industry newletter called Release 1.0., says, "I'm told that within Microsoft certain 
people are allowed to take Bill's glasses off and wipe them, but I've never done it. You 
know, it's like--'Don't try this at home.' " 
Gates is famously confrontational. If he strongly disagrees with what you're saying, he is 
in the habit of blurting out, "That's the stupidest fucking thing I've ever heard!" People 
tell stories of Gates spraying saliva into the face of some hapless employee as he yells, 
"This stuff isn't hard! I could do this stuff in a weekend!" What you're supposed to do in 
a situation like this, as in encounters with grizzly bears, is stand your ground: if you flee, 
the bear will think you're game and will pursue you, and you can't outrun a bear. I had a 
chance to try this approach one day in Gates' office, when I made a remark to him about 
Microsoft's antitrust problems, and he got mad at me. I had mentioned the theory that 
Anne Bingaman, who is the head of the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, 
would not have taken the highly unusual and public action of requesting the Microsoft 
file from the Federal Trade Commission, which had pursued a three-year investigation of 
Microsoft, if she had not felt she could make a good case against the company. (In the 
end, the F.T.C. did not file any charges.) All the soft planes in Gates' face contorted into 
an expression of pure sarcasm. "I think you're a little confused," he said. "You're saying 
that before they read even a single piece of paper they judge what kind of case they 
have?" He choked slightly on his disgust for my stupidity. "I think you're confused," he 
said again. "The Justice Department chose to get the information to decide what to do. 
Saying they have a pretty good case before they've read anything--is that how these 
things work?" Going by the book, I answered that someone at the F.T.C. could have told 
someone in the Justice Department that the case against Microsoft was strong. This 
seemed to make the situation worse. "Look," Gates said. "The Department of Justice is 
looking at these files. You know? It's justice? You're supposed to have facts before you 
decide things?" I felt a trickle of sweat run down my back. 
EFTA01134212
--- PAGE 6 ---
All the executives directly under Gates arc male, and almost all arc in their mid-thirties. 
Nathan Mhyrvold, thirty-four, who as a graduate student at Cambridge University 
interpreted for Stephen Hawking, is in charge of new technology. Steve Ballmer, thirty-
seven, who is Gates' best friend, runs the numbers side of the business. He and Gates met 
during freshman year at Harvard, when they lived down the hall from each other. 
Cramming together for an advanced-economics exam was a determining event in their 
relationship. Ballmer acted this scene out for me, pacing around the room, waving his 
arms, the shirttail of his oxford shirt poking out of his khakis, as he cried, "'Yes! Wc'rc 
golden! We're going to pass! No! Shit! We're screwed! We're going to fail! No! Yes! 
We're golden! Were screwed!' We'd get real up or real down, and it's still that way. We 
love to get up and down." 
Ballmer is the reason Gates always flies coach when he is traveling on business. "If 
you're going to work for this company," Ballmer told me, "you're going to rent a certain 
kind of car and stay in a certain kind of hotel and fly coach, because that's business, and 
anything else is just aggrandizement." Gates once chartered a plane because he had to 
get somewhere in a hurry, but Ballmer gave him so much grief that Gates is still 
explaining why he did it. Experienced fliers into and out of Seattle know to scan the 
cabin for a man with a blanket over his head-that's Bill Gates, taking a nap. 
Because Bill Gates was my first E-mail relationship, I wasn't always sure how to 
comport myself electronically, and occasionally I solicited advice from experienced E-
mailers. Once, while I was questioning a media analyst named Mark Stahlman about a 
point of E-mail etiquette, he said to me, 
hey, you're not a digital guy!" This line 
often popped into my head when I was E-mailing Bill. Was I behaving like a digital guy? 
Is digital guyhood what nerds will molt into when the information highway reaches 
everyone's door? One evening, I was at home listening to some music, doing this gccky 
dance I do and, as usual, wondering whether the Wall Street types across the street were 
watching me, when I suddenly thought, Would Bill Gates care about those guys? I took 
this as a sign I was becoming a digital guy. Around the same time, I read an essay in 
Wired magazine by Paul Saffo, who is a director of the Institute for the Future, a think 
tank in Menlo Park, which argued that the information highway is going to cause a 
flowering of personal expression not seen in our society since the sixties, and that when 
this happens (maybe in five years) people whom we now think of as computer nerds will 
have the same hipness that in retrospect we now assign to beatniks. 
I wrote Gates a message with the title "How does the future make you feel?" (Putting a 
title on messages is one of the different things about E-mail communication. It is a little 
like writing a publicity release for what you have to say. However, it does focus the 
message.) 
How does the rapid change in the power of microprocessors make you feel? The 
certainty that microprocessors will grow twice as fast every eighteen months and 
that nothing in Nature, no fire or earthquake or tidal wave, is powerful enough to 
stop this from happening. Are you thrilled by this? Do you think that this power is 
God, as you understand God? Is it possible this power could be bad? 
Gates wrote back: 
Feelings are pretty personal. I love coming up with new ideas or seeing in advance 
what is going to count and then making it happen. I love working with smart 
people... . Our business is very very competitive-one or two false moves and you 
can fall behind in a way that would wipe you out. Market share does not give you 
the right to relax. IBM is the best example of this. This is very scary but also 
makes it very interesting. 
The digital revolution is all about facilitation--creating tools to make things easy. 
When I was a kid I was a lot more curious than I am today--perhaps I have lost 
less curiosity than the average adult but if I had had the information tools we arc 
building today I would know a lot more and not have given up learning some 
things. 
EFTA01134213
--- PAGE 7 ---
These tools will be really cool. Say today you want to meet someone with similar 
interests to talk or take a trip together or whatever? Its hard and somewhat random. 
Say you want to make sure you pick a good doctor or read a good book? We can 
make all of these things work so well--its empowering stuff. Enough for now. 
I wrote a message titled "TV as the Opium of the People": 
Some people arc afraid of interactive TV. TV is a drug, goes the argument, and the 
technology that Microsoft and others arc supplying is going to make the drug 
stronger. People will be inside more than ever, cut off from their neighbors, 
watching interactive monster truck contests. Or porno. They will pile up large 
cable and credit card charges. A "T. S. Eliot wasteland ... a nation of housebound 
zombies," as Michael Eisner put it recently in a speech. Do you think this could 
happen? What difference does it make if you invent smart boxes to deliver dumb 
programming? 
Gates wrote: 
Interactive TV is probably a really bad name for the in-home device connected to 
the information highway. 
Lets say I am sitting at home wondering about some new drug that was prescribed 
to me. Or wanting to ask a question to my children's teacher. Or curious about my 
social security status. Or wondering about crime in my neighborhood. Or wanting 
to exchange information with other people thinking about visiting Tanzania. Or 
wondering if the new lawn mower I want to buy works well and if its a good price. 
Or I want to ask people who read a book what they thought of it 
before I take my time reading it. In all of these cases being able to reach out and 
communicate by using a messaging or bulletin board type system lets me do 
something I could never do before. Assume that the infrastructure and device to do 
this is easy to use and it was funded by the cable or phone company primarily 
because I like to watch movies and video-conference with my relatives. 
All of the above is about how adults will use the system. Kids will use it in ways 
we can't even imagine. 
The opportunity for people to reach out and share is amazing. This docsnt mean 
you will spend more time inside! It means you will use your time more effectively 
and get to do the things you like more than in the past as well as doing new things. 
If you like to get outside you will find out a lot more about the places that arc not 
crowded and find good companions to go with. 
The bottom line is that 2 way communication is a very different beast than I way 
communication. In some ways a phone that has an unbelievable directory, lets you 
talk or send messages to lots of people, and works with text and pictures is a better 
analogy than TV. The phone did change the world by making it a smaller place. 
This will be even more dramatic. There will be some secondary effects that people 
will worry about but they won't be the same as TV. We arc involved in creating a 
new media but it is not up to us to be the censors or referees of this media--it is up 
to public policy to make those decisions. 
Because TV had very few channels the value of TV time was very high so only 
things of very broad interest could be aired on those few channels. The 
information highway will be the opposite of this--more like the library of congress 
but with an easy way to find things. 
I sometimes felt that this correspondence was a game I was playing with Gates through 
the computer, or maybe a game I was playing against a computer. What is the right 
move? What question will get me past the dragon and into the wizard's star chamber, 
where the rich information is stored? I had no idea where Gates was when he wrote to 
mc, except that once he told me he was on a "think week" at his family's summer place 
on Hood Canal. I could not tell whether he was impatient or bored with my questions 
and was merely answering them because it served his interest. Because we couldn't talk 
EFTA01134214
--- PAGE 8 ---
at the same time, there was little chance for the conversation to move spontaneously. On 
the other hand, his answers meant more, in a certain way, being written, than answers I 
would have received on the phone. I worried that he might think I was being "random" (a 
big putdown at Microsoft) because I jumped from topic to topic. I sometimes wondered 
if I was actually communicating with Bill Gates. How hard would it be for an assistant to 
write these messages? Or for an intelligent agent to do it? 
I wrote a message titled "What motivates you?": 
You love to compete, right? Is that where your energy comes from--love of the 
game? I wonder how it feels to win on your level. How much do you fear losing? 
How about immortality--being remembered for a thousand years after you're dead-
-does that excite you? How strong is your desire to improve people's lives (by 
providing them with better tools for thinking and communicating)? Some driven 
people arc trying to heal a wound or to recover a loss. Is that the case with you? 
Gates wrote back: 
Its easy to understand why I think I have the best job around because of day to day 
enjoyment rather than some grand long term deep psychological explanation. Its a 
lot of fun to work with very smart people in a competitive environment. ... We 
get to hire the best people coming out of school and give them challenging jobs. 
We get to try and figure out how to sell software in every part of the world. 
Sometimes our ideas work very well and sometimes they work very poorly. As 
long as we stay in the feedback loop and keep trying its a lot of fun. 
It is pretty cool that the products we work on empower individuals and make their 
jobs more interesting. It helps a lot in inventing new software ideas that I will be 
one of the users of the software so I can model what's important.... 
Just thinking of things as winning is a terrible approach. Success comes from 
focusing in on what you really like and are good at--not challenging every random 
thing. My original vision of a personal computer on every desk and every home 
will take more than 15 years to achieve so there will have been more than 30 years 
since I first got excited about that goal. My work is not like sports where you 
actually win a game and its over after a short period of time. 
Besides a lot of luck, a high energy level and perhaps some IQ I think having an 
ability to deal with things at a very detailed level and a very broad level and 
synthesize between them is probably the thing that helps me the most. This allows 
someone to take deep technical understanding and figure out a business strategy 
that fits together with it. 
It's ridiculous to consider how things will be remembered after you are dead. The 
pioneers of personal computers including Jobs, Kapor, Lampson, Roberts, Kayc, 
are all great people but I don't think any of us will merit an entry in a history book. 
I don't remember being wounded or losing something big so I don't think that is 
driving me. I have wonderful parents and great siblings. I live in the same 
neighborhood I grew up in (although I will be moving across the lake when my 
new house is done). I can't remember any major disappointments. I did figure out 
at one point that if I pursued pure mathematics it would be hard to make a major 
contribution and there were a few girls who turned me down when I asked them 
out. 
At the end of one message, I wrote: 
This reporting via c-mail is really fascinating and I think you are going to come 
across in an attractive way, in case you weren't sure of that. 
Gates wrote: 
I comb my hair everytime before I send email hoping to appear attractive. I try and 
use punctuation in a friendly way also. I send :) and never:(. 
EFTA01134215
--- PAGE 9 ---
I wrote a message asking Gates whether it was possible that the alliance with Time 
Wamcr and T.C.1. was on shaky ground because Gerald Levin and John Malone were 
afraid that Gates was too smart for them. 
Gates wrote: 
Your mail is the first time I have ever heard anyone suggest that John Malone and 
Jerry Levin deserve sympathy. They are both great people. They arc both smarter 
about deal making than I will ever be. John and Jerry and I share a vision of what 
the Information Highway can become. Its an incredible opportunity for all 3 
companies and we have been spending time to discussing how we might help each 
other. We don't have anything concrete at this stage although we have developed a 
high level of trust for each other. 
I sent a message asking how much of his money Gates was planning on giving away: 
Will there one day be a Gates Foundation, the way we have Rockefeller, Ford, 
Carnegie Foundations? Whcn? How acutely do you feel a sense of social 
responsibility? What kinds of philanthropy would you like your money to 
perform? How do you feel about leaving a lot of money to your kids? 
Gates replied: 
I think that giving money away takes a lot of effort. Not as much effort as making 
it but still a lot to do it properly. Therefore when I am old and have time I will put 
some effort into that. Assuming I still have a lot of money by the time I retire 
which is certainly no certain thing I will give away well over 90% of it since I dont 
believe in kids having too much money. I am like my friend Warren Buffett in this 
respect. I have already done some giving like to LPN for a biotechnology 
department [Gate gave the University of Washington twelve million dollars] and 
some to Stanford for a computer science building [six million] and some to United 
Way which I really believe in. I do believe in funding great research so some of 
my philanthropy will relate to that. Some to humans service activities. Some to 
education. Some to population control efforts if it looks like donations can really 
help there. 
I wrote mail about "The Great Gatsby," which is one of Gates' favorite books. ("The 
Catcher in the Rye" and "A Separate Peace" arc other favorites.) Gates dressed as Gatsby 
for his thirtieth birthday, and again for an engagement party that friends and colleagues 
in Silicon Valley threw for him and Melinda in September. (Melinda dressed as Daisy 
Buchanan.) 
Gates wrote: 
Gatsby had a dream and he pursued it not even really thinking he might fail or 
worse that what he dreamed of wasn't real. The green light is a symbol of his 
optimism--he had come so far he could hardly fail to grasp it. At the end Fitz is 
reinforcing what a romantic figure Gatsby is. Its also sort of about America but I 
think of it more in terms of the people. 
Once, when I was composing E-mail to Gates on an airplane, I felt physically closer to 
him than when I was composing from home. Perhaps I was thinking of all the thousands 
of people who have encountered this remarkable person on airplanes, restlessly 
wandering the aisles with his shoes off, or sitting in a scat staring into the screen of his 
laptop computer, rocking, writing E-mail that will be fired into the network when the 
plane lands and send hundreds of people at Microsoft scurrying into action. 
Many executives in the telegraph industry, which had enjoyed control of the 
communications field since about 1840, believed that the telephone did not present a 
threat to their business, because no one would want a communications machine that did 
not leave a written record of the conversation, as telegrams did. Whcn William Orton, 
the president of Western Union, which was the Microsoft of its day, was offered the 
opportunity to buy Alexander Graham Bell's patent on the telephone for a hundred 
thousand dollars, he is said to have replied, "What use could this company make of an 
electric toy?" This remark seems less dim to me now. 
EFTA01134216
--- PAGE 10 ---
Technological change is not democratic, but if we did have a choice would we vote for 
a man who sometimes behaves like a ten-year-old boy to be the principal architect of the 
way we communicate with each other in the future? Or is it Gates' gift that he isn't 
socialized in a way you'd expect a corporate executive to be. When I was ten, I would sit 
around with my friends watching it snow, and someone would say, "1 wonder what the 
deepest snowfall ever was," or something like that, and someone else would say, "Yeah, 
it would be cool to know that." It seemed that there should be this giant, all-knowing 
brain, which could answer that kind of question. One of the lessons you learn in 
becoming an adult is that it doesn't always pay to be curious. Some people learn to avoid 
curiosity altogether. Gates appears to have completely failed to absorb this lesson. My 
impression is that he still has the fantasy of the giant, all-knowing brain, and that this is 
what the information highway means to him. It's a place where curiosity is rewarded. 
Not long ago, Paul Saffo, of the Institute for the Future, said to me, "Bill Gates is an 
introvert. He is not the kind of person you want building the social network of the 
future." Ann Winblad, Gates' former girlfriend, told me, "People who know Bill know 
that you have to bring him into a group--say, 'Hey, Bill, tell us the story of such-and-
such'--because he doesn't have the social skills to do it on his own. But that doesn't mean 
he isn't social. Bill is an open, emotional guy--very. He's actually more open with his 
feelings than most men I know. He is not afraid to express fear, or sadness, but hardly 
anyone secs that. You can't show that when you're in Bill's position, when everyone is 
watching your tiniest gesture. It's not good leadership to show weakness." An executive 
with a leading competitor of Microsoft's says of Gates, "Hey--I think the guy is truly 
dangerous. Bill is the most surprisingly conscience-free individual I've ever met, and that 
amount of power in the hands of a guy without a conscience is dangerous. Big Brother 
did not happen in 1984, but it could happen in 2004. Ask yourself, 'If there was to be a 
technology-oriented dictator by the year 2004, who would he bc? Bill Gates?' " 
Gates argues that Microsoft has to behave aggressively because of a principle called 
Moore's Law, which is named after Gordon Moore, one of the founders of the Intel 
Corporation. Moore's Law is the reason the computer industry is fundamentally different 
from any other industry in history. It states that microprocessors get twice as powerful, 
or twice as cheap, every eighteen months. This means that in twenty years what now 
takes a year of computing will take fifteen minutes. We have no idea what we arc going 
to do with this power, but it will exist whether we want it to or not. 
No natural calamity or political upheaval short of world-wide anarchy is powerful 
enough to stop it. Nathan Mhyrvold, of Microsoft, said to me, "Nature has already signed 
off on this stuff." Moore's Law is the primary reason that all the companies that 
dominated the computer industry in the nineteen-seventies arc now struggling or gone, 
and the reason that Microsoft, for all its power, could disappear in a decade. 
Scott McNealy, the head of Sun Microsystems, which is a leading manufacturer of 
computer workstations, told me, "I like Bill. Bill is a smart guy. But I think the problem 
is that Microsoft has caught the bunny. You know, when you go to the dog track they 
have that mechanical bunny that makes the dogs run? Well, sometimes a dog is so fast he 
catches the bunny and then the other dogs don't run anymore. That's the situation in the 
software business today: Bill has caught the bunny. I admire Bill for catching the bunny, 
but now we can't have a race. He ought to be loosed from the bunny, to give the other 
dogs a chance." 
The argument that Microsoft is shaping up to be the Standard Oil of the Information Age 
and that the government ought to loose Bill from the bunny before this happens is now 
being heard within the Department of Justice. As the head of the Department's Antitrust 
Division, Annc Bingaman is an anti-monopolist, the sort of person who was common 
around the Justice Department in the nineteen-thirties and forties, and was thoroughly 
weeded out in the eighties, a period during which the laws on what constitutes a 
monopoly were relaxed, making it harder for people like Bingaman to operate. Now 
Bingaman is expected to regain some of the ground lost by the anti-monopolists, and she 
seems to be using Microsoft as her vehicle. Justice Department lawyers arc currently 
studying the file that Bingaman requested from the Federal Trade Commission, and arc 
said to be readying a case against Microsoft, though whether Bingaman will bring 
narrow antitrust charges, which would require the company to pay a fine it could easily 
EFTA01134217
--- PAGE 11 ---
afford, or will bring a broad antitrust case, or will even attempt to break Microsoft up, 
has not been decided. 
There is substantial political pressure not to prosecute Microsoft. Microsoft is the 
principal reason that the United States is by far the world leader in software production, 
an industry that has an unimaginable potential for growth. Also, the government's huge 
antitrust casc against I.B.M., which was filed in 1969 and ended with the government's 
giving up on it in 1982, distracted and weakened that organization, and helped 
companies like Microsoft to get the better of it. Some people argue that the computer 
industry actually wants and needs a monopolistic presence like Microsoft, because such 
a presence can work to create a standard computer language that other companies can 
design products for and that the public can use in common. That is the role 1.B.M. 
played, and now that 1.B.M. has been dethroned, thanks partly to Microsoft, people 
expect Microsoft to perform it. 
One big difference between Gates and other early software entrepreneurs is that, 
whereas the others were bright kids from middle-class homes who achieved success 
beyond their expectations, Gates was born to rule. His childhood was emphatically not 
the stuff of Horatio Alger novels. His father, Bill Gates, Jr., is a well-known corporate 
lawyer in Seattle and a former president of the Washington State Bar Association, and 
his mother, Mary Gates, is a former regent at the University of Washington and was on 
the national board of the United Way and of U S West. Washington State governors and 
senators were guests at the house when Bill was a boy. At dinner, the parents would lead 
the children--Bill and his sisters, Kristi and Libby--in discussions of current affairs. The 
family also played a lot of games and horsed around together. "I really like Bill's family, 
but it would be nice if you could talk to them once in a while when they weren't in a 
human pyramid," Ida Cole, a former Microsoft executive, has said. Water-skiing was and 
remains a passion of Gates': several Scattleites have described for me the experience of 
coming across the Evergreen Bridge early on a Sunday morning in the summer and 
seeing Gates' big powerboat on Lake Washington, with Gates white, toneless body 
water-skiing behind it and throwing up a big coxcomb of spray. Young Bill was 
obsessive about improving aspects of himself he didn't like. "He was always upset about 
his little toe curling in, so he'd work on it. He'd spend time holding it out so he'd have a 
straight toe," his sister Kristi told Stephen Manes and Paul Andrews, the co-authors of 
"Gates," a recently published biography. Gates used to try to impress his sisters by 
jumping out of a trash can, and he still occasionally jumps over his office chair from a 
standstill. Sometimes, on his way to a business meeting, he suddenly jumps up and tries 
to touch as high as he can on a wall, or to touch higher than the spot he touched last time, 
but he says, in "Gates," "I don't jump spontaneously the way I used to, in the early years 
of the company .. . or even in a meeting. . .. Now the jumping is not that common." 
However, he has planned a full-size trampoline for a house he is building. In Japan, a 
comic book about the adventures of a boy modeled on Bill Gates is called "Young 
Jump." 
Gates attended Lakeside School, one of the best private schools in the Seattle area, and 
there he met Paul Allen, who was three years older. The two began spending a lot of time 
in the school's computer room. In 1971, when Gates was sixteen, he wrote a program 
that made it easier for cities to collect traffic statistics. That same year, he and Allen 
started a company called Traf-o-Data. In the Lakeside yearbook for 1973, Gates' senior 
year, there is a picture of Gates in the computer room with a stocking cap pulled over his 
head and lying on a table, over the caption "Who is this man?" 
Joseph Wcizenbaum, a computer scientist at M.1.T., perhaps overstating the casc a little 
for effect, wrote, in "Computer Power and Human Reason," this early portrait of 
computer hackers: "Bright young men of disheveled appearance, often with sunkcn 
glowing eyes, [who] can be seen sitting at computer consoles ... on which their 
attention seems to be as riveted as a gambler's on the rolling dice. . .. They work until 
they nearly drop, twenty, thirty hours at a time. Their food, if they arrange it, is brought 
to them: coffee, Cokes, sandwiches. ... Their rumpled clothes, their unwashed and 
unshaven faces, and their uncombed hair all testify that they arc oblivious to their bodies 
and to the world in which they move." This description matches Gates' outward 
appearance, but Gates was different from most hackers in one important respect: Hackers 
EFTA01134218
--- PAGE 12 ---
were interested in computers as a hobby, mostly just for fun, whereas Gates always saw 
computers as a way of making money. 
Gates and Allen sometimes talked about how cool it would be to design the software for 
the first personal computer, which appeared to be on the horizon, but this was not a 
serious career goal of Bill's. His father wanted him to become a lawyer. "When I was in 
college, it was really hard to pick a career, bccausc everything seemed so attractive, and 
when you had to pick a specific one you had to say no to all the others," Gates told me. 
"I'd think, Well, if I went to that law firm some partner might not like me, and they might 
assign me to these crummy cases, and I'd think, Well, God, that could be really crummy." 
The question was settled in dramatic fashion in December, 1974, when Allen, who was 
working in Boston, passed a newsstand in Harvard Square and saw on the cover of 
Popular Electronics a computer called the Altair 8800. The Altair 8800 was the first 
computer that ordinary electronics hobbyists could afford to buy and that people with 
reasonable technical knowledge could assemble in their homes. Basically, it was the first 
personal computer. Allen bought the magazine, rushed over to Gates' dorm, and showed 
it to him. "Look!" Allen said. "It's going to happen! I told you this was going to happen! 
And we're going to miss it!" 
They called Ed Roberts, the man who created the Altair, and told him that they had 
written a version of a programming language called basic for his computer. That wasn't 
true. It was an early use of a now common strategy in the computer industry, and at 
Microsoft in particular: announcing products that don't exist (known in the industry as 
"vaporware") in order to discourage possible competitors. After talking to Roberts, Bill 
and Paul went on an eight-week code-writing binge, with Gates writing most of the code, 
often falling asleep at the keyboard, dreaming in code, waking up, and immediately 
starting to write code again, with no real transition between dreaming and waking just 
code. ("It was the coolest program I ever wrote," Gates later said.) At the end of the eight 
weeks, Allen flew out to Albuquerque, met with Roberts, loaded the software into the 
Altair, and typed "print 2 + 2." The Altair spat out "4." The program worked. 
By the end of 1975, Gates and Allen had founded a company, Micro-soft, to sell their 
basic. (The hyphen was dropped a few years later.) Now came what is perhaps the 
pivotal moment in the early history of the software industry. Computer hobbyists who 
had bought the Altair were dismayed to find that it didn't come with the software to 
operate it, and were even more dismayed when they learned that they had to buy the 
software for four hundred and fifty dollars from Micro-soft. 
At that time, no one thought of software as something you paid for. Software was just 
rolls of paper tape with little holes punched in it. A hacker would write a cool piece of 
software for fun, copy it, and give it away to his friends. Altair owners began to do the 
same thing with Micro-sort's basic. Then, in February of 1976, Gates published "An 
Open Letter to Hobbyists" in the Altair newsletter, and the letter now stands as a sort of 
Magna Carta of the software industry--the underpinning of the intellectual--property 
structure. It stated, "As the majority of hobbyists must be aware, most of you steal your 
software," and went on to argue that software was just as much a commodity as 
hardware, because it represented someone's intellectual work, and that the creators of the 
software should be compensated just as creators of hardware were. 
Gates shuttled between Harvard and Albuquerque until the start of his senior year, when 
he dropped out for good. The business expanded, and he and Allen relocated it to Seattle 
in 1978. In 1980, I.B.M. approached Gates to write an operating system for the personal 
computer it was designing, the I.B.M. PC. Gates flew down to Florida to meet the I.B.M. 
executives working on the project, realized on the way that he had forgotten to bring a 
tic, and drove around looking for a place to buy one. The 1.B.M. executives, who had 
never laid eyes on Gates, were stunned to see that their prospective partner looked 
exactly like one of the hackers they were beginning to read about in the press. They told 
Gates they needed an operating system in three months--an impossibly short time--and 
Gates accepted the job. Upon returning to Seattle, he bought an operating system called 
qdos, which was short for Quick and Dirty Operating System, from another software 
developer, Seattle Computer, for around seventy-five thousand dollars, renamed it ms-
dos, and, in a three-month code-writing marathon, convened it to I.B.M.'s specifications. 
EFTA01134219
--- PAGE 13 ---
Software is sometimes said to be to the age of information as oil was to the age of the 
machinc. Software is what makes information systems operate. Software is like a natural 
resource, except that its source is not in the earth but in the human mind: people carry 
pools of software in their heads. Its lack of physical existence makes its importance easy 
to underestimate. I.B.M., which was one of the great business organizations in history, 
and which was perfectly placed to own the personal-computer business, disastrously 
failed to appreciate the importance of the software Gates designed for it. Because I.B.M. 
thought that the money was going to be in the hardware, in the computers themselves, it 
allowed Gates to retain the rights to ms-dos. During the nineteen-eighties, the PC was 
cloned by other American manufacturers and by the Japanese, who could make and sell 
the machines more cheaply than I.B.M. could, but no one knew how to clone ms-dos, 
and Bill Gates collected a fee for every PC and every PC clone sold in the world. 
Two books about the fall of I.B.M. and Gates' role in it have recently appeared--"Big 
Blues," by Paul Carroll, and "Computer Wars," by Charles H. Ferguson and Charles R. 
Morris--and an occasional chill runs up the spine of anyone reading them at the ease with 
which Gates eviscerated men much older and more experienced than he was. "I kept 
wanting to say to Cannavino, 'We need a shorthand because these meetings arc taking 
too long,' " Gates says in "Big Blues." James Cannavino was an I.B.M. executive with 
whom Gates negotiated about operating systems. Cannavino would begin mcctings by 
making small talk about, say, his new car, in a misguided effort to establish some sort of 
personal rapport with Gates. Also, like many other American corporate executives of his 
generation, Cannavino would spend a lot of time talking about his company's values. 
This would drive Gates mad. "Every time you say 'thirtccn, I'll know that what that 
means is that all you want to do is what the customer wants," Gates says he imagined 
himself saying to Cannavino. 
"And for every one of these other gibberish slogans, we can also get little numbers. 
There arc a lot of small integers available. We'll just tighten these mcctings up. You 
know, Cannavino, if you want to talk about how you're going to save the U.S. 
educational system, okay, we've heard that story. That's a good fifteen-minute one. That 
can be number eleven." However, Gates managed to swallow these thoughts and let 
Cannavino talk. "I'm really very good at this stuff," he says. "I know how to be 
somebody's son. You know, 'Yes, Dad.' " 
A prominent software executive told mc, "I.B.M. thought they had Gates by the balls. 
He's just a hacker, they thought. A harmless nerd. What they actually had by the balls 
was an organism which has been bred for the accumulation of great power and maximum 
profit, the child of a lawyer, who knew the language of contracts, and who just ripped 
those I.B.M. guys apart." Another leading executive in the software industry said, "Think 
of I.B.M. and Microsoft as being a chess game, whcrc Microsoft plays black. So they're 
at a disadvantage. So they have to set up a trap. Microsoft becomes the only supplier of a 
commodity that I.B.M. could not produce itself. Having done that, it proceeds to market 
that asset to weaken its partner's position. It's brilliant!" 
Now, thirteen years after that contract, Microsoft is by far the largest software company 
in the world. It has a market capitalization of twenty-three billion dollars--more than 
General Motors, Xerox, or I.B.M. To what extent Gates is mainly a product of I.B.M.'s 
blunder, and therefore a kind of historical accident, and to what extent he is the first 
person to imagine software as a shrink-wrapped commodity, and is therefore a visionary, 
is a good question to ask if you arc seated next to a computer-industry executive at a 
dinner party. Although Microsoft continues to manufacture ms-dos, it has severed most 
of its tics with I.B.M. The break came over the operating system Windows, which Gates 
introduced in 1985. (Paul Allen, who had a scary encounter with Hodgkin's disease in 
1983, retired, cashed in some of his Microsoft stock, bought the Portland Trail Blazers 
basketball team, and built a house with a basketball court on the property, whcrc the 
team could practice. He also provided the funds for a Jimi Hendrix museum in Seattle. 
Lately, Allen, whose Microsoft stock is now worth $2.9 billion, has been in the news for 
buying nearly twenty-five per cent of America Online, an information service, and, most 
recently, for buying eighty per cent of TicketMaster.) 
Windows is a graphical user interface, or gui (computer people pronounce it "gooey"). 
Instead of operating the computer with keyboard commands, as you do in dos, in 
Windows you use a pointing device--a mouse--to access little folders and documents on 
EFTA01134220
--- PAGE 14 ---
your electronic desktop. Xerox developed the desktop metaphor in the late seventies, and 
in the early eighties Apple Computer commercialized it. Gates saw that Apple's gui was 
an easier system to use than dos, and borrowed it. When Windows first appeared, it was 
widely viewed as a kludge (a dog): it was buggy (it had glitches) and was a memory pig 
(it used up a lot of space in the computer's hard drive), and it was generally less elegant 
than Apple's gui. But Gates stayed with Windows and kept improving it. Gates 
understood that it did not matter if the software used lots of space on the hard drive as 
long as hard drives kept getting twice as powerful every eighteen months. Also, whereas 
Apple chose to keep its software proprietary--it could run only on machines that Apple 
made--Gates licensed Windows to any computer manufacturer that wanted it, just as he 
had done with dos. 
When Apple realized its mistake--its strategy limited Apple's share of the operating-
system market to the number of computers Apple could sell--it sued Microsoft for 
copyright infringement, but a federal court ruled that "the look and feel" of the desktop 
metaphor was not covered under Apple's copyright. 
It is often said by Gates' detractors that he has never invented anything, and this is true in 
a sense, but you could say the same thing about Henry Ford. When the Model T 
appeared, in 1908, it was by no means the best car on the road, but it worked well 
enough, and it was affordable and easy to produce, and Ford stayed with it. Even today, 
most users still find Apple's operating system more intuitive than Windows, but, because 
the market for Windows is so much larger, other software manufacturers arc more 
inclined to make applications for Windows than for Apple's operating system. If there is 
to be a standard computer language--which from the point of view of the public is 
greatly desirable--it now appears that Windows will be the one. But Gates has to worry 
that someone will do to Microsoft what Microsoft did to Apple. Apple is designing a new 
operating system with I.B.M.; it's code-named Pink, and is expected to appear sometime 
in 1995. 
After a month of E-mail between Gates and me, my hour in his physical presence 
arrived. As we shook hands, he said, "Hello, I'm Bill Gates," and emitted a low, vaguely 
embarrassed chuckle. Is this the sound one E-mailer makes to another when they finally 
meet in real space? I was aware of a feeling of being discovered. In the front part of 
Gates' office, we sat down at right angles to each other. Gates had on normal-looking 
clothes--a green shirt with purple stripes, brown pants, black loafers. He rocked 
throughout our time together. He did not look at me very often but either looked down as 
he was talking or lifted his eyes above my head to look out the window in the direction 
of the campus. The angle of the light caused the purple stripes in his shin to reflect in his 
glasses, which, in turn, threw an indigo tinge into the dark circles around his eyes. 
The emotional boundaries of our encounter seemed to have been much expanded by the 
E-mail that preceded it: Gates would be angry one minute, almost goofily happy the 
next. I wondered if he was consciously using our present form of communication to 
express feelings that E-mail cannot convey. Maybe this is the way lots of people will 
communicate in the future: meet on the information highway, exchange messages, get to 
know the lining of each other's mind, then meet face to face. 
In each other's physical presence, they will be able to eliminate a lot of the polite 
formalities that clutter people's encounters now, and say what they really mean. If this 
happens, it will be a good thing about the information highway: electronic 
communication won't reduce face-to-face communication; instead, it will focus it. 
I had been told not to ask Gates about his marriage, because he didn't want to talk about 
it, but I was emboldened by the familiarity that E-mail had established between us and 
asked anyway. Gates was silent, rocking gently (I interpreted that as a good sign) and 
staring down at his shoes. "Well, it's a pretty conventional marriage," he said after a 
while. "I'm male, and I'm marrying a female. And there's just two of us. And we plan to 
have rings on our fingers. And there'll be a minister. Or, actually, a priest, I think. Since 
I'm marrying a Catholic." He giggled. "Pretty standard stuff In most dimensions, 
including this one, I'm just like everybody else. I found a girl and fell in love with her. 
I'm kind of old." As he talked, he began to make a peculiar ahhh sound--a sort of 
rapturous vocalized pause, with a little shyness in it, as if he were confiding in me. 
EFTA01134221
--- PAGE 15 ---
"Some of your competitors arc hoping that marriage is going to make you spend less 
time in the office," I said. 
"Yeah, I think ... ahhh 
that's a pretty strange thing. Being married I don't think is 
that big a change. It did take up a lot of energy and time being single. I think in a way it's 
more complicated than being married. I mean, marriage has its own complexities, but 
they're different ... ahhh ... and I don't think timcwisc they're much different. And I've 
been going out with this person off and on for a number of years, so it's not like the day I 
get married it will be, like, whoa, wait a minute, she uses curlers to curl her hair, my 
God!" 
Gates and his bride are constructing a thirty-five-million-dollar house on the eastern 
slope of Lakc Washington, just outside Seattle--a series of five pavilions connected by 
underground passageways, with display screens scattered throughout the rooms and 
linked to a central data base containing hundreds of thousands of famous works of art in 
digital form. Gates does not own the art; he owns the right to reproduce the art digitally, 
and he and his assistants continue to throw museum officials around the world into 
confusion by offering to buy the digital rights to works in their collections. 
"Do you worry that your wealth is going to corrupt you?" 
"Absolutely." Gates sat upright and raised his arms in the air. "Absolutely. Hey. Being in 
the spotlight is a corrupting thing. Being successful is a corrupting thing. Having lots of 
money is a corrupting thing. These arc very dangerous things, to be guarded against 
carefully. And I think that's very, very hard to do." 
"How do you do it?" 
"I'm very close to my family. And that's important to me. It's a very centering thing. I 
live in the same neighborhood I grew up in. One of my sisters lives there. We get 
together as a family a lot. The woman I'm marrying wants when we have kids to have a 
normal environment for them. So we'll mutually brainstorm about how to do the best we 
can at that." Gates thought for a while, then said, "I am a person who is very conscious 
of, like, why don't I have a TV in my house? I think TV is great. When I'm in a hotel 
room, I sit there and try all these new channels and see what's going on. I probably stay 
up too late watching stuff. TV is neat. I don't have a TV at home, because I would 
probably watch it, and I prefer to spend that time thinking-or, mostly, reading. So I'm 
pretty conscious about not letting myself get used to certain things." 
"So do you consider yourself a puritanical person?" 
"Oh, no no no. I'm not a puritan," Gates said. "Hey, if I was a puritan--" He grinned, 
apparently mentally flipping through a sequence of unpuritanical acts he had committed. 
"O.K., it's a little bit like this. I go to a baseball game, and I'm having a good time, 
watching the game, but then I feel myself getting drawn in. I start wondering, Who arc 
these guys? Who are the good ones? How much arc they paid? How arc the other teams 
compared to this one? How have the rules changed? How do these guys compare to the 
guys twenty years ago? It just gets so interesting. I know if I let myself go to ten games 
I'd be addicted, and I'd want to go more. And there's only so much time in the day. And, 
frankly, it's easy for me to get interested in anything. I think, Gosh, am I going to get 
good at tennis? Well, we got these kayaks recently. I think, you know, Arc we going to 
get into that? I was just in Africa. I think, Should I do my next two or three trips there--
there's just so much there--but I'd sort of like to go to China, and actually I think I'll end 
up doing that for my next big trip, in two or three years. So there's all these choices, but 
time is this very scarce resource." 
As we were saying goodbye, Gates said, "Well, you're welcome to keep sending me 
mail." 
I walked out to my car, drove off the Microsoft campus, and headed back over the 
Evergreen Bridge to Seattle. When I got to my hotel, I logged on and saw I had E-mail 
from Bill. It had been written about two hours after I left his office. There was no 
reference to our having just met. He was responding to mail I had sent him several days 
earlier, asking what he thought of Henry Ford: 
EFTA01134222
--- PAGE 16 ---
LFord is not that admirable--he did great things but he was very very narrow 
minded and was willing to use brute force power too much. His relationship with 
his family is tragic. His model of the world was plain wrong in a lot of ways. He 
decided he knew everything he needed to fairly early in his life. 
Copyright (c) John Seabrook 2003. All rights reserved 
Back to top 
Home I Books I Stories I &Q I Contact 
It
Couldn't load plugin. 
EFTA01134223

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134224.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Karyna Shuliak 
Date: Wed, 07 Aug 2013 03:56:24 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01134224

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134225.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Nlartin" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jccvacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 Aug 2013 10:11:33 +0000 
Inline-Images: INIG_0484.jpeg 
always hunting... 
EFTA01134225

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134226.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin" 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 Aug 2013 10:39:45 +0000 
Attachments: space_v7.pdf 
the geometry of spatial evolution (cancer) 
please take a look at pages 14 and 15 
the primary tumor reaches a final "barnacle" shape / event horizon 
(such "nucleation models" are also used in cosmology) 
(tibor is a genius) 
EFTA01134226

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134227.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Mamie <ffilleffil~> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 Aug 2013 10:52:42 40000 
Inline-Images: 1N1G_0476.jpeg 
i lind it so amazing that it has 23:33 mpg 
and does 0.60 en 5 seconds. 
(saleable M mores sumenbionz heads up display; tco drive) 
(made of ~Irian steel • to some extent) 
EFTA01134227

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134228.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein cti 
To: arda beskardes
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 31 Jul 2013 18:05:35 +0000 
Attachments: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
the dates of entry that they claim are wrong, what do we do? 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Wed, Jul 31, 2013 at 1:53 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134228

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134229.pdf
----------------------------------------
ttep• I ,,t / 
evidence that ;how; this decision is incorrect, you may submit a motion to reopen or a motion to 
rewnsider by unripleting a Form I-290B, Notice of Appeal or Motion. A copy is enclosed.. A 
reopen must state the new facts to be considered and must be supported by affidavits or other ne-vs 
doelimentary evidence. A motion to reconsider must show that the decision was legally incorrect 
..-f-ording to statute, regulation, and/or precedent decision. 
The motion must be filed within 33 days from the date of this notice. You must send your completed 
Form I-- 290B and supporting documentation with the appropriate filing fee to: 
USC1S 290E 
Po Box 21100 
Phoenix AZ 85036 
tor more information about the filing requirement:, for motions, please see 6 Ciit 
he USCJS 
website at www,uscis.gov, or contact the automated Form Request Line by calling 1-800-870-3676_ 
Sincerely, 
Karen I,. Fitzgerald 
Acting Center Director 
ENCLOSURE: I290B 
N W W USCiS.gOV 
EFTA01134229

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134230.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: arda beskardes
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 31 Jul 2013 18:13:27 +0000 
Attachments: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
they made a mistake on her entry date.. so 1. do we send passport stamp.? 2 studnet visa,? 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Wed, Jul 31, 2013 at 1:53 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134230

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134231.pdf
----------------------------------------
typist instill ni Homeland Security 
I 
.ittl Immivrati(ln Services 
I
t
Infos matism 
WI %MI 
t 
NAM. . . t 
Hp MC'. 
ink 
Given Name 
Middle Name 
)t garrization (ii applicable) 
Mailing Add, « 
street Number and Name 
Apt. 
('/t ) (in care or)  
State or Pros ince 
Zip/Postal Code 
Country 
Daytime Phone # (AreaJCour !r: Code) 
Fax # (Aren'( 'onntry Code) 
C Mail Address (if anv) 
CI I am an anorney err reprem:ntatlye If you check this box. you must provide the 
!Aiming information about the person or organization for whom you are 
appearing. (NOTE: You must attach a Form G-28, Notice of Entry of Appearance 
ac Attorney or Representative.) 
Family Name 
Given Name 
Middle Name 
 L 
Complete Name of I3usiness/Organization/School (if applicable) 
A # (if any) 
Daytime Phone # (Area/Country Code) 
Fax // (Areaituuntcy Code) 
Addrcn (if any) 
Part 2. I am iiiatitm about the appeal or motion. 
Check the box below that the best dcscribe5 your request. (Check one box.) 
i4Aft 
liortAPtr) t 
-
Form 1-294B.\of ik 
of /tivi.4.:;! or ", tifprl 
k 
Number 
keturhttl 
Resulnaitfrit 
tree 
Helix Sent 
Date 
Date 
Refry( lux a 
Date 
I dill filing an appeal. My brief and/or additional evidence is attached. 
I am filing an appeal. My brief and/or additional evidence will be submitted to the AAO within 30 days. 
I ain tiling an appeal. No supplemental brie) anti as additional evidence will be sabenned, 
I am filing a motion to reopen a decision My brief and/or additional evidmce is attached. 
I am filing a motion to reconsider a decision. My brief is attached 
I am filing a motion to reopen and a motion to reconsider a decision. My brief antVor add*iortal evidence rs Ar 
EFTA01134231

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134232.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Milken Institute" 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC:" 
Subject: Don't miss the 2014 Milken Institute Global Conference 
Date: Fri, 28 Feb 2014 21:11:53 +0000 
ft lilken Institute Global Conference 
April 27-30. 2014 in Los Angeles 
Milken Institute Global Conference will take place April 27-30, 2014 in Los Angeles 
Register now at 
April 27 - 30 • Los Angeles 
DETAILS 
The Milken Institute Global 
Conference is an event like no 
other. Ifs where influencers and 
TESTIMONIALS 
"It is a forum where people 
who have all different kinds 
of perspectives come 
WHO ATTENDS 
Now in its 17th year, the Global 
Conference annually attracts 
3,000 leaders in business, 
EFTA01134232
--- PAGE 2 ---
innovators in disparate disciplines 
gather to exchange ideas and 
solve some of the world's toughest 
challenges. 
Our speakers and attendees —
CEOs, investors, policymakers. 
philanthropists, educators and 
scientists — challenge one 
another's thinking in a sweeping 
and ambitious program touching on 
topics from financial markets, 
economic development, energy 
and global health to public policy, 
education, media and technology. 
together and talk about 
these things In a space 
where people feel actually 
free." 
- Bill Clinton 
finance, health, government, 
public policy, academia, 
philanthropy, law, science, 
media and more. These 
individuals represent some of 
the world's top firms, 
organizations. universities and 
governments. 
Unable to attend? Please click here. 
r,." .F 
"jo 
ol 
—u "rle 
;',Cvent - Web-based Software Solutions 
EFTA01134233

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134234.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Roy Hod h es 
, Dann Vicars 
Rich 
Kahn 
Subject: Photographs - July 31, 2013 
Date: Wed, 31 Jul 2013 21:25:53 +0000 
Attachments: Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(I).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(2).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(3).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(4).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(5).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(6).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(7).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(8).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(9).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(I 0).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(11).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(12).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole J13).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(I 4).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole J15).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(I 6).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(17).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(I 8).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(19).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(20).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(21).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(22).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(23).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(24).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(25).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(26).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(27).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(28).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(29).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(30).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(31).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(32).JPG; 
Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(33).JPG; Palms_at_Info_and_Flagpole_(34).JPG; 
Hell wall_ and_ hell hydroseeding_(1).JPG; Heli _ wall_ and_ heli _ hydroseeding_(2).JPG; 
Hell wall and hethydroseeding_(3).JPG; Heli_wall_and_heli_hydroseeding_(4).JPG; 
— 
hydroseeding_(5).JPG; Heli_wall_and_heli_hydroseeding_(6).JPG; 
Heli_wall_and_heli_hydroseeding_(7).JPG;
—
 Entry_basket_(1).JPG; Entry_basket_(2).JPG; 
Entry_basket_(3).JPG; Entry_basket_(4).JPG; Entry_basket_(5).JPG; Entry_basket_(6).JPG; 
Entry_basket_(7).JPG; Entry_basket_(8).JPG; Entry_basket_(9).JPG; 
Entry_basket_(I 0).JPG; Entry_basket_(I1).JPG; Entry_basket_(12).JPG; 
Entry_basket_(I3).JPG; Entry_basket_(I 4).JPG; Entry_basket_(15).JPG; 
Entry_basket_(I6).JPG; Entry_basket_(I 7).JPG; Entry_basket_(18).JPG; 
Entry_basket_(19).JPG; Cabana_l_electrical_rewiring_completed.JPG; 
Captain's_office_painting_(1).JPG; Captain's_officejainting_(2).JPG; 
Captain's_office_painting_(3).JPG; Captain's_officejainting_(4).JPG; 
Mechanical_area_lower_gate_construction_(I).JPG; 
Mechanical_area_lower_gate_construction_(2).JPG 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
July 31 photographs for your review and comments: 
Palm plantings at Info center and road to Flagpole pool 
Heli wall and heli hydroseeding 
Entry basket planting in progress 
Cabana 1 electrical rewiring completed 
Captain's office painting 
Mechanical area lower gate construction 
Respectfully submitted, 
EFTA01134234
--- PAGE 2 ---
Daphne 
EFTA01134235

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134236.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134236

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134237.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134237

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134238.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134238

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134239.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134239

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134240.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134240

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134241.pdf
----------------------------------------
S
EFTA01134241

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134242.pdf
----------------------------------------
r
EFTA01134242

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134243.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
EFTA01134243

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134244.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134244

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134245.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
EFTA01134245

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134246.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134246

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134247.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134247

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134248.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134248

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134249.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134249

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134250.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134250

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134251.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134251

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134252.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134252

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134253.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134253

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134254.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134254

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134255.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134255

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134256.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134256

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134257.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134257

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134258.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134258

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134259.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134259

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134260.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134260

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134261.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134261

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134262.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134262

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134263.pdf
----------------------------------------
--1 
EFTA01134263

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134264.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134264

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134265.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134265

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134266.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134266

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134267.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134267

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134268.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134268

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134269.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134269

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134270.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134270

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134271.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134271

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134272.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134272

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134273.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134273

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134274.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134274

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134275.pdf
----------------------------------------
IT 
Ng 
.2 
.1.0711C-tr-
EFTA01134275

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134276.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134276

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134277.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134277

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134278.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134278

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134279.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01134279

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134280.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134280

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134281.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134281

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134282.pdf
----------------------------------------
s 
EFTA01134282

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134283.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134283

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134284.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134284

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134285.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134285

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134286.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134286

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134287.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134287

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134288.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134288

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134289.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134289

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134290.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134290

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134291.pdf
----------------------------------------
-: 
EFTA01134291

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134292.pdf
----------------------------------------
-:Y 
~! 
EFTA01134292

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134293.pdf
----------------------------------------
..4r6t 
?.;"*". -"‘ 
••• 
,4 
k-?-• 
EFTA01134293

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134294.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134294

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134295.pdf
----------------------------------------
/.4 
EFTA01134295

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134296.pdf
----------------------------------------
IFJ 
EFTA01134296

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134297.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134297

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134298.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134298

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134299.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134299

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134300.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134300

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134301.pdf
----------------------------------------
ir 
EFTA01134301

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134302.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134302

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134303.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein Cjeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 05:55:41 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-08-01_at_1.51.37_AM.png; Screen_Shot_2013-08-0 l_at_1.51.58_AM.png; 
Screen_Shot_2013-08-01_at_1.52.19_AM.png; Screen_Shot_2013-08-01_at_1.52.30_AM.png; 
Screen_Shot_2013-08-01_at_1.52.58_AM.png 
These are the 5 classes I would take starting August 26. I may wind up only choosing 4, but I really want to be fully 
immersed. 
A 15 session(s). 
beg. August 27. $730.00 
R 
etr: Non-Credit 
General Credit 
(3 credits) 
top 
A 
1S session(s). 
beg. August 29. $730.00 
Re Wier: Non-Credit 
General Credit 
top 
A IS sesslon(s). 
beg. August 29. 5730.00 
Re Niter: Non-Credit 
General Credit 
(3 credits) 
top 
EFTA01134303
--- PAGE 2 ---
A 15 session(s). 
beg. August 27. $730.00 
Re later: Non-Credit 
General Credit 
(3 credits) 
top 
Online A 15 weeks.  
, beg. August 26. $730.60 
Re Ister: Non-Credit 
General Credit 
credits) 
top 
On Jul 31, 2013, at 9:07 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
did you enclose the classes or are you referring only to the concept . ? 
On Wed, Jul 31, 2013 at 8:50 PM, 
scl=a> 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Thank you for always taking the time. I appreciate a harsh word or five. I do well with criticism. Though It was a 
little hyperbolic of your buddy to tell me he wouldn't hire me as a waitress. Please. Let's not get carried away. I 
learned to read in first grade so I would never have to do a job like that. And I'm not in NY to look for a "busy 
work" job. I don't need to leave LA for that. I can just work as a receptionist in a dentist's office. 
I don't like to defend my seriousness. Or my intentions for working with an NGO I've been involved with most of 
my life. It's the only organization that has made any difference in that region and I will always support it. If one can 
help -- one measly week out of an entire year where one otherwise indulges oneself -- then one should. My mother 
and father are involved and right now, while I don't have money to donate, I can donate my time and I do. But I DO 
understand that if I were gung-ho about any old job at 
I would be doing photocopies for Leon while he's in 
Greece. No question about it. And banging down his door instead of waiting for him to show me what's on offer. 
But there IS no job, and 
is not a place where I can magically create a position. I'm either in Editorial or I'm 
in Sales. It's pretty simple. It's an antiquated business and it's not going to change any time soon. I'm not going to 
become more serious because I helped to put together a book here or there when I'm not on staff as an editor with 
the autonomy to commission several projects at once. I'm not a 23 year old assistant. Freelance publishing (god 
knows if that even exists) also isn't a real way to make money. If there's not enough money in showbiz there 
CERTAINLY isn't enough money in publishing. And part of our discussions have always been about my becoming 
"gainfully employed" not continuing down this dead-end path of freelancing. I know what that leads to. You're 
always running to catch up. The appeal of this phantom opportunity was that I could be creative and use my 
resources (my perspective, my instincts, my eye, my taste and my intelligence) to make beautiful, smart, non-
rarified books that appealed to a broad, young book-buying audience within a full-time position. 
I have publishing houses asking me to write novels, and while I've been shirkin a t
g..esinse, I know that is what I 
really should 
doing. I'm just beating around the bush trying to be an editor at 
, when someone should be 
MY editor. 
EFTA01134304
--- PAGE 3 ---
I understand you connected Leon and me, hoping for something beautifully synergistic and I believe that Leon 
wants in some ways to help me, but I don't believe there is a position, and no, apart from being totally and utterly 
qualified, I have not demonstrated that I am PASSIONATE about doing the job, because, entre nous, I may not be. 
I'm passionate about working and the dream position at 
would marry a lot of things Fm interested in and 
am good at, but it's not my life work. My life will be determined by what I write, good or bad, and I have to get 
into the mud to find out. But in the meantime, I want to maximize the time I do have to do what I can before I 
knuckle down. Which I do, seriously. 
I looked at the writing program for fall at the 
and it's FANTASTIC. I've picked out a selection of 4 
classes, all of which take place at night and some of which are online. It's a perfect syllabus with great professors 
and it starts at the end of August. It would be an ideal way to kickstart my novel. Now or never, to paraphrase 
Seneca. What do you think? 
JJ 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacatiotagmailsgrn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134305

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134306.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 10:09:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-08-01_at_1.52.58_AM.png; Screen_Shot_2013-08-01_at_1.52.30_AM.png; 
Screen_Shot_2013-08-0 l_at_1.51.37_AM.png; Screen_Shot_2013-08-01_at_ I .52.19_AM.png; 
Screen_Shot_2013-08-0 l_at_1.51.58_AM.png 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
aa> 
looks great. we need to speak, I am happy to pay for your school . as some of these classes are daytime, and the last 
hs no time . Im not sure of your plans re work. 
I have tried to understand , i am respectful of your charitable work, . I 
think if i were in your place i might have brought back a souvevir or some sign of a modicum of apprecation for having 
an apt in ny . and the assistance from me that you have received, I know you are smart. if this is all about money, 
lets have the discussion. It might be awkward for you , i will wait to have it on your time, 
you tell me you want to be productive , independent and free. 
On Thu, Aug I, 2013 at 1:55 AM, 
wrote: 
These are the 5 classes I would take starting August 26. I may wind up only choosing 4, but I really want to be fully 
immersed. 
A 15 sesslon(s). 
beg. August 27. $730.00 
R liter: Non-Credit 
General Credit 
(3 credits) 
top 
A 15 session(s) 
beg. August 29. $730.00 
It Stier: Non-Credit 
General Credit 
(3 credits) 
;:.• top 
EFTA01134306
--- PAGE 2 ---
A IS sesslon(s) 
beg. August 29. 5730.00 
R 
St er: Non-Credlt 
General Credit 
(3 credits) 
top 
A 15 sesslon(s) 
beg. August 27. 5730.00 
R Ister: Non-Credlt 
General Credit 
(3 credits) 
top 
Online A 15 weeks. *******, beg. August 26. 5730.00 
R Ste
ep 
r. Nan-Credit 
General Credit 
(3 credits) 
top 
On Jul 31, 2013, at 9:07 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
did you enclose the classes or are you referring only to the concept . ? 
On Wed, Jul 31, 2013 at 8:50 PM, 
<Ma> 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Thank you for always taking the time. I appreciate a harsh word or five. I do well with criticism. Though It was a 
little hyperbolic of your buddy to tell me he wouldn't hire me as a waitress. Please. Let's not get carried away. I 
learned to read in first grade so I would never have to do a job like that. And I'm not in NY to look for a "busy 
work" job. I don't need to leave LA for that. I can just work as a receptionist in a dentist's office. 
I don't like to defend my seriousness. Or my intentions for working with an NGO I've been involved with most of 
my life. It's the only organization that has made any difference in that region and I will always support it. If one can 
help -- one measly week out of an entire year where one otherwise indulges oneself -- then one should. My mother 
and father are involved and right now, while I don't have money to donate, I can donate my time and I do. But I DO 
understand that if I were gung-ho about any old job at 
I would be doing photocopies for Leon while he's in 
Greece. No question about it. And banging down his door instead of waiting for him to show me what's on offer. 
But there IS no job, and 
is not a place where I can magically create a position. I'm either in Editorial or I'm 
in Sales. It's pretty simple. It's an antiquated business and it's not going to change any time soon. I'm not going to 
become more serious because I helped to put together a book here or there when I'm not on staff as an editor with 
the autonomy to commission several projects at once. I'm not a 23 year old assistant. Freelance publishing (god 
knows if that even exists) also isn't a real way to make money. If there's not enough money in showbiz there 
EFTA01134307
--- PAGE 3 ---
CERTAINLY isn't enough money in publishing. And part of our discussions have always been about my becoming 
"gainfully employed" not continuing down this dead-end path of freelancing. I know what that leads to. You're 
always running to catch up. The appeal of this phantom opportunity was that I could be creative and use my 
resources (my perspective, my instincts, my eye, my taste and my intelligence) to make beautiful, smart, non-
ratified books that appealed to a broad, young book-buying audience within a full-time position. 
I have publishing houses asking me to write novels, and while I've been shirkin a res nse, I know that is what I 
really should be doing. I'm just beating around the bush trying to be an editor at 
, when someone should be 
MY editor. 
I understand you connected Leon and me, hoping for something beautifully synergistic and I believe that Leon 
wants in some ways to help me, but I don't believe there is a position, and no, apart from being totally and utterly 
qualified, I have not demonstrated that I am PASSIONATE about doing the job, because, entre nous, I may not be. 
I'm passionate about working and the dream position at 
would marry a lot of things I'm interested in and 
am good at, but it's not my life work. My life will be determined by what I write, good or bad, and I have to get 
into the mud to find out. But in the meantime, I want to maximize the time I do have to do what I can before I 
knuckle down. Which I do, seriously. 
I looked at the writing program for fall at the 
and it's FANTASTIC. I've picked out a selection of 4 
classes, all of which take place at night and some of which are online. It's a perfect syllabus with great professors 
and it starts at the end of August. It would be an ideal way to kickstart my novel. Now or never, to paraphrase 
Seneca. What do you think? 
JJ 
*********** 
*********** 
*********** 
************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***************************S*S********* 
****** ***WM* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA01134308
--- PAGE 4 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134309

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134310.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 10:49:20 +0000 
Attachments: john.zip 
It would be a great favor if we coudl offer this kid a job, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134310

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134311.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jennie Enterprise
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 11:47:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: EWLarge2.jpg 
MISS YOU TONS !!!! HOW ARE YOU !!!! ??? LOVE U !!! We are going to Italy in Sept ...learning italian 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
On Aug 1, 2013, at 7:04 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
marital tax rules now , maybe allow you and dangene a carry back, see you in spt 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134311

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134312.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jennie Enterprise
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 11:51:50 +0000 
Inline-Images: EWLarge2.jpg 
greatgreatgreat 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:47 AM, Jennie Enterprise 
> wrote: 
MISS YOU TONS !!!! HOW ARE YOU !!!! ??? LOVE U !!! We are going to Italy in Sept ...learning italian 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise 
I 
On Aug I, 2013, at 7:04 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(wgmail.coin> wrote: 
marital tax rules now , maybe allow you and dangene a carry back, see you in spt 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA01134312
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134313

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134314.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jennie Enterprise
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 11:56:33 +0000 
Inline-Images: EWLarge2.jpg 
u on island ? u happy ? 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise
On Aug 1, 2013, at 7:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gran> 
wrote: 
greatgreatgreat 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:47 AM, Jennie Enterprise • 
> wrote: 
MISS YOU TONS !!!! HOW ARE YOU !!!! ??? LOVE U !!! We are going to Italy in Sept ...learning italian 
<EWLarge2.jpg> 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise 
On Aug 1, 2013, at 7:04 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
marital tax rules now , maybe allow you and dangene a carry back, see you in spt 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01134314
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134315

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134316.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jennie Enterprise
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 11:57:19 +0000 
Inline-Images: EWLarge2.jpg 
ranch 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:56 AM, Jennie Enterprise < 
> wrote: 
u on island ? u happy ? 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
On Aug 1, 2013, at 7:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
wrote: 
greatgreatgreat 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:47 AM, Jennie Enterprise < 
> wrote: 
MISS YOU TONS !!!! HOW ARE YOU !!!! ??? LOVE U !!! We are going to Italy in Sept ...learning 
italian 
<EWLarge2jpg> 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise 
On Aug I, 2013, at 7:04 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
marital tax rules now , maybe allow you and dangene a carry back, see you in spt 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA01134316
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134317

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134318.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jennie Enterprise
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 16:14:46 +0000 
Inline-Images: EWLarge2.jpg 
MISS U !!! U still eating beef Jerky for breakfast lunch and dinner :-) 
Enterpriseworld 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
On Aug 1, 2013, at 7:57 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ranch 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:56 AM, Jennie Enterprise < 
> wrote: 
u on island ? u happy ? 
<EWLarge2.jpg> 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise 
On Aug I, 2013, at 7:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
wrote: 
greatgreatgreat 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:47 AM, Jennie Enterprise <1 
> wrote: 
MISS YOU TONS !!!! HOW ARE YOU !!!! ??? LOVE U !!! We are going to Italy in Sept ...learning 
italian 
<EWLarge2.jpg> 
EFTA01134318
--- PAGE 2 ---
CORE: Jennie Enterprise 
On Aug 1, 2013, at 7:04 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
marital tax rules now , maybe allow you and dangene a carry back, see you in spt 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA01134319
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134320

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134321.pdf
----------------------------------------
No. 13-12923 
IN THE 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS 
FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT 
JANE DOE NO. 1 AND JANE DOES NO. 2, 
Plaintiffs-Appellees 
v. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Defendant-Appellee 
ROY BLACK ET AL., 
Intervenors/Appellants 
ON APPEAL FROM AN ORDER OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT 
COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
BRIEF OF INTERVENORS/APPELLANTS ROY BLACK, MARTIN G. 
WEINBERG, AND JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Roy Black 
Jackie Perczek 
Black, Srebnick, Kornspan & 
Stumpf 
201 South Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 1300 
Miami, Florida 33131 
Tel: (305) 371-6421 
Fax: (305)358-2006 
rblack@royblack.com 
jperczek@royblack.com 
CERTIFICATE OF INTERESTED PERSONS 
Martin G. Weinberg 
Park Plaza, Suite 1000 
Boston, Massachusetts 02116 
Tel: (617) 227-3700 
Fax: (617) 338-9538 
owlmgw@att.net 
EFTA01134321
--- PAGE 2 ---
Pursuant to 11th Cir. R. 26.1, Intervenor/Appellants hereby certify that the 
following persons have an interest in the outcome of this case: 
I. Marra, The Honorable Kenneth 
2. Acosta, R. Alexander 
3. Black, Roy 
4. Cassell, Paul G. 
5. Edwards, Bradley J. 
6. Epstein, Jeffrey 
7. Ferrer, Wifredo A. 
8. Howell, Jay 
9. Lee, Dexter 
10. Lefkowitz, Jay 
11. Perczek, Jackie 
12. Reinhart, Bruce 
13. Sanchez, Eduardo I. 
14. Sloman, Jeffrey 
15. Villafafia, A. Marie 
Page C-I of 2 
EFTA01134322
--- PAGE 3 ---
16. Weinberg, Martin 
17. Doe No. 1, Jane 
18. Doe No. 2, Jane 
/s/ Martin G. Weinberg 
Attorney for Intervenor/Appellants 
Page C-2 of 2 
EFTA01134323
--- PAGE 4 ---
STATEMENT REGARDING ORAL ARGUMENT 
Intervenor/Appellants request oral argument in this case, as they believe that 
oral argument will be of material assistance to the Court in considering and 
deciding the important questions of first impression presented in this appeal, 
namely, whether communications made by attorneys during the course of 
settlement/plea negotiations in a criminal case — communications falling within the 
heartland of Fed. R. Evid. 410 — are privileged and confidential and protected from 
disclosure to third parties such as civil plaintiffs or, in this case, plaintiffs suing the 
government under the Crime Victims Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. §3771, who have 
openly stated that they intend to use those communications to the detriment of the 
attorneys' client. 
EFTA01134324
--- PAGE 5 ---
STATEMENT OF SUBJECT MATTER 
AND APPELLATE JURISDICTION 
The district court has jurisdiction of this action as an action by the 
plaintiffs/appellees against the United States as defendant seeking to enforce their 
rights under the Crime Victims Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. §3771. The orders of the 
district court from which this appeal is taken was entered on June 18, 2013 
(DEI 88) and June 19, 2013 (DE200), and intervenors/appellants' notices of appeal 
were filed on June 27, 2013 (DE194-96). This Court has jurisdiction of this appeal 
under 28 U.S.C. § 1291 and Perlman v. United States, 247 U.S. 7 (1918). See 
Section 
, infra. 
STATEMENT OF THE ISSUES PRESENTED 
(TO BE INSERTED] 
STATEMENT OF THE CASE AND STATEMENT OF FACTS 
In September, 2007, intervenor/appellant Jeffrey Epstein entered into a non-
prosecution agreement ("NPA") with the government to resolve a federal criminal 
investigation in which he was the subject of two federal grand jury investigations.' 
Under that agreement, Mr. Epstein pled guilty to two state felony offenses and 
served a prison sentence and a term of community control probation. The 
agreement, with which he has fully complied, also required that he pay the legal 
fees of the attorney-representative of identified victims and that he not contest 
liability in any cases brought against him solely under 18 U.S.C. §2255. Many 
plaintiffs sued under §2255 and received settlements as the direct result of Mr. 
EFTA01134325
--- PAGE 6 ---
[cite to NPA in record] In the process of reaching this negotiated settlement, 
Epstein's counsel, including intervenors/appellants Roy Black and Martin 
Weinberg, authored, and sent to government prosecutors, the correspondence 
which is the subject of this appeal, fully expecting, based on Fed. R. Crim. P. 410 
and long-established understanding and practice, that their settlement negotiation 
communications would remain confidential and not subject to disclosure to third 
parties such as plaintiffs in civil or other litigation. 
In July, 2008, plaintiffs commenced the underlying action, by filing a 
Petition for Enforcement of Crime Victims Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. §3771 
("CVRA"). DEl. While the CVRA action was commenced as an emergency 
petition, plaintiffs shortly thereafter told the district court that they saw no reason 
to proceed on an emergency basis. DE15:24-25. Then, a month later, plaintiffs 
withdrew their request that the district court rescind Epstein's NPA as a remedy for 
the government's alleged violation of the CVRA, telling the court that because of 
the legal consequences of invalidating the NPA, it was probably not in their 
interests to ask for rescission. DE27:4. Plaintiffs spent the next eighteen months 
Epstein's agreement not to contest liability in those cases. Other plaintiffs, 
including the Jane Does in this case, "relied on the [NPA] when seeking civil relief 
against Epstein . . . and affirmatively advanced the terms of the [NPA] as a basis 
for relief from Epstein." United States' Reply in Support of its Motion to Dismiss 
for Lack of Subject Matter Jurisdiction, DE205-6:12-13. 
EFTA01134326
--- PAGE 7 ---
pursuing civil remedies against Epstein, and ultimately obtaining settlements, 
while their CVRA action remained dormant. During the course of that civil 
litigation, Epstein was ordered, over his strenuous objection, to produce documents 
given to him by the government during the course of his settlement/plea 
negotiations with it. See Jane Doe #2 v. Epstein, No. 08-80119-MARRA, Doc. 
462. In response to that order, settlement negotiation correspondence authored by 
government prosecutors (not by Epstein's counsel) was produced to plaintiffs. 
Once the CVRA action was re-activated — after plaintiffs had successfully 
pursued their civil monetary remedies against Mr. Epstein to completion — 
plaintiffs sought to use that correspondence in their CVRA case in support of their 
contentions that the government had violated their CVRA rights by not consulting 
with them before entering into the NPA with Epstein and that, as a remedy, the 
district court should order the rescission of the NPA.2 The government took no 
position on plaintiffs' proposed use of the correspondence. DE60:1-2. See 
DE208:65 (plaintiffs' counsel states that government does not oppose plaintiffs' 
request to use the government's side of the correspondence which had already been 
disclosed to plaintiffs). Thereafter, plaintiffs also sought disclosure from the 
Plaintiffs' civil settlements with Epstein required that, if they sought to use the 
correspondence in the CVRA case, they would provide Epstein with advance 
notice so that he could submit his objections to their use to the district court to be 
ruled upon before the correspondence was publicly disclosed. DE51:2. 
EFTA01134327
--- PAGE 8 ---
government of correspondence authored and sent to the government by Epstein's 
attorneys in the course of their efforts on behalf of their client to resolve the 
ongoing criminal investigation of him. [cite] 
Both Epstein and his criminal defense attorneys — appellants Roy Black and 
Martin Weinberg — filed motions to intervene for the limited purpose of 
challenging the use and disclosure of the settlement/plea negotiation 
correspondence. DE56, 93, followed by supplemental briefing and motions for a 
protective order, contending that the correspondence was privileged and 
confidential under Fed. R. Crim. P 11(0 and Fed. R. Evid. 410 and the work-
product privilege and that the correspondence fell within the bounds of privilege 
under Fed. R. Evid. 501. DE:94, 160,161, 162. Following a hearing on the motions 
to intervene, the government filed a response to the arguments advanced by 
intervenors, in which it agreed with intervenors that settlement/plea negotiation 
communications should remain privileged and confidential. DE100.3
The district court granted the motions to intervene, DEI58, 159, but 
ultimately ruled that the correspondence was subject to disclosure. DE188. The 
district court rejected intervenors' argument based on Rule 410, erroneously 
concluding that the correspondence fell outside the protections of Rule 410. Id. at 
The government's response was not among the pleadings which the district court 
indicated that it considered in ruling on the disclosure issue. See DE188:1. 
EFTA01134328
--- PAGE 9 ---
4. The district court also rejected — again erroneously — the application of Rule 410 
to Epstein's counsel's communications with the government on the ground that 
Epstein had in fact pleaded guilty, albeit in state court. Id. at 4-5. Finally, the 
district court rejected intervenors' argument based on Rule 501 on the ground that 
Congress has already addressed the issue in Fed. R. Crim. P. 11(0 and Fed. R. 
Evid. 410 and did not see fit to recognize a privilege for plea negotiation 
communications. Id. at 8-9. That too was error. 
Intervenors sought a stay of the district court's disclosure order pending 
appeal to this Court, DE193, which the district court denied. DE206. Thereafter, 
intervenors renewed their request for a stay pending appeal in this Court, which 
motion remains pending. During the same time frame, plaintiffs filed a motion to 
dismiss intervenors' appeal for lack of jurisdiction, which intervenors have 
opposed. That motion too remains pending. 
STATEMENT OF STANDARD OF REVIEW 
[TO BE INSERTED] 
SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT 
[TO BE INSERTED] 
ARGUMENT 
The district court's order is the first decision anywhere, insofar as the 
undersigned counsel are aware, which has ordered disclosure to third party litigants 
EFTA01134329
--- PAGE 10 ---
of private and confidential communications from attorneys seeking to resolve a 
criminal matter favorably to their clients to government prosecutors. The district 
court's decision, which drastically reshapes the landscape of criminal settlement 
negotiations and overturns expectations of privacy, confidentiality, and privilege 
on which criminal defense attorneys have reasonably relied for many decades in 
negotiating with government attorneys on behalf of their clients, has potentially 
far-reaching and, intervenors contend, seriously deleterious consequences for the 
ability of attorneys nationwide to effectively represent their clients through open 
and candid communications with government counsel. The decision will have a 
predictably chilling effect on attorneys around the country, if they can no longer 
expect privacy and confidentiality in their written communications with 
prosecutors aimed at reaching a negotiated resolution to a criminal investigation or 
prosecution. Such communications often necessarily involve explicit or implicit 
admissions regarding their client's conduct, legal opinions, and opinions regarding 
acceptable resolutions of the matter, admissions and opinions which attorneys in 
many cases will be loath to commit to written form if they may be subject to later 
disclosure to litigation adversaries of the attorneys' clients. 
This case is far from sui generis — the cases are legion in which there is 
related civil litigation seeking damages or other recovery from individuals who 
were targets of criminal investigations or prosecutions and in which, after 
EFTA01134330
--- PAGE 11 ---
becoming aware of the district court's decision, plaintiffs will begin clamoring for 
access to communications between defendants' counsel and prosecuting authorities 
in the belief that it may support their cases against the defendants. The 
settlement/plea negotiation process, a critical component of the criminal justice 
system and one with serious Sixth Amendment implications once formal charges 
have been brought, cannot function properly unless counsel are assured that their 
communications with prosecutors will not later be subject to disclosure to third 
parties seeking to harm their clients. The need for open and frank exchanges of 
information and opinions during plea/settlement negotiations lies at the heart of 
Rule 410, which itself bars disclosure of the correspondence at issue in this case. 
The settlement/plea negotiation process is of such profound public and 
constitutional importance that the Court should recognize the privileged nature of 
the correspondence under Fed. R. Evid. 501. 
I. 
THE CORRESPONDENCE IS PROTECTED FROM DISCLOSURE 
BY RULE 410 AND THE WORK-PRODUCT PRIVILEGE. 
A. 
The Constitutional Role of Plea Bargaining in the Criminal 
Process. 
Any assessment of the merits of intervenors' contentions must begin with an 
understanding of the central role of plea bargaining and settlement negotiations in 
our criminal justice system and the Sixth Amendment protections which surround 
them. "Plea bargains are . . . central to the administration of the criminal justice 
EFTA01134331
--- PAGE 12 ---
system" because ours is "a system of pleas, not a system of trials." Latter v. 
Cooper, 132 S. Ct. 1376, 1388 (2012); Missouri v. Frye, 132 S. Ct. 1399, 1407 
(2012). In Lafler and Frye, the Supreme Court ruled that the Sixth Amendment 
right to effective assistance of counsel "extends to the plea bargaining process" and 
that defendants are entitled to "the effective assistance of competent counsel" 
during plea negotiations. Lafler, 132 S. Ct. at 1384; Frye, 132 S.Ct. at 1407-09. 
Under Lafler and Frye, counsel have an ongoing obligation to provide effective 
representation in plea bargaining and to engage in communications with the client 
and the prosecutor to discharge that obligation. Even before formal charges are 
brought, counsel representing a client under federal investigation have an 
obligation to secure the best possible outcome for their clients, whether it be one 
which results, as here, in no charges being brought by the prosecuting authority or 
the bringing of fewer, or less serious, charges against the client. Defense counsel 
cannot fulfill their professional obligations to their clients if they must temper their 
communications with the prosecution in the criminal settlement negotiation context 
for fear that disclosures made now will later enure to the clients' severe detriment 
in other litigation contexts. The professional, ethical, and constitutional obligations 
of attorneys representing persons under investigation for, or charged with, crimes 
are terribly at odds with any ruling which exposes those negotiations to public 
scrutiny (or to the scrutiny of later litigation adversaries of the client) and makes 
EFTA01134332
--- PAGE 13 ---
them admissible in evidence to be used as ammunition to harm the clients, yet that 
is the very result which the district court's order enshrines. 
Under the district court's ruling, the attorneys for a person under federal 
criminal investigation may never enter into negotiations with the government with 
the primary aim of avoiding federal indictment entirely, no matter how serious and 
good faith those negotiations, without risking that anything they say on behalf of 
their clients in seeking to arrive at a negotiated settlement may in the future be 
used, either by the government or by adversarial third parties, to the severe 
detriment of their client. This is not and cannot be the law and is certainly unsound 
policy. Indeed, the district court's opinion creates an incentive for attorneys not to 
do precisely what Hickman v. Taylor, 329 U.S. 495 (1947), was intended to 
encourage attorneys to do: reduce facts, ideas, and opinions to writing. A return to 
the days of settlement/plea negotiations conducted through oral, rather than 
written, communications, which the district court's decision will encourage 
whenever the progress of the negotiations or the attainment of the desired objective 
require the attorney to communicate information which, if disclosed in another 
context, would be detrimental to the client's interests would serve no one's 
interests — not the defendant's, not the government's, not the judicial system's, and 
not the public's. 
EFTA01134333
--- PAGE 14 ---
B. 
The Protections Afforded By Rule 410 and Its Role in Promoting 
Effective Plea/Settlement Discussions. 
Rule 410 "creat[es], in effect, a privilege of the defendant." United States v. 
Mezzanatto, 513 U.S. 196, 205 (1995), and, along with its cognate, Fed. R. Crim. 
P. 11(f), "address[es] both individual and systemic concerns in their attempt `to 
permit the unrestrained candor which produces effective plea discussions.' United 
States v. Sylvester, 583 F.3d 285, 288 (5th Cir. 2009), quoting Fed. R. Crim. P. 11 
Advisory Committee Notes (1979). See id. at 291 ("Congress accepted Rules 
11(e)(6) and 410 with their goal of permitting candid plea discussions, serving 
personal as well as institutional interests"). The "central feature" of Rule 410 "is 
that the accused is encouraged candidly to discuss his or her situation in order to 
explore the possibility of disposing of the case through a consensual arrangement." 
United States v. Herman, 544 F.2d 791, 797 (5th Cir. 1977). The Rule is derived 
from "the inescapable truth that for plea bargaining to work effectively and fairly, 
a defendant must be free to negotiate without fear that his statements will later be 
used against him." Id. at 796 (emphasis added). See, e.g., United States v. Ross, 
493 F.2d 771, 775 (5th Cir. ine1974)("If, as the Supreme Court said in Santobello 
[v. United States, 404 U.S. 257 (1971)], plea bargaining is an essential component 
of justice and, properly administered, is to be encouraged, it is immediately 
apparent that no defendant or his counsel will pursue such an effort if the remarks 
EFTA01134334
--- PAGE 15 ---
uttered during the course of it are to be admitted in evidence as proof of guilt"); see 
also United States v. Davis, 617 F.2d 677, 683 (D.C.Cir. 1979)("The most 
significant factor in [Rule 11(e)(6)'s] adoption was the need for free and open 
discussion between the prosecution and the defense during attempts to reach a 
compromise"). 
The settlement negotiations at issue here lie well within the heartland of 
Rule 410's prohibition against the admissibility of plea negotiations "against the 
defendant who was a participant in the plea discussions" "in any civil or criminal 
proceeding" and should be protected from disclosure to third parties for that 
reason. Plaintiffs have made it clear that they intend to use the correspondence to 
prove that the government violated their CVRA rights and that, to remedy that 
violation, the NPA agreement should be rescinded so that they could seek to have 
Epstein prosecuted federally. See DE208:32-33, 61, 64-65. Thus, although the 
government is the defendant in the action, it is plain that the plaintiffs intend to use 
the correspondence "against" Epstein. The words "not admissible against the 
defendant" in Rule 410 refer to "the purpose for which the evidence is offered" and 
not "to the kind of proceeding in which the evidence is offered." Fed. R. Crim. P 
11, Advisory Committee Notes (1979)(emphasis added). See DE100:1, 3-4 
(government agrees that plaintiffs are seeking to use the settlement negotiation 
correspondence against Epstein within the meaning of Rule 410). 
EFTA01134335
--- PAGE 16 ---
C. 
Rule 410, the Work-Product Privilege, and the Sixth Amendment. 
Without persuasive precedent, by ordering the disclosure of settlement 
negotiations to Mr. Epstein's adversaries, the district court has drastically reshaped 
the settlement negotiation landscape to retroactively eliminate the reasonable 
expectation generated by Rule 410 and the work-product privilege, in reliance on 
which these communications were authored by competent and responsible 
attorneys. Those communications were made with complete confidence that their 
contents would remain confidential, known only to counsel for the government and 
intervenors, and would not be subject to possible future disclosure to third parties, 
and certainly not to third parties seeking to use the contents of their attorney 
communications to harm their client. That belief was eminently reasonable and 
based on established practice and understandings regarding the confidentiality of 
such communications. The attorney intervenors' decisions regarding the content of 
the communications sent to the government in the effort to fulfill their professional 
and ethical obligations to their client were made in reliance upon those 
communications not being disclosed outside the attorney-to-attorney settlement 
negotiation process. 
If more is needed in addition to the plain language of Rule 410 to preclude 
disclosure of the correspondence to plaintiffs, it can be found in the conjunction of 
EFTA01134336
--- PAGE 17 ---
Rule 410, the work-product privilege, and the Sixth Amendment right to the 
effective assistance of counsel in the plea bargaining process. As addressed at page 
, supra, it is now firmly established that criminal defendants have a Sixth 
Amendment right to the effective assistance of counsel in the plea negotiation 
process. In the course of providing their clients that assistance, counsel will often 
communicate opinion work product to the prosecutor — opinions as to the facts, 
opinions as to the controlling law, opinions as to the application of the law to the 
facts of the case, opinions as to the strength of the government's case and the 
strength of the defendant's defenses, opinions as to the credibility of government 
witnesses, opinions as to interpretations of the evidence, and the like. Those 
opinions will often directly bear on the defendant's guilt or innocence of the 
offense charged — what he did and did not do, what he knew and did not know, 
what he intended — and are essential to the frank and open exchanges which 
characterize effective representation in the plea bargaining process. Defense 
counsel cannot perform their constitutionally-mandated role in the plea negotiation 
process unless they feel free to make these candid disclosures to the prosecution 
without fear that they will come back to harm their client in another litigation 
context; the more defense counsel feel they must pull their punches during plea 
negotiations to forestall other potential harm to their clients, the less effective their 
representation will be. As counsel framed the issue for the district court: 
EFTA01134337
--- PAGE 18 ---
And here is the problem, your Honor, just to tell you practically what it's 
like out in the field practicing criminal law: If we believe that our statements 
in any was during this plea bargaining process would end up coming back to 
damage our clients in some way, why would we do this? Why would we go 
through this whole process of sending these briefs and letters and 
interpretations of the law and discussions of the various offenses and how 
things could be arranged and the discretion between the federal and the state 
government and all those kinds of things, even discussing proposed charges 
and all of that, why would we ever engage in that if we ever thought these 
things could come back to bite our clients? 
DE208:37. While the Sixth Amendment right to counsel had not yet attached in 
this case, the district court's opinion is equally applicable to cases in which it has. 
Confidentiality of plea negotiation communications is essential to ensure that 
defense counsel can fulfill their constitutional and professional obligations to 
provide their clients with effective representation during the plea negotiation 
process. 
The correspondence at issue here is quintessential opinion work product, and 
addressed matters such as "what the statutes mean, what the import of the statutes 
are, what the cases are, what the discretion of the Attorney General is, .. . 
federalism, the differences between state and federal law enforcement, whether or 
not the government should proceed with this case because of various policy 
reasons." DE208:18. The Federal Rules have codified the common law protections 
for attorney work product. Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(3)(B) exempts from discovery 
documents that contain "mental impressions, conclusions, opinions, or legal 
EFTA01134338
--- PAGE 19 ---
theories of a party's attorney or other representative concerning the litigation." In 
criminal cases, the rules preclude discovery of "reports, memoranda, or other 
internal government documents made by an attorney for the government or other 
government agent in connection with investigating or prosecuting the case," Fed. 
R. Crim. P. 16(a)(2), and "reports, memoranda, or other documents made by the 
defendant, or the defendant's attorney or agent, during the case's investigation or 
defense," Fed. R. Crim. P. 16(b)(2)(A). 
The Supreme Court has recognized "a qualified privilege for certain 
materials prepared by an attorney `acting for his client in anticipation of 
litigation,'" United States v. Nobles, 422 U.S. 225, 237-38 (1975), quoting 
Hickman v. Taylor, 429 U.S. 495, 508 (1947), which applies in both civil and 
criminal litigation: 
Although the work-product doctrine most frequently is asserted as a bar to 
discovery in civil litigation, its role in assuring the proper functioning of the 
criminal justice system is even more vital. The interests of society and the 
accused in obtaining a fair and accurate resolution of the question of guilt or 
innocence demand that adequate safeguards assure the thorough preparation 
and presentation of each side of the case. 
Nobles, 422 U.S. at 238. In Hickman, the Court described the policy which dictates 
that opinion work product of attorneys be protected from disclosure. An attorney 
must "work for the advancement of justice while faithfully protecting the rightful 
interests of his clients," 329 U.S. at 510-11, and to perform his duties to his client, 
EFTA01134339
--- PAGE 20 ---
"it is essential that a lawyer work with a certain degree of privacy, free from 
unnecessary intrusion by opposing parties and their counsel." Properly preparing a 
client's case demands that the lawyer "assemble information, sift what he 
considers to be the relevant from the irrelevant facts, prepare his legal theories, and 
plan his legal strategy without undue and needless interference." Id. That work will 
be reflected "in interviews, statements, memoranda, correspondence, briefs, mental 
impressions, personal beliefs, and countless other tangible and intangible ways . . . 
"Id. If such materials were open to adverse parties "on mere demand," then 
"much of what is now put down in writing would remain unwritten. An attorney's 
thoughts, heretofore inviolate, would not be his own." Id. Inevitably, 
"[i]nefficiency, unfairness and sharp practices would .. . develop in the giving of 
legal advice and the preparation of cases for trial." Id. Ultimately, [t]he effect on 
the legal profession would be demoralizing. And the interests of clients and the 
cause of justice would be poorly served." Id. For these reasons, attorney opinion 
work product is afforded the most comprehensive protection under the law. As this 
Court has recognized, "[o]pinion work product enjoys a nearly absolute immunity 
and can be discovered only in very rare and extraordinary circumstances." Cox v. 
Administrator U.S. Steel & Carnegie, 17 F.3d 1386, 1422 (11th Cir. 1994). 
The district court, examining the work-product issue in isolation, concluded 
that the work-product privilege had been waived by sending the correspondence at 
EFTA01134340
--- PAGE 21 ---
issue to the government. DEI88:6-7. However, in the context of plea/settlement 
negotiations, the question of work-product waiver must be assessed in conjunction 
with the constitutional right to effective assistance of counsel in the plea 
negotiation process and the protections of Rules 410 and 11 (t). "[C]ommon law 
principles embodied in the . . . work product doctrine are to be applied in a 
common sense way in light of reason and experience as determined on a case-by-
case basis." In re Six Grand Jury Witnesses, 979 F.3d 939, 944 (2d Cir. 1992). 
"The purposes of the work product privilege . . . are not inconsistent with selective 
disclosure — even in some circumstances to an adversary." Williams & Connolly v. 
S.E.C., 662 F.3d 1240, 1244 (D.C.Cir. 2011). Here, the government was 
unquestionably Epstein's adversary in the matter of the federal criminal 
investigation, but the disclosures were made in circumstances in which the 
attorneys were, in light of the protections afforded by Rules 410 and 11(0 and the 
customary practices of the defense and prosecution function, entitled to assume 
would remain confidential and would not be disclosed to third parties. See United 
States v. Deloitte UP, 610 F.3d 129, 141 (D.C.Cir. 2010)(court "examine[s] 
whether the disclosing party had a reasonable basis for believing that the recipient 
would keep the disclosed material confidential"). That expectation of 
confidentiality is bolstered by the utter dearth of precedent even remotely 
EFTA01134341
--- PAGE 22 ---
suggesting that plea/settlement negotiation communications may be subject to 
discovery in civil or other litigation. 
Intervenors are aware of no case which has examined the work product 
privilege in the context of settlement/plea negotiations, Rules 410 and 11(0, and 
the Sixth Amendment right to the effective assistance of counsel during the plea 
negotiation process. Certainly none of the cases relied on by the district court did. 
Invoking a work-product waiver theory for communications made by defense 
attorneys to prosecutors during settlement/plea negotiations is flatly inconsistent 
with the policies and purposes underlying Rules 410 and 11(0 and, where the Sixth 
Amendment right to counsel has attached, would severely compromise counsel's 
ability to provide his client with the constitutionally-mandated effective assistance 
of counsel in the plea negotiation process. 
D. 
The District Court's Reasons for Finding that The 
Correspondence at Issue Did Not Fall Within Rule 410 Are 
Unpersuasive. 
The district court advanced two reasons for its conclusion that the 
correspondence at issue was not within the protections of Rule 410: (1) that the 
correspondence "arguably" constituted only "general discussions of leniency and 
statements made in the hope of avoiding a federal indictment," DE188:4, and (2) 
EFTA01134342
--- PAGE 23 ---
that the communications resulted in Epstein's plea of guilty in state court, 
DE188:4-5. Both reasons are equally unpersuasive. 
As for the first reason, "[t]o determine whether a discussion should be 
characterized as a plea negotiation the trial court must `determine, first, whether 
the accused exhibited an actual subjective expectation to negotiate a plea at the 
time of the discussion, and second, whether the accused's expectation was 
reasonable given the totality of the objective circumstances.'" United States v. 
Merrill, 685 F.3d 1002, 1013 (11th Cir. 2012), quoting United States v. Robertson, 
582 F.2d 1356, 1366 (5th Cir. 1978). See United States v. Knight, 867 F.2d 1285, 
1288 (11th Cir. 1989)("suppressing the evidence of plea negotiations serves the 
policy of ensuring a free dialogue . . . when the accused and the government 
actually engage in plea negotiations"). Here, the best proof that the 
communications at issue were not merely "general discussions of leniency" is that 
they unquestionably resulted in an agreement which settled the federal criminal 
investigation of Epstein. This case is, therefore, dispositively different from the 
cases on which the district court relied. 
Merrill concerned statements made by the defendant himself in informal 
meetings with the prosecution prior to his scheduled grand jury testimony. See 685 
F.3d at 1007-08. The only discussions of leniency involved the government's 
EFTA01134343
--- PAGE 24 ---
generalized statement to the defendant that if he cooperated, the government would 
recommend leniency when he was sentenced. Id. Notably, the Court's ruling that 
the district court had not erred in refusing to suppress the defendant's statements 
rested on its conclusion that, given the circumstances, the defendant could not 
have reasonably believed that he was engaged in plea negotiations. Id. at 1013. The 
case does not stand for the general proposition advanced by the district court that 
settlement discussions in advance of the return of an indictment categorically do 
not fall within Rule 410. 
The other two cases relied on by the district court are equally inapposite. 
United States v. Adelman, 458 F.3d 791 (8th Cir. 2006), involved statements made 
by the defendant to federal prosecutors during meetings at which she was told, 
according to the government, that she was a "prime suspect" in criminal 
wrongdoing and that any statements she made could be used against her. Id. at 805. 
In United States v. Hare, 49 F.3d 447 (8th Cir. 1995), like the other two cases, the 
statements at issue were made by the defendant to prosecutors voluntarily and 
unconditionally in the unilateral hope of bettering his chances. Id. at 451. 
Here, unlike Merrill and the other cases on which the district court relied, 
the communications were made attorney-to-attorney under circumstances which 
EFTA01134344
--- PAGE 25 ---
leave no room to doubt that the parties were engaged in serious negotiations to 
resolve the federal criminal investigation of Epstein. 
As for the district court's second reason, in the sole case the district court 
cited for the proposition that Epstein's plea of guilty in state court vitiated the 
protections of Rule 410, United States v. Paden, 908 F.2d 1229 (5th Cir. 1990), 
the defendant pled guilty to federal charges pursuant to his plea agreement. That. 
Epstein entered into a plea in state court to state offenses is irrelevant to the Rule 
410 analysis. The plain meaning of Rule 410(4) is that the defendant must enter a 
plea in federal court relating to the federal offenses under investigation. If 
Congress had intended to include state court pleas in subsection (4), it would have 
expressly done so, as it did in subsection (3). There, Congress expressly provided 
for change-of-plea proceedings in federal court and "comparable state procedures." 
Fed. R. Evid. 410(3). Congress did not provide for state court pleas in subsection 
(4) of the rule, and "where Congress includes particular language in one section of 
a statute but omits it in another . . . it is generally presumed that Congress acts 
intentionally and purposely in the disparate inclusion or exclusion." Keene Corp. v. 
United States, 508 U.S. 200, 208 (1993). 
The plain meaning of Rule 410 is that any disclosure of plea negotiation 
statements must relate to the plea that was actually entered. Here, there was no 
EFTA01134345
--- PAGE 26 ---
guilty plea to the federal offenses which the government was investigating and 
which were the subject of the settlement negotiation correspondence, in which 
Epstein's counsel addressed the reasons why Epstein should not be prosecuted 
federally. The substantive settlement discussions thus revolved around offenses to 
which Epstein did not ultimately plead guilty, but which are the very offenses for 
which plaintiffs now seek to have Epstein prosecuted. Under such circumstances, 
the protections of Rule 410 should be at their zenith, not their nadir. Under the 
district court's interpretation of Rule 410, the federal government or a state 
government could use all the statements made during the settlement negotiations to 
begin a new investigation of Epstein and then use the statements made by Epstein 
and his attorneys to prosecute him, even if all the statements related to allegations 
and potential charges that never resulted in a plea of guilty. Such an interpretation 
is wholly inconsistent with the purposes of Rule 410 to create a protected sphere 
within which defendants and their counsel can engage in frank, candid, and open 
plea/settlement discussions without fear that their statements will one day be used 
to the defendant's detriment if the negotiations do not produce a guilty plea to the 
charges under discussion. See Section 
, supra. 
II. 
THE COURT SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT THERE IS A 
COMMON LAW PRIVILEGE FOR SETTLEMENT/PLEA 
NEGOTIATION COMMUNICATIONS IN CRIMINAL CASES. 
EFTA01134346
--- PAGE 27 ---
In invoking Rule 501, intervenors are not asking for the recognition of a 
"new" privilege but instead for the de jure validation of a de facto privilege which 
has been effectively recognized — and relied upon — for decades by attorneys 
representing criminal defendants in both federal and state courts. Indeed, the 
Supreme Court has already recognized that Rule 410 "creat[es], in effect, a 
privilege of the defendant." United States v. Mezzanatto, 513 U.S. 196, 205 
(1995).4
"The Federal Rules of Evidence acknowledge the authority of the federal 
courts to continue the evolutionary development of testimonial privileges . 
`governed by the principles of common law as they may be interpreted . . . in the 
light of reason and experience.'" Trammel v. United States, 445 U.S. 40, 47 
(1980), quoting Fed. R. Evid. 501. In enacting Rule 501, Congress rejected the 
proposed rule which limited federally-recognized privileges to a list of nine 
specific privileges, "manifest[ing] a affirmative intention not to freeze the law of 
privilege. Its purpose rather was to provide the courts with the flexibility to 
In Mezzanatto, the defendant challenged the admissibility of plea negotiation 
statements he made to a prosecutor, who had conditioned his willingness to enter 
into discussions with the defendant on the defendant's agreement that any 
statements he made could be used to impeach him if the case went to trial and he 
took the stand. In concluding that the protections of Rules 410 and 11(e)(6)(the 
precursor to Rule 11(f)) could be waived by a defendant, the Court stated that, like 
other privileges, the privilege created by Rules 410 and 11(e)(6) could be waived 
by the defendant. 
EFTA01134347
--- PAGE 28 ---
develop rules of privilege on a case-by-case basis . .. and to leave the door open to 
change." Trammel, 445 U.S. at 47 (internal quotation marks omitted). In Jaffee v. 
Redmond, 518 U.S. 1 (1996), the Supreme Court explored the considerations 
which govern the recognition of privileges under Rule 501. Even though the public 
generally "has a right to every man's evidence," id at 9, exceptions to that general 
rule "may be justified . . . by a `public good transcending the normally 
predominant principle of utilizing all rational means for ascertaining the truth.'" 
Id., quoting Trammel, 445 U.S. at 50. The question which must be answered is 
whether protecting the communications at issue "promotes sufficiently important 
interests to outweigh the need for probative evidence." Id., quoting Trammel, 445 
U.S. at 51. In Jaffee, "reason and experience" convinced the Court that the 
psychotherapist-patient privilege did so: 
Effective psychotherapy .. . depends upon an atmosphere of confidence and 
trust in which the patient is willing to make a frank and complete disclosure 
of facts, emotions, memories, and fears. Because of the sensitive nature of 
the problems for which individuals consult psychotherapists, disclosure of 
confidential communications may cause embarrassment and disgrace. For 
this reason, the mere possibility of disclosure may impede the development 
of the confidential relationship necessary for successful treatment. 
518 U.S. at 10. The Court then examined "the likely evidentiary benefit that would 
result from the denial of the privilege," which it concluded was, in the 
psychotherapist-patient privilege context, "modest" because 
EFTA01134348
--- PAGE 29 ---
[i]f the privilege were rejected, confidential conversations between 
psychotherapists and their patients would surely be chilled, particularly 
when it is obvious that the circumstances that give rise to the need for 
treatment will probably result in litigation. Without a privilege, much of the 
desirable evidence to which litigants such as petitioner seek access - for 
example, admissions against interest by a party — is unlikely to come into 
being. The unspoken `evidence' will therefore serve no greater truth-seeking 
function than if it had been spoken and privileged. 
Id. at 11-12 (emphasis added). Lastly, the Court looked to the consensus of the 
states that recognition of a psychotherapist-patient privilege was appropriate. As 
this Court has summarized the Jaffee factors: "1) the needs of the public good; 2) 
whether the privilege is rooted in the imperative need for confidence and trust, 3) 
the evidentiary benefit of the denial of the privilege, and 4) the consensus among 
the states." Atkins v. Christie, 488 F.3d 1324, 1328 (11th Cir. 2007). These factors 
all militate in favor of the recognition that there is a common law privilege for 
settlement/plea negotiation communications. 
A. 
The Public Has a Strong Interest in the Effective Functioning of 
the Plea/Settlement Negotiation Process. 
Recognition of the settlement/plea negotiation communication privilege 
would serve a critically important public interest in the effective functioning of the 
criminal justice system. The privilege encourages disposition of criminal cases by 
plea agreement, which is "an essential component of the administration of justice," 
which is "to be encouraged" because "[i]f every criminal charge were subjected to 
a full-scale trial, the states and the federal government would need to multiply by 
EFTA01134349
--- PAGE 30 ---
many times the number of judges and court facilities." Santobello v. New York, 404 
U.S. 257, 260 (1971). "[T]he guilty plea and the often concomitant plea bargain are 
important components of this country's criminal justice system" which "benefit all 
concerned." Blackledge v. Allison, 431 U.S. 63, 71 (1977). Those sentiments are 
just as true today, when the overwhelming majority of criminal cases are resolved 
through plea bargaining. Reason and experience counsel that our system of 
sentencing laws, ethical rules, federal court dockets, and constitutional 
considerations will not function if plea negotiation communications are not 
privileged. After all, "it is immediately apparent that no defendant or his counsel 
[would] pursue [plea negotiations] if the remarks uttered during the course of it are 
to be admitted in evidence as proof of guilt." Herman, 544 F.2d at 797. 
Similar considerations led the Sixth Circuit to recognize a settlement 
negotiation privilege under Rule 501 and to conclude that there is a strong public 
interest in the secrecy of statements made during settlement negotiations in civil 
cases: 
There exists a strong public interest in favor of secrecy of matters discussed 
by parties during settlement negotiations. This is true whether settlement 
negotiations are done under the auspices of the court or informally between 
the parties. The ability to negotiate and settle a case without trial fosters a 
more efficient, more cost-effective, and significantly less burdened judicial 
system. In order for settlement talks to be effective, parties must feel 
uninhibited in their communications. Parties are unlikely to propose the 
types of compromises that most effectively lead to settlement unless they are 
EFTA01134350
--- PAGE 31 ---
confident that their proposed solutions cannot be used on cross-examination, 
under the ruse of "impeachment evidence," by some future third party. 
Parties must be able to abandon their adversarial tendencies to some degree. 
They must be able to make hypothetical concessions, offer creative quid pro 
quos, and generally make statements that would otherwise belie their 
litigation efforts. Without a privilege, parties would more often forego 
negotiations for the relative formality of a trial. Then, the entire negotiation 
process collapse upon itself, and the judicial efficiency it fosters is lost. 
EFTA01134351
--- PAGE 32 ---
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. v. Chiles Power Supply, Inc., 332 F.3d 976, 980 (6th 
Cir. 2003).5 See Reichenbach v. Smith, 528 F.2d 1072, 1074 (11th Cir. 1976)("A 
primary reason for excluding evidence of compromise is to encourage non-litigious 
solutions to disputes. Admission of evidence of the settlement could work to 
discourage plaintiffs and defendants from settling with one or more of several 
codefendants. . . . With today's burgeoning dockets and the absolute impossibility 
of courts ever beginning to think that they might even be able to hear every case, 
the cause of justice is advanced by settlement compromises sheparded by 
competent counsel. . . ."). As the Goodyear Tire Court noted, "confidential 
settlement communications are a tradition in this country." 332 F.3d at 980.6
The Federal Circuit declined to recognize a settlement negotiation privilege in In 
re MTSG, Inc., 675 F.3d 1337 (Fed. Cir. 2012). In so doing, however, the MTSG 
Court elevated subsidiary considerations elevated subsidiary considerations — the 
policy decisions of the states, whether Congress had spoken on the issue, the list of 
privileges which Congress rejected in enacting Rule 501, only one of which 
appears on this Court's summary in Adkins of the most important considerations 
identified in Jaffee — over the most important consideration, the strong public and 
private interests at stake. The Goodyear Tire analysis is far more consonant with 
the Supreme Court's teaching in Jaffee than is MTSG. 
In Baker v. Secretary, U.S. Dept of Transportation, 452 Fed. Appx. 934, 937 
(11th Cir. 2012), this Court appeared to assume the existence of a settlement 
negotiations privilege, stating, citing Goodyear Tire, that "the settlement 
negotiations privilege does not apply" to communications made before litigation 
was even contemplated. 
EFTA01134352
--- PAGE 33 ---
For similar reasons, a number of courts have concluded that the public 
interest in resolving disputes without litigation is sufficiently important to warrant 
the recognition of a mediation privilege. In Folb v. Motion Picture Industry 
Pension & Health Plans, 16 F.Supp.2d 1164 (C.D.Cal. 1998), the court described 
several ways in which the mediation privilege serves important public interests: (1) 
it would encourag[e] prompt, consensual resolution of disputes, minimizing the 
social and individual costs of litigation, and markedly reducing the size of state and 
federal court dockets," id. at 1176; it would "encourag[e] open communications in 
mediation which ultimately leads to better relationships between the parties and to 
voluntary settlement of cases pending in state and federal courts, id. at 1177; and it 
would "promot[e] conciliatory relationships among the parties to a dispute, .. . 
reduc[e] litigation costs, and . 
decreas[e] the size of state and federal court 
dockets, thereby increasing the quality of justice in those cases that do not settle 
voluntarily." Id. See, e.g., Sheldone v. Pennsylvania Turnpike Comm 'n, 104 
F.Supp.2d 511, 514 (W.D.Pa. 2000)(Absent a mediation privilege, "[t]he 
effectiveness of mediation would be destroyed, thereby threatening the well 
established public needs of encouraging settlement and reducing court dockets"); 
In re RDM Sports Group, Inc., 277 B.R. 415, 430 n.6 (N.D. Ga. 
2002)("encouragement of settlement negotiations and alternative dispute resolution 
is a compelling interest sufficient to justify recognition of a mediation privilege"); 
EFTA01134353
--- PAGE 34 ---
see also Lake Utopia Paper Ltd. v. Connelly Containers, Inc., 608 F.2d 928, 930 
(2d Cir. 1979)(absence of confidentiality of matters discussed at Civil Appeals 
Management Plan conferences "would surely destroy the effectiveness of a 
program which has led to settlements and withdrawals of some appeals and to the 
simplification of issues in other appeals, thereby expediting cases at a time when 
the judicial resources of this Court are sorely taxed").7
The same compelling public interest in encouraging settlement negotiation 
to promote the efficient and effective operation of the judicial system exists in the 
context of criminal cases. "Ninety-seven percent of federal convictions and ninety-
four percent of state convictions are the result of guilty pleas." Frye, 132 S.Ct. at 
1407. Thus, plea/settlement negotiation "is not some adjunct to the criminal justice 
system, it is the criminal justice system." Id. (emphasis in original). The 
plea/settlement negotiation communication privilege is essential to the functioning 
of that system — indeed, to its very ability to function at all — because, as addressed 
in Section 
supra, and Section 
infra, absent such a privilege, counsel will 
not feel free to engage in the open and candid discussions which lie at the heart of 
effective plea/settlement negotiation, which often involve making admissions 
about the defendant's conduct and concessions about the strengths of the 
Courts have not been uniform in adopting the mediation privilege. See, e.g., 
[insert cases rejecting mediation privilege] 
EFTA01134354
--- PAGE 35 ---
prosecution's case, proposing compromises, and taking positions at odds with 
those they would advance if the matter were to be litigated. 
B. 
The Private Interests at Stake Are Profoundly Important. 
Plea negotiations are "rooted in the imperative need for confidence and 
trust," Jaffee, 518 U.S. at 10, and maintaining their confidentiality advances 
significant private as well as public interests. There is an "imperative need" that 
counsel be able to trust that communications made to prosecutors in the course of 
the plea/settlement negotiation process will remain confidential and not be subject 
to later disclosure to third parties seeking to harm their clients. In most criminal 
cases, it is the negotiation with the prosecution, not a judge or jury, which will 
determine who goes to jail and for how long. A system in which counsel must 
evaluate every statement they contemplate making to a prosecutor in the course of 
plea/settlement negotiations in terms of the damage it may later do their clients if 
subject to discovery in other litigation is one in which counsel cannot provide the 
effective assistance of counsel required by the Sixth Amendment. "The reality is 
that plea bargains have become so central to the administration of the criminal 
justice system that defense counsel have responsibilities in the plea bargain 
process, responsibilities that must be met to render the adequate assistance of 
counsel that the Sixth Amendment requires in the criminal process at critical 
EFTA01134355
--- PAGE 36 ---
stages." Frye, 132 S.Ct. at 1407. The central focus of those responsibilities in the 
plea negotiation process is achieving the optimum result for the client, which may 
include conviction on less serious charges or less or no time behind bars. In the 
pre-indictment context where, as here, they are conducted during an ongoing grand 
jury investigation, counsel may not have Sixth Amendment responsibilities to the 
client, but their ethical and professional responsibilities to achieve the best result 
possible for their clients are no less real or important. As discussed in Sections 
„ 
supra, counsel cannot effectively fulfill those responsibilities unless they 
are free to communicate with prosecutors openly and frankly, without tempering or 
censoring their plea/settlement communications to avoid making statements that 
could later come back to haunt their clients in subsequent litigation. As in Jaffee, 
"[b]ecause of the sensitive nature of the problems for which individuals [facing 
criminal prosecution or investigation] consult [attorneys], disclosure of 
confidential communications [made during the plea/settlement negotiation process] 
may cause embarrassment or disgrace," 518 U.S. at 10, and "confidential 
communications between [defense attorneys and prosecutors] would surely be 
chilled, particularly when it is obvious that the circumstances that give rise to [the 
communications] will probably result in litigation." Id. at 11-12. 
The reasons which courts have given for applying a settlement or mediation 
privilege apply with even more force to plea/settlement negotiations in criminal 
EFTA01134356
--- PAGE 37 ---
cases, which have constitutional ramifications which do not appear in civil actions. 
Unlike disputes which are subject to civil mediation, criminal cases involve 
decisions regarding a defendant's life and liberty. Thus, in plea negotiations, the 
need for "counsel to discuss matters in an uninhibited fashion" is even more 
important. See Lake Utopia Paper, 608 F.2d at 930. When an individual is facing 
loss of liberty, he has an even greater "need for confidentiality and trust between 
participants in a [plea negotiation]." Folb, 161 F.Supp.2d at 1175, and the 
detriment to clients in criminal cases even greater if their attorneys must, as they 
would in the absence of the privilege, "feel constrained to conduct themselves in a 
cautious, tight-lipped non-committal manner more suitable to poker players in a 
high-stakes game than to adversaries attempting to arrive at a just resolution of a . . 
. dispute." Sheldon, 104 F.Supp.2d at 514, quoting Lake Utopia Paper, 608 F.2d 
at 930. Counsel will hesitate before "mak[ing] hypothetical concessions, offer[ing] 
creative quid pro quos, and generally mak[ing] statements that would belie their 
litigation efforts." Software Tree, LLC v. Red Hat, Inc. , 2010 WL 2788202 at *3 
(E.D.Tex. June 24, 2010), quoting Goodyear Tire, 3432 F.3d at 980. Discovery 
and use of plea negotiation communications will cause "a meaningful and 
irreparable chill" to the "frank and complete disclosures" that result in negotiated 
resolution of criminal matters. In re Air Crash Near Cali, Colombia, 959 F.Supp. 
1529 (S.D.Fla. 1997). Thus, the private interests at stake, including the 
EFTA01134357
--- PAGE 38 ---
preservation of the Sixth Amendment right to the effective assistance of counsel in 
the plea bargaining process, are sufficiently compelling to warrant the recognition 
of a plea/settlement negotiation communication privilege. 
C. 
The Evidentiary Costs of the Privilege Would Be Negligible. 
The communications which would be disclosed under the district court 's 
order were made by intervenor attorneys on behalf of Epstein as part of a full, 
open, and frank negotiation with government counsel directed toward resolving the 
federal criminal investigation of Epstein on the most favorable terms possible. 
Those communications were made with complete confidence that their contents 
would remain confidential, known only to counsel for the government and 
intervenors, and would not be subject to possible future disclosure to third parties, 
and certainly not to third parties seeking to use the contents of their attorney 
communications to harm their client. That belief was eminently reasonable and 
based on established practice and understandings regarding the confidentiality of 
such communications on which they relied in making those communications. The 
attorney intervenors' decisions regarding the content of the communications sent to 
the government in the effort to fulfill their professional and ethical obligations to 
their client were made in reliance upon those communications not being disclosed 
outside the attorney-to-attorney settlement negotiation process. The fact of the 
matter is that, if defense counsel know that their communications with government 
EFTA01134358
--- PAGE 39 ---
counsel may later be subject to discovery in other litigation and then to public 
disclosure, they will necessarily refrain from making admissions and concessions, 
either of fact or law, which could later harm their clients. Thus, as in Jaffee, the 
"evidence" which would be available for later discovery would likely never come 
into being: 
In contrast to the significant public and private interests supporting 
recognition of the privilege, the likely evidentiary that would result from the 
denial of the privilege is modest. If the privilege were rejected, confidential 
communications between psychotherapists and their patients would surely 
be chilled, particularly when it is obvious that the circumstances that give 
rise to the need for treatment will probably result in litigation. Without a 
privilege, much of the desirable evidence to which litigants such as 
petitioner seek access — for example, admissions against interest by a party —
is unlikely to come into being. This unspoken "evidence" will therefore 
serve no greater truth-seeking function than if it had been spoken and 
privileged. 
Jaffee, 518 U.S. at 11-12. See, e.g., Sheldone, 104 F.Supp.2d at 517 ("the most 
compelling reason for recognizing the mediation privilege is the Plaintiffs' lack of 
entitlement to any admission of the Defendant that, but for the mediation process, 
would not have come into being"); Folb, 16 F.Supp.2d at 1177 (concluding that 
Jaffee reasoning quoted above "applies with respect to party admissions in 
mediation proceedings"); In re Air Crash Near Cali, Colombia, 959 F.Supp. 1529, 
1534-35 (S.D.Fla. 1997)(recognizing privilege for pilot's reports to airline of 
violations of FAA regulations in based on public and private interests in airline 
safety investigation and because, if the privilege were not recognized, pilots would 
EFTA01134359
--- PAGE 40 ---
not make written reports of violations if they had to fear that their reports would be 
used in litigation or made public); see also RDM Sports, 277 B.R. at 430 (because 
alternate methods of dispute resolution are to be encouraged, "it makes little sense 
to place the costs of doing so — the requirement that they make communications 
and generate documents that would not otherwise come into existence — so high as 
to discourage their participation"). The same is equally true in the settlement/plea 
negotiation communication context. 
Moreover, as the Sixth Circuit noted in Goodyear Tire, during settlement 
negotiations 
[w]hat is stated as fact on the record could very well not be the sort of 
evidence which the parties would otherwise contend to be wholly true. That 
is, the parties may assume disputed facts to be true for the unique purpose of 
settlement negotiations. The discovery of these sort of "facts" would be 
highly misleading if allowed to be used for purposes other than settlement. 
332 F.3d at 981. Moreover, plea/settlement discussions may be "motivated by a 
desire for peace rather than from a concession of the merits of the claim." Id., 
quoting United States v. Contra Costa County Water Dist, 678 F.2d 90, 92 (9th 
Cir. 1982). In such circumstances, refusing to recognize the common law privilege 
for settlement/plea negotiation communications would hardly advance the search 
for the truth. 
Finally, the vast majority of plea discussions end with a plea agreement and 
a guilty plea. In such cases, parties to other litigation will have available to them 
EFTA01134360
--- PAGE 41 ---
the far more powerful evidence of the defendant's admissions to criminal 
wrongdoing in open court. The negotiations to which the privilege would apply 
would affect only the tiny percentage of criminal cases in which the case goes to 
trial after plea negotiations fail to resolve the case or cases such as this one, in 
which the negotiations result in the prosecution's not bringing charges against the 
defendant. 
D. 
The Consensus Among the States. 
Every state, whether by rule or statute, has guaranteed that communications 
made during plea negotiations will not be admissible in evidence against the 
individual who engaged in those plea negotiations, largely in recognition of the 
same purposes underlying Rule 410 to promote open and frank plea discussions.' 
i Alaska: Alaska Rule Evid. 410; Arizona: Ariz. R. Crim. P. 17.4; Arkansas: Ark. 
R. Evid. 410; California Colorado: Colo. R. Evid. 410; Connecticut Delaware: 
Del. R. Evid. 410; Florida: Fla. Stat. Ann. §90.410; Georgia Hawaii: Hawaii R. 
Evid. 410; Idaho: Idaho R. Evid. 410; Illinois: Ill. S.Ct. Rule 402(f); Indiana: Ind. 
R. Evid. 410; Iowa: Iowa R. Evid. 5.410; Kansas Kentucky: Ky R. Evid. 410; 
Louisiana: LSA-C.E. Art. 410; Maine: Maine R. Evid. 410; Maryland: Md. Rules, 
Rule 5-410; Massachusetts: Mass. R. Crim. P. 12(f); Michigan: Mich. R. Evid. 
410; Minnesota: Minn. R. Evid. 410; Mississippi: Miss. R. Evid. 410; Missouri: 
Mo. R. Crim. P. 24.02(d)(5); Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire: N.H. 
R. Evid. 410; New Jersey: N.J. R. Evid. 410; New Mexico: N.M. R. Evid. 410; 
New York North Carolina: N.C. R. Evid. 410; North Dakota: N.D. R. Evid. 410; 
Ohio: Ohio R. Evid. 410; Oklahoma: 12 Okl. Stat. Ann. §2410; Oregon: Or. Rev. 
Stat. §135.435; Pennsylvania: Pa. R. Evid. 410; Rhode Island: R.I. R. Evid. 410; 
South Carolina: S.C. R. Evid. 410; South Dakota: S.D.C.L. §19-12-12; Tennessee: 
Tenn. R. Evid. 410; Texas: Texas R. Evid. 410; Utah" Utah R. Evid. 410; 
Vermont: Vt. R. Evid. 410; Virginia" Va. S.Ct. Rule 3A:8; Washington: Wa. R. 
EFTA01134361
--- PAGE 42 ---
A number of state courts have described the prohibition against the admission of 
plea discussions as a privilege. See, e.g., State v. Boggs, 741 N.W.2d 492, 504 
(Iowa 2007)(state cognate to Rule 410 "makes certain plea discussions 
inadmissible at trial because they are privileged"); State v. Blom, 682 N.W.2d 578, 
620 (Minn. 2004)("Just as the physician/patient privilege safeguards the 
confidentiality of physician/patient communications in order to foster open and 
honest communications between physicians and patients, Rule 410 safeguards the 
confidentiality of plea negotiations in order to foster meaningful dialogue between 
the parties and to promote the disposition of criminal cases by compromise"); 
Jasper v. State, 871 So.2d 729, 731 (Miss. 2004)("a statement made during plea 
negotiations is privileged and its admission is prohibited by M.R.E. 410(4)"); 
Shriver v. State, 632 P.2d 420, 426 (Okla. Crim. App. 1980)(describing "majority 
view" that even absent state statute, "any communication relating to the plea 
bargaining process was privileged and inadmissible in evidence unless the 
defendant subsequently entered a plea of guilty which had not been withdrawn"); 
State v. Trujillo, 93 N.M. 724, 727, 605 P.2d 232, 235 (N.M.1980)("a weighing of 
conflicting policies demonstrates that the balance is tipped in favor of interpreting 
Evid. 410; West Virginia: W. Va. R. Evid. 410; Wisconsin: Wisc. Stat. Ann. 
§904.10; Wyoming 
EFTA01134362
--- PAGE 43 ---
Rule 410 as the cloak of privilege around plea negotiation discussions"); Moulder 
v. State, 154 Ind. App. 248, 254, 289 N.E.2d 522, 525-26 (Ind. App. 1972)("The 
majority of our courts now follow the rule that communications relating to plea 
bargaining in criminal prosecutions are privileged and are not admissible in 
evidence"). Thus, there is a strong consensus in the states that, at least where, as 
here, no guilty plea was entered to the offenses which were the subject of the 
negotiations, plea negotiation communications are protected from public disclosure 
in the courts. A decision such as that of the district court, which would make 
confidential plea/settlement negotiation communications discoverable in civil or 
other subsequent litigation upsets the expectations not only of the participants in 
the criminal plea/settlement negotiation process but of the states as well. 
E. 
Recognition of the Common Law Settlement/Plea Negotiation 
Privilege Is Not Inconsistent With Congress' Intention in 
Enacting Rules 410 and 11(f). 
The district court rejected intervenors' contention that the Court should 
recognize the existence of a common law privilege for communications made in 
the course of settlement/plea negotiations on the ground that Congress has already 
addressed the issue in Fed. R. Crim. P. 11(f) and Fed. R. Evid. 410 and did not see 
fit to recognize a privilege for plea negotiation communications. DE188:
Neither the Rules of Evidence nor the Rules of Criminal Procedure, however, have 
ever dealt with specifying the privileges which will and will not be recognized; 
EFTA01134363
--- PAGE 44 ---
instead, they leave that function to the courts under Rule 501. Nothing in Rules 
11(1) or 410 suggest that Congress rejected (or even thought about) a privilege for 
attorney settlement/plea negotiation communications when framing those 
provisions. Rules 11(0 and 410 deal only with what is admissible; they do not 
purport to extend to what is discoverable. 
Rule 410 begins with the assumption that a litigant such as the government 
is already in possession of plea negotiation materials, and thus the Rule describes 
the circumstances in which those materials may either be admitted or excluded 
from consideration at trial. It says nothing, however, about whether a 
nonparticipant in the plea negotiations is entitled to obtain those materials in 
discovery in the first instance to advance interests distinct from those at issue 
during the plea or settlement negotiations between a target of a federal criminal 
investigation and the prosecutors conducting the grand jury investigation of him. 
That question must be answered by reference to Fed. R. Evid. 501, which 
"empower[s] the federal courts to `continue the evolutionary development of 
[evidentiary] privileges!" Adkins v. Christie, 488 F.3d 1324, 1328 (11th Cir. 
2007), quoting Trammel v. United States, 445 U.S. 40, 47 (1980). 
III. THIS COURT HAS JURISDICTION OVER THE INTERVENORS' 
APPEAL UNDER THE PERLMAN DOCTRINE. 
EFTA01134364
--- PAGE 45 ---
The question of this Court's jurisdiction has been addressed in plaintiffs-
appellees' Motion to Dismiss Non-Party Interlocutory Appeal, filed with this Court 
on July 2, 2013, intervenors/appellants' Response to Motion to Dismiss Non-Party 
Interlocutory Appeal, filed with this Court on July 12, 2013, and Reply in Support 
of Motion to Dismiss Non-Party interlocutory Appeal, filed with this Court on July 
16, 2013. That motion remains pending before the Court. 
This Court has jurisdiction of this appeal under Perlman v. United States, 
247 U.S. 7 (1918). "[U]nder the . . . Perlman doctrine, a discovery order directed at 
a disinterested third party is treated as an immediately appealable final order 
because the third party presumably lacks a sufficient stake in the proceeding to risk 
contempt by refusing compliance." Church of Scientology v. United States, 506 
U.S. 9, 18 n.11 (1992). See, e.g., In re Grand Jury Proceedings, 142 F.3d 1416, 
1420 n.9 (I 1 th Cir. 1998)(under Perlman, an order to disclose materials as to 
which a claim of privilege has been asserted "may be `considered final as to the 
injured third party who is otherwise powerless to prevent the revelation"). The 
requirements for application of the Perlman doctrine are satisfied in this case, and 
this Court has jurisdiction of this appeal. 
A. 
Mohawk Does Not Affect the Operation of the Perlman Doctrine 
in this Case. 
EFTA01134365
--- PAGE 46 ---
In their Motion to Dismiss, plaintiffs argued that Mohawk Industries, Inc. v. 
Carpenter, 558 U.S. 100 (2009), superceded Perlman and eliminated any basis for 
this Court's jurisdiction. They are incorrect. Mohawk does not affect the right of 
non-parties such as intervenors to take an appeal from the district court's 
disclosure order. There are two interrelated reasons why it does not. First, and most 
important, Mohawk involved an attempted interlocutory appeal by a party to the 
litigation, which this case does not. Second, Mohawk was concerned with an 
interlocutory appeal under the collateral order doctrine of Cohen v. Beneficial 
Indus. Loan Corp., 337 U.S. 541 (1949), not with the Perlman exception to the 
final judgment rule; indeed, it did not so much as mention Perlman. Those two 
distinctions are critical. 
In analyzing the issue of whether a party was entitled under the Cohen 
collateral order doctrine to appeal from an order compelling it to produce 
documents which it contended were protected by the attorney-client privilege, the 
Mohawk Court emphasized that the Court had "stressed that [the Cohen collateral 
order doctrine] must never be allowed to swallow the general rule that a party is 
entitled to a single appeal, to be deferred until final judgment has entered." 
Mohawk, 558 U.S. at 106 (emphasis added; internal quotation marks omitted). See 
id. at 112 ("Permitting parties to undertake successive, piecemeal appeals of all 
adverse attorney-client rulings would unduly delay the resolution of district court 
EFTA01134366
--- PAGE 47 ---
litigation and needlessly burden the Courts of Appeals" (emphasis added)). In 
holding that an interlocutory appeal would not lie, the Mohawk Court concluded 
that 
postjudgment appeals generally suffice to protect the rights of litigants and 
ensure the vitality of the attorney-client privilege. Appellate courts can 
remedy the improper disclosure of privileged material in the same way they 
remedy a host of other erroneous evidentiary rulings: by vacating an 
adverse judgment and remanding for a new trial in which the protected 
material and its fruits are excluded from evidence. 
EFTA01134367
--- PAGE 48 ---
Id. at 606-07 (emphasis added). This conclusion underscores the inapplicability of 
Mohawk in the present circumstances. 
Quite unlike the Mohawk appellant, Epstein and the attorney intervenors are 
not parties to the litigation, having intervened solely for the limited purpose of 
seeking to prevent the disclosure of confidential communications; accordingly, 
they have no right of appeal from the final judgment in this case, and the injury 
done by disclosure cannot be remedied through the appellate remedy of granting of 
a new trial. While Mr. Epstein moved on July 8, 2013, for limited contingent future 
intervention with respect to the issue of remedy, should the district court reach that 
issue, to protect his constitutional and contractual rights with respect to the NPA, 
which plaintiffs seek to have rescinded as a remedy for the government's alleged 
violation of the CVRA, DE207, the district court has not yet ruled on that motion 
and may never reach the remedy issue if the plaintiffs are unable to sustain their 
burden of proof. As Epstein explained in that motion, he is not seeking to intervene 
generally in the case, as the duties and obligations imposed by the CVRA apply 
solely to the government; the statutory requirements do not run to Epstein, and the 
CVRA imposed upon him no obligations to the plaintiffs. The dispute regarding 
whether the government violated the plaintiffs' rights under the CVRA is solely 
between the plaintiffs and the government. 
EFTA01134368
--- PAGE 49 ---
Thus, even should the district court grant the additional limited future 
remedy-stage intervention which Epstein seeks, Epstein still would not be a party 
to the litigation within the meaning of Mohawk, but instead a party for a limited 
purpose only. Indeed, he would not become a party at all unless the district court 
rules that the government violated the plaintiffs' CVRA rights and turns to the 
issue of remedy, which may never occur. If the district court did find that the 
government violated the plaintiffs' rights under the CVRA, Epstein would have no 
right of appeal, as he would not be a party with respect to that issue. He would 
likewise not have the right to appeal if the district court decided in plaintiffs' favor 
but did not order rescission of Epstein's non-prosecution agreement. Even were the 
court to order rescission of the non-prosecution agreement, and Mr. Epstein had 
the right, as intervenor as to remedy, to appeal the Court's remedial order, it is 
unlikely that such an appeal from the Court's order would encompass the issue of 
the validity of any order regarding the disclosure of his attorneys' plea negotiation 
communications with the government. In the absence of the ability to take an 
appeal at this juncture, intervenors are "powerless to avert the mischief of the 
order." Perlman, 247 U.S. at 13. 
In cases such as this one, Perlman does not directly conflict with Mohawk. 
In United States v. Krane, 625 F.3d 568 (9th Cir. 2010), the Ninth Circuit 
permitted an interlocutory appeal by intervenors under Perlman, noting that it had, 
EFTA01134369
--- PAGE 50 ---
"[w]hen assessing the jurisdictional basis for an interlocutory appeal, . . . 
considered the Perlman rule and the Cohen collateral order exception separately, 
as distinct doctrines," and concluding that "Perlman and Mohawk are not in 
tension." Id. at 572. In In re Grand Jury, 705 F.3d 133 (3d Cir. 2012), the Court 
concluded, after analysis, that it "[could] not say that the Supreme Court has 
abandoned [the Perlman finality] determination on the basis of a later case, 
Mohawk, that never cites, let alone discusses, Perlman"). 
The two cases on which the plaintiffs relied in their Motion to Dismiss do 
not support the proposition that appellate review under the Perlman doctrine is not 
available to intervenors in this case. In Wilson v. O'Brien, 621 F.3d 641 (7th Cir. 
2010), plaintiff and the individual whose deposition defendants wished to use to 
support a summary judgment motion sought to appeal, under the Cohen collateral 
order doctrine, the district court's order compelling the individual to answer 
deposition questions over a claim of work product privilege. The Seventh Circuit 
did not in fact decide the question of Mohawk's impact on Perlman, finding the 
appeal moot because the deposed individual had complied with the order and 
answered the objected-to deposition questions. Id. at 643. The Court noted that, if 
the district court did ultimately permit the defendants to use the deposition 
testimony, plaintiff, who was the privilege holder rather than the deponent, could 
appeal that decision after final judgment. Notably, the Wilson Court stated that 
EFTA01134370
--- PAGE 51 ---
"when the person who asserts a privilege is a non-litigant," "an appeal from a final 
judgment [will] be inadequate." 
In Holt-Orsted v. City of Dickson, 641 F.3d 230 (6th Cir. 2011), the 
plaintiffs sought to take an interlocutory appeal from an order compelling the 
testimony of their former attorney over a claim of attorney-client privilege. The 
Court agreed with the Ninth Circuit's decision in Krane, concluding that the 
circumstances in Krane "support application of the Perlman doctrine because, 
without the ability to raise the issue in an interlocutory appeal, Quellos, as a non-
party, would have lost its opportunity to do so in the future." Id. at 239. The same 
is true here. The Court found no appellate jurisdiction, following Mohawk, because 
plaintiffs — the privilege holders — were parties to the litigation and, as such, could 
avail themselves of a post-judgment appeal to "preserve the vitality of the attorney-
client privilege." Id. at 240, quoting Mohawk, 558 U.S. at 606-07. That, however, 
is not the case here. 
Since the attorney intervenors are not "litigants" or parties in this action, 
under both Wilson and Holt-Orsted, they would retain the right to appeal under 
Perhnan. Plaintiffs have sought to cast Epstein as a "litigant" in this action, but his 
limited intervention to challenge disclosure of confidential communications does 
not make him a litigant, i.e., a party, to the action, nor, contrary to plaintiffs' 
argument, does Epstein's "current posture" in this litigation provide him with an 
EFTA01134371
--- PAGE 52 ---
avenue "to appeal any adverse privilege ruling that harms him at the conclusion of 
the case." Motion to Dismiss at 14. There will be no "adverse judgment against 
him," id. at 13 (emphasis added), from which he could take an appeal. Even if the 
district court grants Mr. Epstein's contingent motion for future intervention as to 
remedy, he would not be a party to the action as a whole but only as to that limited 
facet of the litigation; in fact, he may never actually become a party if the district 
court does not reach the remedy issue or denies his request for limited contingent 
intervention. Plaintiffs have cited no authority for the proposition that a non-party 
to the litigation can appeal from a final judgment, and the law is to the contrary. 
See Marino v. Ortiz, 484 U.S. 301 (1988)("The rule that only parties to a lawsuit, 
or those that properly become parties, may appeal an adverse judgment, is well 
settled"). Plaintiffs' action was not brought against Epstein, nor has he sought by 
intervention to become a full party to the action. The Perlman doctrine is fully 
applicable in the circumstances of this case. 
B. 
Intervenors are "Privilege Holders" for Purposes of Perlman. 
The Perlman doctrine is not, as the plaintiffs have contended in their Motion 
to Dismiss, strictly limited to fully recognized privileges such as the attorney-client 
privilege. The privilege which intervenors assert falls squarely within Perlman. 
Indeed, the Supreme Court has recognized that "Rules 410 and 11(e)(6) `creat[e], 
in effect, a privilege of the defendant . . . ."' Mezzanatto, 513 U.S. at 205. What 
EFTA01134372
--- PAGE 53 ---
Epstein and the attorney intervenors seek to appeal is not an issue of admissibility 
of evidence, but one of disclosure: whether their confidential communications with 
the government in the course of settlement/plea negotiations may be ordered 
disclosed to third parties such as plaintiffs. The privilege which intervenors assert 
has its basis in the implementation of Fed. R. Evid. 410 in the context of its overlap 
with the work product privilege and counsel's legitimate expectations of 
confidentiality in their communications with the government in seeking to resolve 
the investigation or prosecution of their clients. 
In In re Grand Jury Proceedings, 832 F.2d 554 (1 1 th Cir. 1987), appellants 
asserted that their state grand jury testimony was protected from disclosure to a 
federal grand jury by a nondisclosure privilege grounded in the state grand jury 
secrecy requirement. This Court held that it had jurisdiction to hear the appeal 
under Perlman, but concluded that the privilege for which appellants contended 
did not exist under state law. Thus, the fact that a privilege has not yet been 
formally recognized under Rule 501 is not a bar to Perlman jurisdiction. The 
controlling factor is whether the appellants assert a right or privilege, see In re 
Sealed Case, 
F.3d 
2013 WL 2120157 at *4 (D.C.Cir. March 5, 
2013)("The Perlman doctrine permits appeals from some decisions that are not 
final but allow the disclosure of property or evidence over which the appellant 
asserts a right or privilege"), as they do here — the right or privilege of 
EFTA01134373
--- PAGE 54 ---
confidentiality in their settlement/plea communications with the government and 
their concomitant protection from disclosure to the plaintiffs. See, e.g., Ross v. City 
of Memphis, 423 F.3d 596, 599 (6th Cir. 2007)(Perlman jurisdiction "does not 
depend on the validity of the appellant's underlying claims for relief'); Gill v. 
Gulfstream Park Racing Ass 'n, Inc., 399 F.3d 391, 398, 402 (1st Cir. 
2005)(asserting jurisdiction under Perlman, but concluding that informant 
privilege was not available to private parties). 
C. 
Perlman is not Limited to the Grand Jury Context. 
Plaintiffs also argued in their Motion to Dismiss that Perlman does not apply 
outside the grand jury context. This Court has never limited Perlman to the grand 
jury context, and there is no principled reason why the doctrine should be so 
limited, so long as its requirements are met. The danger to the privilege holder — 
that privileged or confidential documents will be disclosed and his powerlessness 
to prevent the disclosure absent an immediate appeal remedy — is the same, 
regardless of whether the order is made in the context of grand jury proceedings or 
in another context. This Court cited Perlman in support of its finding of 
jurisdiction in Overby v. U.S. Fidelity & Guar. Co., 224 F.2d 158, 162 & n.5 (11th 
Cir. 1955), a civil case. In just the few years since Mohawk, the Fourth Circuit 
found jurisdiction based on Perlman in a civil case, Mezu v. Morgan State 
University, 495 Fed. Appx. 286, 289 (4th Cir. 2012); the Ninth Circuit has applied 
EFTA01134374
--- PAGE 55 ---
Perlman in a case arising under 28 U.S.C. §2255, United States v. Gonzalez, 669 
F.3d 974, 977 n.2 (9th Cir. 2012), and in a civil case, S.E.C. v. CMKM Diamonds, 
Inc., 656 F.3d 829, 830-31 (9th Cir. 2011); the Sixth Circuit has indicated in a civil 
case that Perlman jurisdiction is still viable after Mohawk where the privilege 
holder is not a party to the action, Holt-Orsted, 641 F.3d at 239; and the Seventh 
Circuit has indicated in a civil case that Perlman jurisdiction still attaches where 
the person asserting the privilege is a non-litigant, Wilson, 621 F.3d at 643. The 
grand jury limitation for which plaintiffs have argued simply does not exist. 
D. 
The United States is a Disinterested Third Party. 
Under the circumstances of this case, the government should be considered a 
disinterested party for purposes of application of the Perlman doctrine. When the 
plaintiffs first sought leave to use the government's side of the correspondence in 
their case against the government, the government did not oppose the motion but 
instead took no position, DE60:1-2, which led plaintiffs' counsel to state at a 
hearing that the government did not oppose plaintiffs' request to use the 
government's side of the correspondence which had already been disclosed to 
plaintiffs. See DE208:65. At the hearing on the issue on August 12, 2011, the 
government was not even prepared to address the issue. See DE206:35-36. At that 
hearing, the district court set a schedule for further briefing on the issue, and it was 
not until after intervenors/appellants had filed their supplemental briefing, DE94, 
EFTA01134375
--- PAGE 56 ---
that the government filed a responsive pleading in which it voiced its general 
agreement that correspondence exchanged between defense counsel and the 
government in pursuit of settlement/plea negotiations is protected by the work 
product privilege and that the rationale of the mediation privilege cases was 
applicable to plea/settlement negotiation communications. See DE100. However, 
the government has made it clear that, once the stay is lifted, it will disclose the 
requested documents; thus, intervenors/appellants' only chance of preventing 
disclosure of the privileged material lies in this appeal. Moreover, given the 
government's litigation posture below, and its belated embrace of the concept that 
plea/settlement negotiation correspondence should be protected as work product, 
an appellate court might well concluded that the government had forfeited the 
issue. Certainly 
it 
has already forfeited the arguments advanced by 
intervenors/appellants which it did not adopt. Thus, and end-of-case appeal by the 
government would not adequately present the issues to the Court. 
In addition, the government's institutional interests differ significantly from 
those of attorneys who represented a private individual under criminal 
investigation by the government and who sought, though full and frank exploration 
of the facts and legal issues involved, to convince the government not to prosecute 
their client. Only immediate appeal of the Court's order will ensure that 
intervenors are able to protect their distinct interests in preserving the 
EFTA01134376
--- PAGE 57 ---
confidentiality of their communications with the government in the settlement 
negotiation process. In the absence of the ability to take an appeal at this juncture, 
intervenors will be "powerless to avert the mischief of the order," Perlman, 247 
U.S. at 13, as their particular interests in nondisclosure will not be adequately 
protected by the government. 
Likewise, the government and Epstein have significantly different interests 
in the scope of Rule 410 in the context of a litigant's discovery attempts. The 
disclosure request here comes from plaintiffs who have previously sued Epstein, 
the target of a federal prosecution, seeking monetary damages for the very conduct 
that was at issue during the plea/settlement negotiations between his attorneys and 
the government. The prior civil discovery order relied upon by Judge Marra, 
DE188: 
, resulted from the efforts of the civil litigants to enhance their case 
through the mechanism of acquiring the target's attorney's communications with 
the government which, in the context of plea or settlement negotiations, are 
authored in an expectation of privacy, and which include admissions made in the 
effort to provide a predicate for any plea or agreement to defer prosecution rather 
than litigate. Although the government in this particular matter is contending that it 
did not violate the CVRA, its overall litigation position — including urging the Jane 
Does to advocate for Epstein's prosecution in other districts, see DE205-2:8-9, 
eloquently demonstrates that there is only the most ephemeral and illusory 
EFTA01134377
--- PAGE 58 ---
commonality of interests between the government and Epstein — and certainly not 
one that makes the government Epstein's agent or advocate for purposes of this 
issue. 
Epstein's interest in opposing the disclosure of his attorneys' written 
communications relating to bona fide attempts to resolve concrete federal criminal 
allegations are substantially distinct from the government's institutional interests 
and distinct from the government's litigation-related strategies in terms of the 
underlying CVRA litigation and, accordingly, will not be adequately represented 
by the government. 
EFTA01134378

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134379.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Twitter -4 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Tweets from Newyorkist, Keith Boykin, and 6 others 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 18:19:58 +0000 
Jeffrey epstein, 
Here's what's trending on Twitter this week. 
;t‘ 
;t‘ 
Azi Paybarah @Azi 
.@anthonyweiner: "They accuse me of turning this 
campaign into a media circus but its the media that dwells 
on this" 
nydn.us/1c9D4Gj 
Hamill: Democratic mayoral hopeful Anthony 
Weiner talks about his marriage, the sexting 
scandal and his hopes for City Hall 
Anthony Weiner sat down with Daily News columnist Denis 
Hamill for a free-ranging one-on-one interview on Monday. 
Here are some excerpts of that conversation. 
21 P
I 3
A 
RELATED TWEETS 
Newyorkist @Newyorkisl 
"A part-time food-truck worker...managed 2 shame some 
Wall St firm into getting him fired. What a world" 
@GlassLewis 
I Got Fired For Tweeting 
Until last week. I worked at a food truck downtown. We sold 
grilled cheese and milkshakes. One of the unusual things 
about this particular food service job was that the owner used 
customer comments and... 
RELATED TWEETS 
Keith Boykin @keithboykin 
Perfect! RT @froomkin Any other examples of news orgs 
 going back to assess who was right and wrong? I LOVE 
THIS: 
Fed 'Doves' Beat 'Hawks' in Economic 
Prognosticating 
The Wall Street Journal examined more than 700 predictions 
made between 2009 and 2012 in speeches and 
congressional testimony by 14 Fed policy makers—and 
scored the predictions on growth, jobs and... 
3G J.;1 
Jul 
Jul 
EFTA01134379
--- PAGE 2 ---
;21 I RELATED 
TWEETS 
Krystal Ball @krystalball 
Limbaugh to be dropped by Cumulus!!! Hannity too! Rush 
 never recovered after his comments re Fluke. 
#stoprush 
Jul 
Cumulus planning to drop Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity 
In a major shakeup for the radio industry, Cumulus Media, the second-biggest 
broadcaster in the country, is planning to drop both Rush Limbaugh and Sean 
Hannity from its stations at the end of the year, an industry... 
21 
PI 3
 RELATED 
TWEETS 
Rutgers Football @RFootball 
.@EricLeGrand52's #52 will be the first jersey retired in 144 
years of #RFootball. #bELieve 
li 
I 4 
;d ;a 
Pb,II RETWEETS 
Jul 
Eric LeGrand @EricLeGrand52 
What an honor thank you @RFootball this means the world 
to me 
PAI 2 RETWEETS 
Jul 
William Beatty @willbeatty65 
Jul 
"A dream is a goal with a deadline"
EFTA01134380
--- PAGE 3 ---
;-6. 41 RETWEETS 
Cord Jefferson @cordjefferson 
Man, this is sad, but if you're going to accuse me of theft, 
please have more evidence than tweets you think I read. 
The internet is trash! 
;
321 
;
321 
;
321 
;
321 
Jul 
Don't miss out. Stay up to date on what's happening. 
Go to Twitter 
Forgot your Twitter password? Get instructions on how to reset it. 
You can also unsubscribe from these emails or change your notification settings. Need help? 
If you received this message in error and did not sign up for Twitter. click not my account. 
Twitter, Inc. 1355 Market Si. Suite 900 San Francisco. CA 94103 
EFTA01134381

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134382.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jennie Enterprise
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 19:43:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: EWLarge2.jpg 
Just breakfast 
On Thursday, August 1, 2013, Jennie Enterprise wrote: 
MISS U !!! U still eating beef Jerky for breakfast lunch and dinner :-) 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
On Aug 1, 2013, at 7:57 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ranch 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:56 AM, Jennie Enterprise < 
> wrote: 
u on island ? u happy ? 
<EWLarge2.jpg> 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
On Aug I, 2013, at 7:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
wrote: 
greatgreatgreat 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:47 AM, Jennie Enterprise < 
> wrote: 
MISS YOU TONS !!!! HOW ARE YOU !!!! ??? LOVE U !!! We are going to Italy in Sept ...learning 
italian 
EFTA01134382
--- PAGE 2 ---
<EWLarge2.jpg> 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
On Aug 1, 2013, at 7:04 AM, Jeffrey Epstein tevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
marital tax rules now , maybe allow you and dangene a carry back, see you in spt 
►********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended on 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134383

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134384.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jennie Enterprise
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 20:24:50 +0000 
Inline-Images: EWLarge2.jpg 
what do u eat fro lunch and dinner 
Enterpriseworld 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
On Aug 1, 2013, at 3:43 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
wrote: 
Just breakfast 
On Thursday, August I, 2013, Jennie Enterprise wrote: 
MISS U !!! U still eating beef Jerky for breakfast lunch and dinner :-) 
<EWLarge2.jpg> 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
On Aug I, 2013, at 7:57 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ranch 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:56 AM, Jennie Enterprise
u on island ? u happy ? 
<EWLarge2.jpg> 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
> wrote: 
EFTA01134384
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Aug I, 2013, at 7:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
wrote: 
greatgreatgreat 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 7:47 AM, Jennie Enterprise <1 
> wrote: 
MISS YOU TONS !!!! HOW ARE YOU !!!! 77? LOVE U !!! We are going to Italy in Sept ... 
learning italian 
<EWLarge2.jpg> 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
On Aug 1, 2013, at 7:04 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
marital tax rules now , maybe allow you and dangene a carry back, see you in spt 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended on 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134385
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01134386

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134387.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Dann Vicars 
, Rich Kahn 
, Roy Hodges 
Subject: Palms plantings - Email 1 of 2 - August 1, 2013 
Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2013 20:46:18 +0000 
Attachments: Palms_(1).JPG; Palms_(2).JPG; Palms_(3).JPG; Palms_(4).JPG; Palms_(5).JPG; 
Palms_(6).JPG; Palms_(7).JPG; Palms_(8).JPG; Palms_(9).JPG; Palms_(10).JPG; 
Palms_(11).JPG; Palms_(12).JPG; Palms_(13).JPG; Palms_(14).JPG; Palms_(15).JPG; 
Palms_(16).JPG; Palms_(17).JPG; Palms_(18).JPG; Palms_(19).JPG; Palms_(20).JPG; 
Palms_(21).JPG; Palms_(22).JPG; Palms_(23).JPG; Palms_(24).JPG; Palms_(25).JPG; 
Palms_(26).JPG; Palms_(27).JPG; Palms_(28).JPG; Palms_(29).JPG; Palms_(30).JPG; 
Palms_(31).JPG; Palms_(32).JPG; Palms_(33).JPG; Palms_(34).JPG; Palms_(35).JPG; 
Palms_(36).JPG; Palms_(37).JPG; Palms_(38).JPG; Palms_(39).JPG; Palms_(40).JPG; 
Palms_(41).JPG; Palms_(42).JPG; Palms_(43).JPG; Palms_(44).JPG; Palms_(45).JPG; 
Palms_(46).JPG; Palms_(47).JPG; Palms_(48).JPG; Palms_(49).JPG; Palms_(50).JPG; 
Palms_(51).JPG; Palms_(52).JPG; Palms_(53).JPG; Palms_(54).JPG; Palms_(55).JPG; 
Palms_(56).JPG; Palms_(57).JPG; Palms_(58).JPG; Palms_(59).JPG; Palms_(60).JPG; 
Palms_(61).JPG; Palms_(62).JPG; Palms_(63).JPG; Palms_(64).JPG; Palms_(65).JPG; 
Palms_(66).JPG; Palms_(67).JPG; Palms_(68).JPG; Palms_(69).JPG; Palms_(70).JPG; 
Palms_(71).JPG; Palms_(72).JPG; Palms_(73).JPG; Palms_(74).JPG; Palms_(75).JPG; 
Palms_(76).JPG; Palms_(77).JPG; Palms_(78).JPG; Palms_(79).JPG; Palms_(80).JPG; 
Palms_(81).JPG; Palms_(82).JPG; Palms_(83).JPG; Palms_(84).JPG; Palms_(85).JPG; 
Palms_(86).JPG; Palms_(87).JPG; Palms_(88).JPG; Palms_(89).JPG; Palms_(90).JPG; 
Palms_(91).JPG; Palms_(92).JPG; Palms_(93).JPG; Palms_(94).JPG; Palms_(95).JPG; 
Palms_(96).JPG; Palms_(97).JPG; Palms_(98).JPG; Palms_(99).JPG; Palms_(100).JPG 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
Photos of the palms plantings as per your request, for your review and comments. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Daphne 
EFTA01134387

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134388.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134388

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134389.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134389

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134390.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134390

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134391.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134391

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134392.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134392

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134393.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134393

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134394.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134394

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134395.pdf
----------------------------------------
rka 
EFTA01134395

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134396.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134396

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134397.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134397

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134398.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134398

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134399.pdf
----------------------------------------
St 
EFTA01134399

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134400.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134400

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134401.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134401

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134402.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134402

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134403.pdf
----------------------------------------
~~~ 
EFTA01134403

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134404.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134404

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134405.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134405

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134406.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134406

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134407.pdf
----------------------------------------
-4t 
EFTA01134407

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134408.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134408

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134409.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134409

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134410.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134410

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134411.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134411

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134412.pdf
----------------------------------------
.,~,;:.. 
;rr,~ 
EFTA01134412

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134413.pdf
----------------------------------------
e-
<7-Orig 
EFTA01134413

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134414.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sit2214P. 
EFTA01134414

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134415.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134415

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134416.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134416

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134417.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134417

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134418.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134418

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134419.pdf
----------------------------------------
.,!etotc-ft"
. 
EFTA01134419

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134420.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134420

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134421.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134421

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134422.pdf
----------------------------------------
... ;;;;;.• 
EFTA01134422

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134423.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134423

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134424.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134424

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134425.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134425

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134426.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01134426

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134427.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01134427

--- SOURCE: 0472__EFTA01134428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0472
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01134428.pdf
----------------------------------------
;75,
EFTA01134428
