
--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378969.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
10/9/2018 11:02:32 AM 
To: 
Kimberly Hart 
CC: 
Bradley Gillin I 
BCC: 
Subject: 
Epstein - negative media 
Kim, 
This just surfaced in our latest KYC reviews. Let's discuss what info I need from the client and then next steps. Thanks 
http://www.ClasSactionsreporter.Corn/SiteS/defaultifilegtowers ponzi scheme complaint.pdf 
fun 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Mane ement 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076251 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222435 
EFTA01378969

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378970.pdf
----------------------------------------
terms, including coupon payments, and final redemption payment, are subject to the solvency of the note issuer. 
Product Risk Categorization: Callable Yield Notes with Contingent Coupon are categorized as Product Risk Level 3, 
"Contingently Protected Notes." Product Risk Level categorizations 1.4 are detailed on the Structured Products 
Agreement & Approval Form (DBTCA & DBSI versions enclosed), which, prior to any purchase of a structured product, 
must be completed by the client. 
This is not an offer, recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell, nor is it an official confirmation of terms. It is based on information from sources 
believed to be reliable. No representation is made that it is accurate or complete or that any returns indicated will be achieved. Changes to 
assumptions may have a material impact on any returns detailed. Past performance is not indicative of future returns. Price and availability are 
subject 
to 
change 
without 
notice. 
Additional 
information 
is 
available 
upon 
request. 
This has been prepared solely for informational purposes, and does not contain the full range of products and services available through Deutsche 
Bank. Client-Facing Professionals should not rely solely on this material to determine the products or services to introduce to clients, as all products 
included herein may not be suitable for every client. Client-Facing Professionals are responsible for determining the suitability of products and 
services 
recommended 
to 
clients. 
This material is a product of Deutsche Bank Wealth Management and not Deutsche Bank's CB&S Division. The views of Deutsche Bank Wealth 
Management may differ from those of C8&S. Deutsche Bank Wealth Management does not maintain proprietary positions in the securities that are 
the subject of this material. 
Personnel who offer deposit products or services, lending products, and/or derivative products for Deutsche Bank AG (including the New York and 
other branches) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas may (including its banking entity subsidiaries) act as officers of the Deutsche Bank AG 
International Administrative Office. 
Structured products may not be suitable for all investors due to illiquidity, optionality, time to redemption and payoff nature of the strategy. We or 
our affiliates or persons associated with us or such affiliates may: maintain a long or short position in securities referred to herein, or in related 
futures or options, purchase or sell, make a market in, or engage in any other transaction involving such securities, and earn brokerage or other 
compensation. Calculations of returns on the instruments may be linked to a referenced index or interest rate. In such cases, the currency, other 
than the investor's home currency, will be subject to changes in exchange rates, which may have an adverse effect on the value, price or income 
return of the products. These products may not be readily realizable investments and are not traded on any regulated market. Additional risks to 
consider involve interest rates, currencies, credit, political, liquidity, time value, commodity and market risks. 
Structured Products are offered only to investors who qualify as an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the 
Securities Act of 1933, and the rules promulgated there under. The securities will not be recommended by any United States Federal or State 
Securities Commission or regulatory authority. 
Important Information for Deutsche Bank Client Facing Professionals 
Deutsche Bank AG, including its subsidiaries and affiliates, does not provide legal, tax, or accounting advice. "Deutsche Bank" means Deutsche Bank 
AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Bank Wealth Management refers to the wealth Management activities for high-net-worth clients around 
the world offered through DBSI and Deutsche Bank's private banking entities. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. conducts investment banking and 
securities activities in the United States. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a member of FINRA, NYSE and SIPC. 
02018 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved. 
This document is For Internal Use Only. 
It does not include the requisite disclosure for public distribution and should not be released to the public under any circumstance. 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error), 
please notify the sender immediately and delete the e-mail from your computer. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this e-mail is prohibited. 
Martin 
Martin Zeman 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076253 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222437 
EFTA01378970

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378971.pdf
----------------------------------------
Director I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bait Wealth Management 
DB Securities Inc 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0CO4 New York. NY, USA 
Tel. 
Mo 
Em 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies. characteristics and investment risks of. and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its affiliates prior to 
execution. and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only. and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DEMI or any 
of ifs affiliates. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076254 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222438 
EFTA01378971

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378972.pdf
----------------------------------------
The information in this preliminary pricing supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary pricing 
supplement is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where 
the offer or sale is not permitted. 
Subject to completion dated October 11, 2018 
Preliminary Pricing Supplement No. U3337 
Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) 
To the Underlying Supplement dated April 19, 2018, 
Registration Statement No. 333-218604-02 
Product Supplement No. I-B dated June 30, 2017, 
October 11, 2018 
Prospectus Supplement dated June 30, 2017 and 
Prospectus dated June 30, 2017 
Financial 
Products 
CREDIT SUISSEE 
Contingent Coupon Callable Yield Notes due October 22, 2020 
Linked to the Performance of the Lowest Performing of the S&P 500* Index, the Russell 2000® Index and the 
Nasdaq-100 Index 
• 
The securities do not guarantee any return of principal at maturity and do not provide for the regular payment of interest. 
• 
Subject to Early Redemption, if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred on any trading day during an Observation Period, 
we will pay a contingent coupon expected to be $30 (to be determined on the Trade Date) per $1,000 principal amount of 
securities on the immediately following Contingent Coupon Payment Date. If a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred, no 
contingent coupon will be paid on the immediately following Contingent Coupon Payment Date. 
• 
We may redeem the securities, in whole but not in part, on any Contingent Coupon Payment Date scheduled to occur on or 
after January 22, 2019 but prior to the Maturity Date. No further payments will be made following an Early Redemption. 
• 
Investors should be willing to (i) forgo dividends and the potential to participate in any appreciation of any Underlying and 
(i) lose some or all of their investment if a Knock-In Event has occurred. 
• 
Senior unsecured obligations of Credit Suisse maturing October 22, 2020. Any payment on the securities is subject to our 
ability to pay our obligations as they become due. 
• 
Minimum purchase of $1,000. Minimum denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 
• 
The offering price for the securities is expected to be determined on or about October 17, 2018 (the "Trade Date"), and the 
securities are expected to settle on or about October 22, 2018 (the "Settlement Date"). Delivery of the securities in book-
entry form only will be made through The Depository Trust Company. 
• 
The securities will not be listed on any exchange. 
Investing in the securities involves a number of risks. See "Selected Risk Considerations" beginning on page 7 of this 
pricing supplement and "Risk Factors" beginning on page PS-3 of any accompanying product supplement. 
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the 
securities or passed upon the accuracy or the adequacy of this pricing supplement or the accompanying underlying 
supplement, any product supplement, the prospectus supplement and the prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a 
criminal offense. 
Price to Publico)
Underwriting Discounts 
and Commissions(?)
Proceeds to Issuer 
Per security 
$SI 000 
$ 
$ 
—$ 
Total 
$ 
--$ 
1) CSSU or any other agent may pay selected broker-dealers and other distributors additional marketing, referral or other fees, 
commissions or retrocessions of up to 1.50% in connection with the distribution of the securities. In no case will the sum of the 
ees, commissions or retrocessions exceed 1.50%. 
2) We or any agent (one of which may be our affiliate) may pay varying discounts and commissions of up to $15 per $1,000 
principal amount of securities. For more detailed information, please see "Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of 
nterest)' in this pricing supplement. 
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC ("CSSU") is our affiliate. For more information, see 'Supplemental Plan of Distribution 
Conflicts of Interest)" in this pricing supplement. 
Credit Suisse currently estimates the value of each $1,000 principal amount of the securities on the Trade Date will be 
between $960 and $990 (as determined by reference to our pricing models and the rate we are currently paying to 
borrow funds through issuance of the securities (our "internal funding rate")). This range of estimated values reflects 
terms that are not yet fixed. A single estimated value reflecting final terms will be determined on the Trade Date. See 
"Selected Risk Considerations" in this pricing supplement. 
The securities are not deposit liabilities and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any 
other governmental agency of the United States, Switzerland or any other jurisdiction. 
Credit Suisse 
October, 2018 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076255 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222439 
EFTA01378972

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378973.pdf
----------------------------------------
Key Terms 
Issuer: 
Underlyings: 
Contingent 
Coupons: 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Event: 
Observation 
Periods: 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Early 
Redemption: 
Knock-In 
Event: 
Credit Suisse AG ("Credit Suisse"), acting through its London branch 
The securities are linked to the performance of the lowest performing of the Underlyings set forth in the table 
below. For more information on the Underlyings, see "The Reference Indices—The S&P Dow Jones Indices—
The S&P 5000 Index," "The Reference Indices—The FTSE Russell Indices—The Russell 2000 Index' and 
-The Reference Indices—The NASDAQ-100 Index" in the accompanying underlying supplement. Each 
Underlying is identified in the table below, together with its Bloomberg ticker symbol, Initial Level and expected 
Knock-In Level and Coupon Barrier Level (each level to be determined on the Trade Date): 
Underlying 
Ticker 
Initial Level 
Knock-In Level 
 Coupon Barrier Level 
S&P 500ts Index 
Russell 2000x
Index 
Nasdaq-100 
Index 
SPX <Index> 
RTY <Index> 
NDX <Index> 
(Approximately 75% 
of Initial Level) 
(Approximately 75% 
of Initial Level) 
(Approximately 75% 
of Initial Level) 
(Approximately 75% 
of Initial Level) 
(Approximately 75% 
of Initial Level) 
(Approximately 75% 
of Initial Level) 
Subject to Early Redemption, if a Coupon Barrier Event does not occur, we will pay a contingent coupon 
expected to be at least $30 (to be determined on the Trade Date) per $1,000 principal amount of securities on 
the immediately following Contingent Coupon Payment Date. If a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred, no 
contingent coupon will be paid on the immediately following Contingent Coupon Payment Date. If any 
Contingent Coupon Payment Date is not a business day, the contingent coupon will be payable on the first 
following business day, unless that business day falls in the next calendar month, in which case payment will be 
made on the first preceding business day. The amount of any contingent coupon will not be adjusted in respect 
of any postponement of a Contingent Coupon Payment Date and no interest or other payment will be payable 
hereon because of any such postponement of a Contingent Coupon Payment Date. No contingent coupons will 
be payable following an Early Redemption. Contingent coupons, if any, will be payable on the applicable 
Contingent Coupon Payment Date to the holder of record at the close of business on the business day 
immediately preceding the applicable Contingent Coupon Payment Date; provided that the contingent coupon 
payable on the Early Redemption Date or Maturity Date, as applicable, will be payable to the person to whom 
the Early Redemption Amount or the Redemption Amount, as applicable, is payable. 
A Coupon Barrier Event will occur if, on any trading day during an Observation Period, the closing level of any 
Underlying is less than its Coupon Barrier Level. 
Each Observation Period will be from but excluding an Observation Date to and including the next following 
Observation Date, provided that the first Observation Period will be from and excluding the Trade Date to and 
including the first Observation Date. 
Subject to Early Redemption, at maturity, the Redemption Amount you will receive will depend on the individual 
performance of each Underlying and whether a Knock-In Event has occurred. For each $1,000 principal amount 
of securities, the Redemption Amount will be determined as follows: 
• 
If a Knock-In Event has not occurred, $1,000. Therefore, you will not participate in any appreciation of 
any Underlying. 
• 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred, 51,000 multiplied by the sum of one plus the Underlying Return of the 
Lowest Performing Underlying. In this case, the Redemption Amount will be less than $750 per $1,000 
principal amount of securities. You could lose your entire investment. 
Any payment on the securities is subject to our ability to pay our obligations as they become due. 
The Issuer may redeem the securities in whole, but not in part, on any Contingent Coupon Payment Date 
scheduled to occur on or after January 22, 2019 but prior to the Maturity Date, upon notice to the trustee on or 
before the immediately preceding Observation Date for $1,000 for each $1,000 principal amount of the 
securities (the "Early Redemption Amount"), together with the contingent coupon, if any, payable on that 
Contingent Coupon Payment Date (the "Early Redemption Date"). No further payments will be made in respect 
of the securities. Payment will be made in respect of the Early Redemption on the Contingent Coupon Payment 
Date immediately following the relevant Observation Date. Any payment on the securities is subject to our 
ability to pay our obligations as they become due. 
A Knock-In Event will occur if the Final Level of any Underlying is less than its Knock-In Level. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076256 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222440 
EFTA01378973

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378974.pdf
----------------------------------------
Lowest 
The Underlying with the lowest Underlying Return. 
Performing 
Underlying: 
Underlying 
For each Underlying, the lesser of () zero and (ii) an amount calculated as follows: 
Return: 
Final Level - Initial Level 
Initial Level 
Initial Level: 
For each Underlying, the closing level of such Underlying on the Trade Date. In the event that the closing level 
for any Underlying is not available on the Trade Date, the Initial Level for such Underlying will be determined on 
the immediately following trading day on which a closing level is available. 
Final Level: 
For each Underlying, the closing level of such Underlying on the Valuation Date. 
Valuation 
October 19, 2020, subject to postponement as set forth in any accompanying product supplement under 
Date: 
-Description of the Securities—Postponement of calculation dates." 
Maturity 
October 22, 2020, subject to postponement as set forth in any accompanying product supplement under 
Date: 
'Description of the Securities—Postponement of calculation dates." If the Maturity Date is not a business day, 
the Redemption Amount will be payable on the first following business day, unless that business day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case payment will be made on the first preceding business day. 
CUSIP: 
22551LFJ4 
Key Dates: 
Each Observation Date and Contingent Coupon Payment Date is set forth in the table below. The Key Dates 
are subject to postponement as set forth in any accompanying product supplement under "Description of the 
Securities—Postponement of calculation dates." 
Contingent Coupon Payment 
Observation Dates 
Dates 
January 16, 2019 
April 16, 2019 
July 17, 2019 
October 17, 2019 
January 16, 2020 
April 17, 2020 
July 17, 2020 
Valuation Date 
January 22, 2019 
April 22, 2019 
July 22, 2019 
October 22, 2019 
January 22, 2020 
April 22, 2020 
July 22, 2020 
Maturity Date 
You may revoke your offer to purchase the securities at any time prior to the time at which we accept such offer on 
the date the securities are priced. We reserve the right to change the terms of, or reject any offer to purchase the 
securities prior to their issuance. In the event of any changes to the terms of the securities, we will notify you and you 
will be asked to accept such changes in connection with your purchase. You may also choose to reject such changes 
in which case we may reject your offer to purchase. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076257 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222441 
EFTA01378974

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378975.pdf
----------------------------------------
Additional Terms Specific to the Securities 
You should read this pricing supplement together with the underlying supplement dated April 19, 2018, the product supplement 
dated June 30, 2017, the prospectus supplement dated June 30, 2017 and the prospectus dated June 30, 2017, relating to our 
Medium-Term Notes of which these securities are a part. You may access these documents on the SEC website at 
www.sec.gov as follows (or if such address has changed, by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website): 
• 
Underlying Supplement dated April 19, 2018: 
htlps://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1053092/000095010318004962/dp89590 424b2-underNinq.htm 
• 
Product Supplement No. I-B dated June 30, 2017: 
http://www.secmov/Archives/edoar/data/1053092/000095010317006316/d077781 424 b2-ib.htm 
• 
Prospectus Supplement and Prospectus dated June 30, 2017: 
http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edqaddata/1053092/000104746917004364/a2232566z424b2.htm 
In the event the terms of the securities described in this pricing supplement differ from, or are inconsistent with, the terms 
described in the underlying supplement, any product supplement, the prospectus supplement or prospectus, the terms 
described in this pricing supplement will control. 
Our Central Index Key, or CIK, on the SEC website is 1053092. As used in this pricing supplement, "we," us," or "our" refers to 
Credit Suisse. 
This pricing supplement, together with the documents listed above, contains the terms of the securities and supersedes all 
other prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing 
terms, fact sheets, correspondence, trade ideas, structures for implementation, sample structures, brochures or other 
educational materials of ours. We may, without the consent of the registered holder of the securities and the owner of any 
beneficial interest in the securities, amend the securities to conform to its terms as set forth in this pricing supplement and the 
documents listed above, and the trustee is authorized to enter into any such amendment without any such consent. You should 
carefully consider, among other things, the matters set forth in 'Selected Risk Considerations" in this pricing supplement and 
'Risk Factors" in any accompanying product supplement, "Foreign Currency Risks" in the accompanying prospectus, and any 
risk factors we describe in the combined Annual Report on Form 20-F of Credit Suisse Group AG and us incorporated by 
reference therein, and any additional risk factors we describe in future filings we make with the SEC under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as the securities involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. You should 
consult your investment, legal, tax, accounting and other advisors before deciding to invest in the securities. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(i) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) not a qualified investor as defined in Directive 2003/71/EC; and 
(b) the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the securities offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the securities. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076258 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222442 
EFTA01378975

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378976.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hypothetical Redemption Amounts and Total Payments on the Securities 
The tables and examples below illustrate, for a $1,000 investment in the securities, hypothetical Redemption Amounts payable 
at maturity for a hypothetical range of Underlying Returns of the Lowest Performing Underlying and, in the case of Table 2, total 
contingent coupons payable over the term of the securities, which will depend on the number of Coupon Barrier Events that 
have occurred over the term of the securities. The tables and examples below assume (i) if a Coupon Barrier Event does not 
occur on any trading day during an Observation Period, a contingent coupon of $30 per $1,000 principal amount of securities 
will be paid on the immediately following Contingent Coupon Payment Date, (ii) the securities are not redeemed prior to 
maturity, (iii) the term of the securities is exactly two years and (iv) the Knock-In Level for each Underlying is 75% of the Initial 
Level of such Underlying. The actual contingent coupon and Knock-In Levels will be determined on the Trade Date. The 
examples are intended to illustrate hypothetical calculations of only the Redemption Amount and do not illustrate the calculation 
or payment of any individual contingent coupon. 
The hypothetical Redemption Amounts and total contingent coupons set forth below are for illustrative purposes only. The 
actual Redemption Amount and total contingent coupons applicable to a purchaser of the securities, if any, will depend on the 
number of Coupon Barrier Events that have occurred over the term of the securities, whether a Knock-In Event has occurred 
and on the Final Level of the Lowest Performing Underlying. It is not possible to predict how many Coupon Barrier Events will 
occur, if any, or whether a Knock-In Event will occur and, in the event that there is a Knock-In Event, by how much the level of 
the Lowest Performing Underlying has decreased from its Initial Level to its Final Level. You will not participate in any 
appreciation in the Underlyings. You should consider carefully whether the securities are suitable to your investment goals. Any 
payment on the securities is subject to our ability to pay our obligations as they become due. The numbers appearing in the 
tables and examples below have been rounded for ease of analysis. 
TABLE 1: Hypothetical Redemption Amounts 
Percentage Change from the Initial 
Level to the Final Level of the 
Lowest Performing Underlying 
Underlying Return of the Lowest 
Performing Underlying 
Redemption Amount (excluding 
contingent coupons, if any) 
Total Contingent Coupons 
100% 
0% 
$1,000 
90% 
0% 
$1,000 
80% 
0% 
51,000 
70% 
0% 
$1,000 
60% 
0% 
$1,000 
50% 
0% 
51,000 
40% 
0% 
$1,000 
30% 
0% 
$1,000 
20% 
0% 
$1,000 
10% 
0% 
$1,000 
0% 
0% 
$1,000 
-10% 
-10% 
$1,000 
-20% 
-20% 
$1,000 
-25% 
-25% 
$1,000 
-26% 
-26% 
$740 
-30% 
-30% 
$700 
-40% 
-40% 
$600 
(See Table 2 below) 
-50% 
-50% 
$500 
-60% 
-60% 
$400 
-70% 
-70% 
$300 
-80% 
-80% 
$200 
-90% 
-90% 
$100 
-100% 
-100% 
SO 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076259 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222443 
EFTA01378976

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378977.pdf
----------------------------------------
TABLE 2: The expected total contingent coupons will depend on how many Coupon Barrier Events occur. 
Number of Coupon Barrier Events 
Total Contingent Coupons 
A Coupon Barrier Event does not occur during any Observation Period 
$240 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs during 1 Observation Period 
$210 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs during 2 Observation Periods 
$180 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs during 3 Observation Periods 
$150 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs during 4 Observation Periods 
$120 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs during 5 Observation Periods 
$90 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs during 6 Observation Periods 
$60 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs during 7 Observation Periods 
$30 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs during 8 Observation Periods 
$0 
The total payment on the securities will be equal to the Redemption Amount applicable to an investor plus the total contingent 
coupons payable on the securities. 
The following examples illustrate how the Redemption Amount is calculated. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076260 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222444 
EFTA01378977

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378978.pdf
----------------------------------------
Example 1: A Knock-In Event has occurred. 
Underlying 
Final Level 
SPX 
110% of Initial Level 
RTY 
50% of Initial Level 
NDX 
90% of Initial Level 
Because the Final Level of an Underlying is less than its Knock-In Level, a Knock-In Event has occurred. RTY is the Lowest 
Performing Underlying. 
Therefore, the Redemption Amount is determined as follows: 
Underlying Return of the 
Lowest Performing 
= the lesser of () zero and (i) (Final Level - Initial Level) / Initial Level 
= the lesser of () zero and a) -50% 
Underlying 
= -50% 
Redemption Amount 
= $1,000 ■ (1 + Underlying Return of the Lowest Performing Underlying) 
= $1,000 ■ 0.50 
= $500 
Even though the Final Level of an Underlying is greater than its Initial Level, you will not participate in such appreciation of such 
Underlying and you will be exposed to the depreciation in the Lowest Performing Underlying. 
Example 2: A Knock-In Event has not occurred. 
Underlying 
Final Level 
SPX 
110% of Initial Level 
RTY 
105% of Initial Level 
NDX 
110% of Initial Level 
Because the Final Level of each Underlying is equal to or greater than its Knock-In Level, a Knock-In Event has not occurred. 
Even though the Final Level of each Underlying is greater than its Initial Level, you will not participate in the appreciation of any 
Underlying. 
Therefore, the Redemption Amount equals $1,000. 
Example 3: A Knock-In Event has not occurred. 
Underlying 
Final Level 
SPX 
95% of Initial Level 
RTY 
80% of Initial Level 
NDX 
90% of Initial Level 
Even though the Final Level of each Underlying is less than its Initial Level, because the Final Level of each Underlying is equal 
to or greater than its Knock-In Level, a Knock-In Event has not occurred. 
Therefore, the Redemption Amount equals $1,000. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076261 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222445 
EFTA01378978

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378979.pdf
----------------------------------------
Selected Risk Considerations 
An investment in the securities involves significant risks. Investing in the securities is not equivalent to investing directly in the 
Underlyings. These risks are explained in more detail in the "Risk Factors" section of any accompanying product supplement. 
• 
YOU MAY RECEIVE LESS THAN THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT AT MATURITY— If the securities are not redeemed prior 
to the Maturity Date, you may receive less at maturity than you originally invested in the securities, or you may receive 
nothing, excluding contingent coupons, if any. If a Knock-In Event has occurred, you will be fully exposed to any 
depreciation in the Lowest Performing Underlying. In this case, the Redemption Amount you will receive will be less than 
the principal amount of the securities, and you could lose your entire investment. It is not possible to predict whether a 
Knock-In Event will occur, and in the event that there is a Knock-In Event, by how much the level of the Lowest Performing 
Underlying has decreased from its Initial Level to its Final Level. Any payment on the securities is subject to our ability to 
pay our obligations as they become due. 
• 
REGARDLESS OF THE AMOUNT OF ANY PAYMENT YOU RECEIVE ON THE SECURITIES, YOUR ACTUAL YIELD 
MAY BE DIFFERENT IN REAL VALUE TERMS— Inflation may cause the real value of any payment you receive on the 
securities to be less at maturity than it is at the time you invest. An investment in the securities also represents a forgone 
opportunity to invest in an alternative asset that generates a higher real return. You should carefully consider whether an 
investment that may result in a return that is lower than the return on alternative investments is appropriate for you. 
• 
THE SECURITIES DO NOT PROVIDE FOR REGULAR FIXED INTEREST PAYMENTS— Unlike conventional debt 
securities, the securities do not provide for regular fixed interest payments. The number of contingent coupons you receive 
over the term of the securities, if any, will depend on the performance of the Underlyings during the term of the securities 
and the number of Coupon Barrier Events that occur. If a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred during any Observation 
Period, you will not receive a contingent coupon on the Contingent Coupon Payment Date immediately following such 
Observation Period. Accordingly, if a Coupon Barrier Event occurs during every Observation Period, you will not receive 
any contingent coupons during the term of the securities. Thus, the securities are not a suitable investment for investors 
who require regular fixed income payments, since the number of contingent coupons is variable and may be zero. 
In addition, if rates generally increase over the term of the securities, it is more likely that the contingent coupon, if any, 
could be less than the yield one might receive based on market rates at that time. This would have the further effect of 
decreasing the value of your securities both nominally in terms of below-market coupons and in real value terms. 
Furthermore, it is possible that you will not receive some or all of the contingent coupons over the term of the securities, 
and still lose your principal amount. Even if you do receive some or all of your principal amount at maturity, you will not be 
compensated for the time value of money. These securities are not short-term investments, so you should carefully 
consider these risks before investing. 
• 
MORE FAVORABLE TERMS TO YOU ARE GENERALLY ASSOCIATED WITH AN UNDERLYING WITH GREATER 
EXPECTED VOLATILITY AND THEREFORE CAN INDICATE A GREATER RISK OF LOSS—"Volatility- refers to the 
frequency and magnitude of changes in the level of an Underlying. The greater the expected volatility with respect to an 
Underlying on the Trade Date, the higher the expectation as of the Trade Date that the closing level of such Underlying 
could be less than its (i) Coupon Barrier Level on any trading day during an Observation Period or a) Knock-In Level on 
the Valuation Date, indicating a higher expected risk of loss on the securities. This greater expected risk will generally be 
reflected in a higher contingent coupon than the yield payable on our conventional debt securities with a similar maturity, 
or in more favorable terms (such as lower Coupon Barrier Levels or Knock-In Levels) than for similar securities linked to 
the performance of an underlying with a lower expected volatility as of the Trade Date. You should therefore understand 
that a relatively higher contingent coupon may indicate an increased risk of loss. Further, relatively lower Coupon Barrier 
Levels or Knock-In Levels may not necessarily indicate that you will receive a contingent coupon on any Contingent 
Coupon Payment Date or that the securities have a greater likelihood of a return of principal at maturity. The volatility of 
any Underlying can change significantly over the term of the securities. The levels of the Underlyings for your securities 
could fall sharply, which could result in a significant loss of principal. You should be willing to accept the downside market 
risk of the Underlyings and the potential to lose a significant amount of your principal at maturity. 
• 
AT MATURITY OR UPON EARLY REDEMPTION, THE SECURITIES WILL NOT PAY MORE THAN THE PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT PLUS THE FINAL CONTINGENT COUPON, IF ANY— At maturity or upon Early Redemption, the securities 
will not pay more than the principal amount plus the final contingent coupon, if any, regardless of the performance of any 
Underlying. Even if the Final Level of each Underlying is greater than its respective Initial Level, you will not participate in 
the appreciation of any Underlying. The maximum amount payable with respect to the securities (excluding contingent 
coupons, if any) is $1,000 for each $1,000 principal amount of the securities. 
• 
THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO THE CREDIT RISK OF CREDIT SUISSE — Investors are dependent on our ability 
to pay all amounts due on the securities and, therefore, if we were to default on our obligations, you may not receive any 
amounts owed to you under the securities. In addition, any decline in our credit ratings, any adverse changes in the 
market's view of our creditworthiness or any increase in our credit spreads is likely to adversely affect the value of the 
securities prior to maturity. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076262 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222446 
EFTA01378979

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378980.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO A POTENTIAL EARLY REDEMPTION, WHICH EXPOSES YOU TO 
REINVESTMENT RISK- Market events could affect our decision to redeem the securities. For example. it is more likely 
that Credit Suisse will redeem the securities prior to the Maturity Date at a time when Credit Suisse believes it will be likely 
to pay contingent coupons over the term of the securities and could issue a comparable debt security with a lower 
contingent coupon. If we redeem the securities prior to maturity, you may not be able to invest in other securities with a 
similar level of risk that offer the same contingent coupon as the securities. 
• 
AN EARLY REDEMPTION WOULD LIMIT YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO BE PAID CONTINGENT COUPONS OVER THE 
FULL TERM OF THE SECURITIES- The securities are subject to a potential Early Redemption on any Contingent 
Coupon Payment Date scheduled to occur on or after January 22, 2019 but prior to the Maturity Date, upon notice to the 
trustee on or before the immediately preceding Observation Date. If the securities are redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, 
you will receive a cash payment equal to the principal amount of your securities and the contingent coupon payable, if any, 
on that Contingent Coupon Payment Date, and no further payments will be made in respect of the securities. In this case, 
you will lose the opportunity to continue to be paid contingent coupons from the date of Early Redemption to the scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
• 
YOU WILL BE SUBJECT TO RISKS RELATING TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNDERLYINGS- The 
securities are linked to the individual performance of each Underlying. As such, the securities will perform poorly if only 
one of the Underlyings performs poorly. For example, if one Underlying appreciates from its Initial Level to its Final Level, 
but the Final Level of the Lowest Performing Underlying is less than its Knock-In Level, you will be exposed to the 
depreciation of the Lowest Performing Underlying and you will not benefit from the performance of any other Underlying. 
Each additional Underlying to which the securities are linked increases the risk that the securities will perform poorly. By 
investing in the securities, you assume the risk that () the Final Level of at least one of the Underlyings will be less than its 
Knock-In Level and (ii) a Coupon Barrier Event occurs with respect to at least one of the Underlyings during one or more 
Observation Periods, regardless of the performance of any other Underlying. 
It is impossible to predict the relationship between the Underlyings. If the performances of the Underlyings exhibit no 
relationship to each other, it is more likely that one of the Underlyings will cause the securities to perform poorly. However, 
if the performances of the equity securities included in each Underlying are related such that the performances of the 
Underlyings are correlated, then there is less likelihood that only one Underlying will cause the securities to perform poorly. 
Furthermore, to the extent that each Underlying represents a different market segment or market sector, the risk of one 
Underlying performing poorly is greater. As a result, you are not only taking market risk on each Underlying, you are also 
taking a risk relating to the relationship among the Underlyings. 
• 
THE SECURITIES ARE LINKED TO THE RUSSELL 2000m INDEX AND ARE SUBJECT TO THE RISKS ASSOCIATED 
WITH SMALL-CAPITALIZATION COMPANIES- The Russell 20000 Index is composed of equity securities issued by 
companies with relatively small market capitalization. These equity securities often have greater stock price volatility, 
lower trading volume and less liquidity than the equity securities of large-capitalization companies, and are more 
vulnerable to adverse business and economic developments than those of large-capitalization companies. In addition, 
small-capitalization companies are typically less established and less stable financially than large-capitalization 
companies. These companies may depend on a small number of key personnel, making them more vulnerable to loss of 
personnel. Such companies tend to have smaller revenues, less diverse product lines, smaller shares of their product or 
service markets, fewer financial resources and less competitive strengths than large-capitalization companies and are 
more susceptible to adverse developments related to their products. Therefore, the Russell 2000s Index may be more 
volatile than it would be if it were composed of equity securities issued by large-capitalization companies. 
• 
HEDGING AND TRADING ACTIVITY— We or any of our affiliates may carry out hedging activities related to the 
securities, including in instruments related to the Underlyings. We or our affiliates may also trade instruments related to the 
Underlyings from time to time. Any of these hedging or trading activities on or prior to the Trade Date and during the term 
of the securities could adversely affect our payment to you at maturity. 
• 
THE ESTIMATED VALUE OF THE SECURITIES ON THE TRADE DATE MAY BE LESS THAN THE PRICE TO 
PUBLIC- The initial estimated value of your securities on the Trade Date (as determined by reference to our pricing 
models and our internal funding rate) may be significantly less than the original Price to Public. The Price to Public of the 
securities includes any discounts or commissions as well as transaction costs such as expenses incurred to create, 
document and market the securities and the cost of hedging our risks as issuer of the securities through one or more of 
our affiliates (which includes a projected profit). These costs will be effectively borne by you as an investor in the 
securities. These amounts will be retained by Credit Suisse or our affiliates in connection with our structuring and offering 
of the securities (except to the extent discounts or commissions are reallowed to other broker-dealers or any costs are 
paid to third parties). 
On the Trade Date, we value the components of the securities in accordance with our pricing models. These include a 
fixed income component valued using our internal funding rate, and individual option components valued using mid-market 
pricing. As such, the payout on the securities can be replicated using a combination of these components and the value of 
these components, as determined by us using our pricing models, will impact the terms of the securities at issuance. Our 
option valuation models are proprietary. Our pricing models take into account factors such as interest rates, volatility and 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076263 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222447 
EFTA01378980

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378981.pdf
----------------------------------------
time to maturity of the securities, and they rely in part on certain assumptions about future events, which may prove to be 
incorrect. 
Because Credit Suisse's pricing models may differ from other issuers' valuation models, and because funding rates taken 
into account by other issuers may vary materially from the rates used by Credit Suisse (even among issuers with similar 
creditworthiness), our estimated value at any time may not be comparable to estimated values of similar securities of other 
issuers. 
• 
EFFECT OF INTEREST RATE USED IN STRUCTURING THE SECURITIES- The internal funding rate we use in 
structuring notes such as these securities is typically lower than the interest rate that is reflected in the yield on our 
conventional debt securities of similar maturity in the secondary market (our "secondary market credit spreads"). If on the 
Trade Date our internal funding rate is lower than our secondary market credit spreads, we expect that the economic terms 
of the securities will generally be less favorable to you than they would have been if our secondary market credit spread 
had been used in structuring the securities. We will also use our internal funding rate to determine the price of the 
securities if we post a bid to repurchase your securities in secondary market transactions. See "—Secondary Market 
Prices" below. 
SECONDARY MARKET PRICES- If Credit Suisse (or an affiliate) bids for your securities in secondary market 
transactions, which we are not obligated to do, the secondary market price (and the value used for account statements or 
otherwise) may be higher or lower than the Price to Public and the estimated value of the securities on the Trade Date. 
The estimated value of the securities on the cover of this pricing supplement does not represent a minimum price at which 
we would be willing to buy the securities in the secondary market (if any exists) at any time. The secondary market price of 
your securities at any time cannot be predicted and will reflect the then-current estimated value determined by reference to 
our pricing models and other factors. These other factors include our internal funding rate, customary bid and ask spreads 
and other transaction costs, changes in market conditions and any deterioration or improvement in our creditworthiness. 
In circumstances where our internal funding rate is lower than our secondary market credit spreads, our secondary market 
bid for your securities could be more favorable than what other dealers might bid because, assuming all else equal, we 
use the lower internal funding rate to price the securities and other dealers might use the higher secondary market credit 
spread to price them. Furthermore, assuming no change in market conditions from the Trade Date, the secondary market 
price of your securities will be lower than the Price to Public because it will not include any discounts or commissions and 
hedging and other transaction costs. If you sell your securities to a dealer in a secondary market transaction, the dealer 
may impose an additional discount or commission, and as a result the price you receive on your securities may be lower 
than the price at which we may repurchase the securities from such dealer. 
We (or an affiliate) may initially post a bid to repurchase the securities from you at a price that will exceed the then-current 
estimated value of the securities. That higher price reflects our projected profit and costs that were included in the Price to 
Public, and that higher price may also be initially used for account statements or otherwise. We (or our affiliate) may offer 
to pay this higher price, for your benefd, but the amount of any excess over the then-current estimated value will be 
temporary and is expected to decline over a period of approximately three months. 
The securities are not designed to be short-term trading instruments and any sale prior to maturity could result in a 
substantial loss to you. You should be willing and able to hold your securities to maturity. 
• 
CREDIT SUISSE IS SUBJECT TO SWISS REGULATION—As a Swiss bank, Credit Suisse is subject to regulation by 
governmental agencies, supervisory authorities and self-regulatory organizations in Switzerland. Such regulation is 
increasingly more extensive and complex and subjects Credit Suisse to risks. For example, pursuant to Swiss banking 
laws, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) may open resolution proceedings if there are justified 
concerns that Credit Suisse is over-indebted, has serious liquidity problems or no longer fulfills capital adequacy 
requirements. FINMA has broad powers and discretion in the case of resolution proceedings, which include the power to 
convert debt instruments and other liabilities of Credit Suisse into equity and/or cancel such liabilities in whole or in part. If 
one or more of these measures were imposed, such measures may adversely affect the terms and market value of the 
securities and/or the ability of Credit Suisse to make payments thereunder and you may not receive any amounts owed to 
you under the securities. 
• 
LACK OF LIQUIDITY- The securities will not be listed on any securities exchange. Credit Suisse (or its affiliates) intends 
to offer to purchase the securities in the secondary market but is not required to do so. Even if there is a secondary 
market, it may not provide enough liquidity to allow you to trade or sell the securities when you wish to do so. Because 
other dealers are not likely to make a secondary market for the securities, the price at which you may be able to trade your 
securities is likely to depend on the price, if any, at which Credit Suisse (or its affiliates) is willing to buy the securities. If 
you have to sell your securities prior to maturity, you may not be able to do so or you may have to sell them at a 
substantial loss. 
• 
POTENTIAL CONFLICTS- We and our affiliates play a variety of roles in connection with the issuance of the securities, 
including acting as calculation agent and as agent of the issuer for the offering of the securities, hedging our obligations 
under the securities and determining their estimated value. In performing these duties, the economic interests of us and 
our affiliates are potentially adverse to your interests as an investor in the securities. Further, hedging activities may 
adversely affect any payment on or the value of the securities. Any profit in connection with such hedging activities will be 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076264 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222448 
EFTA01378981

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378982.pdf
----------------------------------------
in addition to any other compensation that we and our affiliates receive for the sale of the securities, which creates an 
additional incentive to sell the securities to you. 
• 
UNPREDICTABLE ECONOMIC AND MARKET FACTORS WILL AFFECT THE VALUE OF THE SECURITIES— The 
payout on the securities can be replicated using a combination of the components described in "The estimated value of the 
securities on the Trade Date may be less than the Price to Public." Therefore, in addition to the levels of any Underlying, 
the terms of the securities at issuance and the value of the securities prior to maturity may be influenced by factors that 
impact the value of fixed income securities and options in general, such as: 
the expected and actual volatility of the Underlyings; 
the expected and actual correlation, if any, between the Underlyings; 
the time to maturity of the securities; 
the dividend rate on the equity securities included in the Underlyings; 
interest and yield rates in the market generally; 
investors' expectations with respect to the rate of inflation; 
geopolitical conditions and economic, financial, political, regulatory or judicial events that affect the components 
included in the Undedyings or markets generally and which may affect the levels of the Underlyings; and 
our creditworthiness, including actual or anticipated downgrades in our credit ratings. 
Some or all of these factors may influence the price that you will receive if you choose to sell your securities prior to 
maturity. The impact of any of the factors set forth above may enhance or offset some or all of any change resulting from 
another factor or factors. 
• 
NO OWNERSHIP RIGHTS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYINGS- Your return on the securities will not reflect the return 
you would realize if you actually owned the equity securities that comprise the Underlyings. The return on your investment 
is not the same as the total return based on a purchase of the equity securities that comprise the Underlyings. 
• 
NO DIVIDEND PAYMENTS OR VOTING RIGHTS— As a holder of the securities, you will not have voting rights or rights 
to receive cash dividends or other distributions or other rights with respect to the equity securities that comprise the 
Underlyings. 
• 
THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES ARE UNCLEAR— There is no 
direct legal authority regarding the proper U.S. federal tax treatment of the securities, and we do not plan to request a 
ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). Consequently, significant aspects of the tax treatment of the 
securities are uncertain, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the treatment of the securities as described in "United 
States Federal Tax Considerations° below. If the IRS were successful in asserting an alternative treatment, the tax 
consequences of ownership and disposition of the securities, including the timing and character of income recognized by 
U.S. investors and the withholding tax consequences to non-U.S. investors, might be materially and adversely affected. 
Moreover, future legislation, Treasury regulations or IRS guidance could adversely affect the U.S. federal tax treatment of 
the securities, possibly retroactively. 
Supplemental Use of Proceeds and Hedging 
We intend to use the proceeds of this offering for our general corporate purposes, which may include the refinancing of existing 
debt outside Switzerland. Some or all of the proceeds we receive from the sale of the securities may be used in connection with 
hedging our obligations under the securities through one or more of our affiliates. Such hedging or trading activities on or prior 
to the Trade Date and during the term of the securities (including on any trading day during any Observation Period or any 
calculation date, as defined in any accompanying product supplement) could adversely affect the value of the Underlyings and, 
as a result, could decrease the amount you may receive on the securities at maturity. For additional information, see 
"Supplemental Use of Proceeds and Hedging" in any accompanying product supplement. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076265 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222449 
EFTA01378982

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378983.pdf
----------------------------------------
Historical Information 
The following graphs set forth the historical performance of the Underlyings based on the closing level of each Underlying from 
January 2, 2013 through October 9, 2018. We obtained the historical information below from Bloomberg, without independent 
verification. 
You should not take the historical levels of the Underlyings as an indication of future performance of the Underlyings or the 
securities. Any historical trend in the levels of the Underlyings during any period set forth below is not an indication that the 
levels of the Underlyings are more or less likely to increase or decrease at any time over the term of the securities. 
For additional information on the SW 500® Index, the Russell 2000® Index and the Nasdaq-100 Index, see "The Reference 
Indices—The S&P Dow Jones Indices—The S&P 500® Index," "The Reference Indices—The FTSE Russell Indices—The 
Russell 2000e Index' and "The Reference Indices—The NASDAQ-100 Index in the accompanying underlying supplement. 
The closing level of the S&P 500® Index on October 9, 2018 was 2880.34. 
Historical Performance of the S&P 50V Index 
J 
1,500 
O 
3.000 
2.500 
2.000 
1,000 
500 
en 
v 
Let 
47, 
u 
.. 
r. 
m 
... 
• 
s li cks
..5 
C
I& 
S. cc 
2.
..c 
O 
O 
S 
O 
• 
Source: Bloomberg 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076266 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222450 
EFTA01378983

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378984.pdf
----------------------------------------
The closing level of the Russell 2000't Index on October 9, 2018 was 1621.865. 
Historical Performance of the Russell 20001) Index 
2.000 i 
1.500 
—a 
c 1,000 
O 
tc. 
500 
OM 
eel 
ea 
M 
Q 
O 
C 
cr 
vt 
tia 
ata 
e 
f. N. 1. h 
co 
co 
to to 
I 
I 
I 
I 
c
— 
CI. 
= 
--, 
--. 0 
' 
" 
41,4 
a 8
• 
0. 
• 
• 
$ 
# 
C 
Source: Bloomberg 
• 
O 
c 
— 
•-• 
cp 
tn. 
—1
The closing level of the Nasdaq-100 Index on October 9, 2018 was 7371.615. 
Historical Performance of the Nasdaq-100 Index 
8.000 
7,000 
6.000 
5.000 
g• 4,000 
L' 3,000 
2.000 
1,000 
C 
• 
• 
A 6 
M 
eel 
ea 
P 
in 
.e. 
IA 
In 
4O 
%C. 
.0 
1. 
N. 
A ib
• 
O 
I 
O 
= 
• 
a 
0. 
C 
•-
e• 
Source: Bloomberg 
• 
• 
I
C
de 
0. 
Zo 
d 
—1
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076267 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222451 
EFTA01378984

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378985.pdf
----------------------------------------
United States Federal Tax Considerations 
This discussion supplements and, to the extent inconsistent therewith, supersedes the discussion in the accompanying product 
supplement under 'Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations." 
Due to the lack of any controlling legal authority, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of 
an investment in the securities. In the opinion of our counsel, Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, it is reasonable under current law to 
treat the securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes as prepaid financial contracts with associated coupons that will be 
treated as gross income to you at the time received or accrued in accordance with your regular method of tax accounting. 
However, our counsel has advised us that it is unable to conclude affirmatively that this treatment is more likely than not to be 
upheld, and that alternative treatments are possible that could materially affect the timing and character of income or loss you 
recognize on the securities. Moreover, our counsel's opinion is based on market conditions as of the date of this preliminary 
pricing supplement and is subject to confirmation on the Trade Date. 
Assuming this treatment of the securities is respected and subject to the discussion in "Material United States Federal Income 
Tax Considerations" in the accompanying product supplement, the following U.S. federal income tax consequences should 
result: 
• 
Any coupons paid on the securities should be taxable as ordinary income to you at the time received or accrued in 
accordance with your regular method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
• 
Upon a sale or other disposition (including retirement) of a security, you should recognize capital gain or loss equal to the 
difference between the amount realized and your tax basis in the security. For this purpose, the amount realized does not 
include any coupon paid on retirement and may not include sale proceeds attributable to an accrued coupon, which may be 
treated as a coupon payment. Such gain or loss should be long-term capital gain or loss if you held the security for more 
than one year. 
We do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the treatment of the securities, and the IRS or a court might not 
agree with the treatment described herein. In particular, the securities might be determined to be contingent payment debt 
instruments, in which case the tax consequences of ownership and disposition of the securities, including the timing and 
character of income recognized, might be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, the U.S. Treasury Department and the 
IRS have requested comments on various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward 
contracts" and similar financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations 
or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative 
contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could 
materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the securities, possibly with retroactive effect. You 
should consult your tax advisor regarding possible alternative tax treatments of the securities and potential changes in 
applicable law. 
Non-U.S. Holders.The U.S. federal income tax treatment of the coupons is unclear. Except as provided below and in the 
accompanying product supplement under -Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations—Securities Held 
Through Foreign Entities" and "Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations—Non-U.S. Holders Generally—
Substitute Dividend and Dividend Equivalent Payments," we currently do not intend to treat coupons paid to a Non-U.S. Holder 
(as defined in the accompanying product supplement) of the securities as subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, provided that 
the Non-U.S. Holder complies with applicable certification requirements. However, it is possible that the IRS could assert that 
such payments are subject to U.S. withholding tax, or that we or another withholding agent may otherwise determine that 
withholding is required, in which case we or the other withholding agent may withhold at a rate of up to 30% on such payments. 
Moreover, as discussed under "Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations—Non-U.S. Holders Generally—
Substitute Dividend and Dividend Equivalent Payments" in the accompanying product supplement, Section 871(m) of the 
Internal Revenue Code generally imposes a 30% withholding tax on "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. 
Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities. Treasury 
regulations under Section 871(m), as modified by an IRS notice, exclude from their scope financial instruments issued prior to 
January 1, 2021 that do not have a "delta" of one with respect to any U.S. equity. Based on the terms of the securities and 
representations provided by us as of the date of this preliminary pricing supplement, our counsel is of the opinion that the 
securities should not be treated as transactions that have a "delta" of one within the meaning of the regulations with respect to 
any U.S. equity and, therefore, should not be subject to withholding tax under Section 871(m). However, the final determination 
regarding the treatment of the securities under Section 871(m) will be made as of the Trade Date for the securities and it is 
possible that the securities will be subject to withholding tax under Section 871(m) based on circumstances on that date. 
A determination that the securities are not subject to Section 871(m) is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS may disagree with 
this determination. Moreover, Section 871(m) is complex and its application may depend on your particular circumstances, 
including whether you enter into other transactions with respect to a U.S. equity to which the securities relate. You should 
consult your tax advisor regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to the securities. 
We will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to U.S. federal withholding taxes. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076268 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222452 
EFTA01378985

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378986.pdf
----------------------------------------
You should read the section entitled "Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations" in the accompanying 
product supplement. The preceding discussion, when read in combination with that section, constitutes the full 
opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP regarding the material U.S. federal tax consequences of owning and disposing 
of the securities. 
You should also consult your tax advisor regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income and estate tax 
consequences of an investment in the securities and any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local 
or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076269 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222453 
EFTA01378986

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378987.pdf
----------------------------------------
Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest) 
Under the terms and subject to the conditions contained in a distribution agreement dated May 7, 2007, as amended, which we 
refer to as the distribution agreement, we have agreed to sell the securities to CSSU. We may also agree to sell the securities 
to other agents that are parties to the distribution agreement. We refer to CSSU and other such agents as the "Agents." 
The distribution agreement provides that the Agents are obligated to purchase all of the securities if any are purchased. 
The Agents may offer the securities at the offering price set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement, may receive 
varying discounts and commissions of up to $15 per $1,000 principal amount of securities and may pay selected broker-dealers 
and other distributors additional marketing, referral or other fees, commissions, or retrocessions of up to 1.50% in connection 
with the distribution of the securities. In no case will the sum of the fees, commisssions or retrocessions exceed 1.50%. The 
Agents may re-allow some or all of the discount on the principal amount per security on sales of such securities by other 
brokers or dealers. If all of the securities are not sold at the initial offering price, the Agents may change the public offering price 
and other selling terms. 
An affiliate of Credit Suisse has paid or may pay in the future a fixed amount to broker-dealers in connection with the costs of 
implementing systems to support these securities. 
We expect to deliver the securities against payment for the securities on the Settlement Date indicated herein, which may be a 
date that is greater than two business days following the Trade Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days, unless the parties to a 
trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, if the Settlement Date is more than two business days after the Trade Date, 
purchasers who wish to transact in the securities more than two business days prior to the Settlement Date will be required to 
specify alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement. 
CSSU is our affiliate. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121, CSSU may not make sales in this offering to any of its discretionary 
accounts without the prior written approval of the customer. A portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the securities will be 
used by CSSU or one of its affiliates in connection with hedging our obligations under the securities. 
For further information, please refer to "Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest)" in any accompanying product supplement. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076270 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222454 
EFTA01378987

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378988.pdf
----------------------------------------
Credit Suisse 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076271 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222455 
EFTA01378988

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378989.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
10/12/201810:42:04 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Attachments: Gerber Notice of Dismissal.pdf; Untitled attachment 08808.txt 
attached is dismissal of case 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076272 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222456 
EFTA01378989

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378990.pdf
----------------------------------------
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel
fax 
cel 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076275 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222459 
EFTA01378990

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378991.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
11/12/2018 11:55:43 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Alan can't meet Tuesday (tmw). How's Wed/Thu? 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 P rk A 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076276 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222460 
EFTA01378991

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378992.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewar
f
j 
Sent: 
11/15/2018 5:55:22 PM 
To: 
Thomas Klemm 
CC: 
Andrew Gallivan 
BCC: 
Subject: 
RE: Open 2018 HR KYCs 
I; Da hne Cales 
Richard larossi 
Just spoke to Jeffrey's office. We will get the KYC info we need for the donor to Gratitude. I need to reach out to that 
person's office tomorrow to start to gather the info. Will report back with a timeline to get that as soon as I make 
contact. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, November OS, 2018 10:00 AM 
To: Thomas Klemm < 
Cc: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: RE: Open 2018 HR KYCs 
>; Emily Craig <->; 
Daphne Cales 
Thanks, and I greatly appreciate your help. We should discuss this one in person. A brief summary of the issue is below: 
Gratitude America is a foundation, set up by Jeffrey Epstein to help some of his clients with tax planning 
One of his clients made a large donation to the foundation several years ago which is now being deemed SOW for 
Gratitude 
That client is actually one of our clients, with a current KYC, but made the donation through an entity which we have not 
KYC'd 
While we know who the end client is, we are not sure whether Jeffrey or the client want to formally disclose that info to 
us 
They are in discussions with the goal of coming back to us by Nov. 15th 
From: Thomas Klemm 
Sent: Monday, November 05, 2018 9:53 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Andrew Gallivan 
>; Emily Craig < 
Subject: Open 2018 HR KYCs 
Dear Stewart, 
>; Daphne Cales 
First, let me thank you for your ongoing efforts to address our HR KYC challenge. Demonstrating our ability to protect 
the franchise and bring the Americas in line with all other WM regions is pivotal for our growth strategy. For the first 
time we have a line of sight to closing the year at zero HR overdues. Let me add that it requires AFC approval to count a 
HR file as completed. 
For the following clients of yours, the project team has been informed that the client will either not provide the relevant 
information by 15 November or did not commit to a due date. Given that the bank would not be in a position to 
continue business with those clients unless the KYC gets completed, those clients will receive an exit letter after 15 Nov 
(DBTCA draft attached). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076277 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222461 
EFTA01378992

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378993.pdf
----------------------------------------
If the missing information will be provided in time, those names will of course be removed from the list. Otherwise a 
letter must be send. 
If the client has already provided the information and the list below would not be up-to-date, please reach out to Emily 
Craig or Daphne and please ensure that the file we be handed over to AFC in time. Please feel also free to contact me if 
need be. 
Kind regards, 
Thomas 
Stewart Oldfield 
Gratitude America Ltd 
Thomas Klemm 
Global Head of Digital and COO WM Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Dvutxlb: Bank 
Floor 24. Ottiov 242? 
.145 Park Avcnuc. New Vert% NY WI S.:. USA 
Tel N 
• 
Mobi 
Email: 
#PositiveImpact 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076278 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222462 
EFTA01378993

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378994.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
11/16/2018 1:05:50 PM 
To: 
Emily Craig 
• Yoonsun Chung [a; 
Bradley Gitlin 
CC: 
Daphne Cales 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [II 
Cool. Thanks everyone. Sorry for the long and winding path to get here .. . 
From: Emily Craig 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 1:05 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chun • < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradley Gillin 
Cc: Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] 
Classification: Public 
Done! 
Kind Regards, 
Emily 
Emily Craig 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Ikunctic Bank. Sktunno. 
I South Street. fullimore.NR) 212024298 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 1:02 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradle Gillin < 
Cc: Emily Craig < 
>; Daphne Cales 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust ill 
Classification: Public 
Emily? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076279 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222463 
EFTA01378994

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378995.pdf
----------------------------------------
I think we can. I will close both cases? 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bark 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 1:00 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Emily Craig < 
>; Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] 
Actually, turns out that the client plans to close this account prior to year end. Can we just move it to the exclusion 
list? They also plan to close Mort, Inc, but we've already done that KYC. 
Thanks 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 201812:38 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust III 
Classification: Public 
Sounds good. If you can get his ID, that would be the easiest. Thank you. 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076280 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222464 
EFTA01378995

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378996.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, Novem 
To: Yoonsun Chung 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust DI 
Bradley Gillin 
I think he is friends with those people, but I've never thought he was exerting political influence or should be 
deemed a PEP. Maybe we should tackle that issue at a later date assuming I can just get an ID for Mark 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16 201812:17 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I) 
Classification: Public 
Hello, 
Bradley Gillin 
So we need name, address, DOB and nationality. Then we need to verify him. In this case, the settlor is a PEP so we 
need ID. 
Do we think he is still a PEP? Is he still associated with prince Andrew? If you make a good case where he is no 
longer a PEP... then we can verify him in an alternative means — Lexis smartlinx—which you get when you run full 
searches. If you want to go this route, I would send an email to Andrew Gallivan stating why you think he should no 
longer be a PEP. He is technically an RCA (relative and close associate) to Prince Andrew and Bill clinton. Is he still 
associated with them? To the best of your knowledge, do you think he is exerting influence based on his connection 
to these PEPs? Etc. Once Andrew approves, please forward the email to me. 
If you believe he is still associated, then we need a government issued ID. 
Thank you 
Yoonsun 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street. 10005-2636 New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 1 
Fax 1 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076281 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222465 
EFTA01378996

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378997.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 16 201811:56 AM 
To: Yoonsun Chung < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust (I) 
Got it. I didn't read it that way the first time, but do now. Thanks for the clarification. Now I remember why 
decided not to become a lawyer ... 
So, what info do we need on the brother? 
Thanks for staying with this one. 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 11:39 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust III 
Classification: Public 
Hello, 
Yes, that is the part you sent me — amendment of the benes AFTER his death. We are not interested (for the KYC 
purposes) the contingent beneficiaries. The amendment only amends the contingent beneficiaries. 
The amendment document specifically states that it is deleting all beneficiaries named under sections (b) (1) 
through (b) (6) of Article First of the Insurance Trust and added certain beneficiaries, who, upon the death of the 
grantor of the Insurance Trust, would be entitled to the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance 
Trust. Mark was listed in (b) (6), which deals with AFTER DEATH. 
However, the amendment did NOT modify section (a) of the First article, which identifies him as the person that 
could benefit from the trust until his death. 
I'm attaching the trust documents. It contains the amendment (page 4 -5 of the attachment). The original trust 
agreement follows the amendment. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076282 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222466 
EFTA01378997

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378998.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
CHANGE OF BFWEIFICIARIF,5 
WHEREAS, Darren K. Indyke and Lawrence Newman are the acting Trustees 
(the "Trustees") under the provisions of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE 
TRUST $3 (the "Insurance Trust"), dated November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section (b)(7) of 
Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, by written instrument dated January 27, 2012 (the 
"January 27 Instrument"), the Trustees deleted all of the beneficiaries named under 
Sections (b)(1) through (b)(6) of Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust and added certain 
beneficiaries, who, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, would be 
entitled to the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance Trust; and 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section (b)(7) of 
Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, the Trustees desire again to delete all of the 
beneficiaries, who, pursuant to the January 27 instrument, were added as beneficiaries 
entitled to principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death 
of the Grantor thereof, and to add as beneficiaries upon the death of the Grantor of the 
insurance Trust the beneficiaries identified in this instrument; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section 
(b)(7) of Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, the Trustees hereby take the following 
action: 
1. 
The Trustees hereby delete all of the beneficiaries named, pursuant to 
the January 27 Instrument, as beneficiaries under the Insurance Trust entitled to the 
principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death of the 
Grantor thereof, and direct that, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, 
all the principal and all accumulated Income from the Insurance Trust shall be 
distributed as follows: 
A. 
One hundred percent (100%) thereof to 
if she survives the Grantor, in separate trust, the provisions of w is h are set torts in 
Section 2 below. 
B. 
If 
does not survive the Grantor, one 
hundred percent (100%) t ereo to 
if she survives the 
Grantor. 
2. 
Any property directed to be held in trust for 
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2 shall be distribute as o ows: 
A. 
The Trustees may pay any part or all of the income and such sums 
from any part or all of the principal of the trust as the Trustees, in their discretion, from 
time to time and at an time, shall determine for any reason whatsoever to, for the benefit 
of, or on behalf of 
Any income not so paid shall annually bt 
added to the principal o t to trust. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076283 
SDNY_GM_00222467 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01378998

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01378999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01378999.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street. 10305-2836 New York. NY, USA 
Tel. 1 
Fax 1 
Email 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 201811:16 AM 
To: Yoonsun Chung a; 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust (I) 
There are later amendments that remove the original bens and name Celina 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 201811:14 AM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: FW: Epstein Insurance Trust 
Classification: For internal use only 
Please see below. It looks like the brother is the current beneficiary. 
We need to remove Celina as the ben and add the brother. Can you do this or do you want me to reject it back to 
India? Or if you have all the info, I can ask someone in Jax to do it so we can approve today? Just let me 
know. Thanks 
Article First (a) identifies the grantor's brother (Mark Lawrence Epstein) as the individual that can benefit from the 
trust until the death of the Grantor. The change of beneficiaries document from 2012 amended Sections (b) (1) of 
Article First, which deals with the beneficiaries upon the death of the grantor of the Insurance Trust. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076284 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222468 
EFTA01378999

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379000.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIIE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
TRUST AGREEMENT dated Narmtrr I , 2007 between 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN (the "Grantor") and DARREN K. INDYKE and 
LAWRENCE NEWMAN (the "Trustees"). 
The Grantor states that he is a domiciliary of and resides in 
Little St. James Island, United States Virgin Islands. 
The Grantor hereby transfers to the Trustees the property 
described in Schedule A hereto, to be administered and disposed of as 
provided in this agreement. 
FIRST 
Until the death of the Grantor, and subject to article SECOND, 
the Trustees shall retain such property, IN TRUST, for the following 
purposes. 
(a) 
In the discretion of the Trustees, to pay any part or all of 
the income, if any, or principal (including any insurance policy which may 
be owned by the trust) to the Grantor's brother, MARK LAWRENCE 
EPSTEIN. during the term of this trust. Any income not so paid shall 
annually be added to principal. 
(b) 
Upon the death of the Grantor, to dispose of the then 
remaining principal, if any, including any insurance proceeds or other 
414314 I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076285 
SDNY_GM_00222469 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379000

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379001.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tel. I 
Fax I 
Email 
Front: Stewart Oidfieid <=
> 
Date: Thursday. Nov 15 2018 5:39 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust III 
It's actually the following page 
Yoonsun Chung•c
> 
1. 
The Trustees hereby delete all of the beneficiaries named, pursuant to 
the January 27 instrument, as beneficiaries under the Insurance Trust entitled to the 
principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death of the 
Grantor thereof, and direct that, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, 
all the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance Trust shall be 
distributed as follows: 
A. 
One hundred percent (100%) thereof to 
if she survives the Grantor, in separate trust, the provisions of w is arc set forth in 
Section 2 below. 
B. 
If 
ive the Grantor, one 
hundred percent (100%) ereo to 
, if she survives the 
Grantor. 
2. 
Any property directed to be held in trust for 
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2 shall be distribute as 'allows: 
A. 
The Trustees may pay any part or all of the income and such sums 
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Thursday, November 15, 2018 5:37 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Epstein Insurance Trust [I) 
> 
> 
Classification: For Internal use only 
See attached. It looks like they replaced the initial beneficiaries with 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076287 
SDNY_GM_00222471 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379001

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379002.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
GRANTOR'S REVOCATION OF DESIGNATION OF SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES 
WHEREAS, Jeffrey E. Epstein is the Grantor (the "Grantor") under the provisions 
of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 (the Insurance Trust"), dated 
November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the Insurance 
Trust, designations of successor Trustees may be revoked in writing by the maker 
thereof at any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Article EIGHTH of the Insurance Trust, the Grantor 
originally designated Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustees 
under the Insurance Trust in the event that the current Trustees, Darren K. Indyke and 
Lawrence Newman, cease for any reasons to act as Trustee; 
WHEREAS, both Darren K. Indyke and Lawrence Newman are currently acting 
as Trustees and neither Eva Andersson Dubin nor Abigail S. Wenxer has qualified as 
Trustee; and 
WHEREAS, the Grantor desires by this instrument to revoke the designation of 
both Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the 
Insurance Trust, the Grantor hereby revokes the Grant-TX 
esignation 
both Eva 
Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustee 
the Insurance 
Trust. 
Date: December 2 2012 
Receipt acknowledged b • 
DARREN K INDYKE, Trustee 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley GRIM 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 241h Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Em 
JEFFREY 
TOR 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076288 
SDNY_GM_00222472 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379002

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379003.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield
Sent: 
11/26/2018 5:20:03 PM 
To: 
Kimberly Hart 
Subject: 
FW: Butterfly Trust - new KCP brokerage 
Just called you to chat about this. Can give you color on the reason behind the need for yet another email on this topic. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, November 26, 2018 5:05 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart < 
Cc: Daniel-E Kaiser < 
Subject: Butterfly Trust - new KCP brokerage 
Kim, 
Please confirm that we can now move ahead and open a new KCP brokerage account for Butterfly Trust. We've cleared 
the lawsuit/negative media that was flagged for Epstein. We have existing banking (but not brokerage) accounts. And 
we finished the annual KYC remediation in September, which included an ID of all beneficiaries and KYC update for the 
trustees. As far as I know, this is all we needed to do to move forward with a new account for an existing client. 
Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bath Trust Company Americas 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076290 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222474 
EFTA01379003

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379004.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076291 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222475 
EFTA01379004

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379005.pdf
----------------------------------------
Concur ID 
USD pp cost 
Ticket allocaton 
Frieze Los Angeles 
Dinner or Reception tic Preview 
3VRH 
$430.00 
Pre iew 
3VRJ 
$230.00 
I I am - 95 
2pm - 95 
Private View 
3VXV 
$230.00 
lam - 125 
2pm - 125 
Day ticket 
3VRL 
$145.00 
225 
IntpsilnwW.COICUNOlution,,colniExpenselRequestAlefaukasp 
Criteria: 
• 
Invitees should be limited to the wealth management client (or prospect) and/or their family members 
• 
No sensitive counterparts (including public officials, regulatory agencies, etc.) 
• 
DB payment of client travel (t. accommodation is not permitted 
• 
Pending business at the time of invite is not permitted (i.e. specific discussions pertaining to investment type and amount 
hoe occurred and decision or action is pending with client, or discussion on moving assets from banks to DB). 
• 
Prospective business is ok - general relationship building. 
Please contact Sarah Rafferty if you have any questions. Thank you. 
Marketing. Wealth Management-Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Sarah Rafferty. 1Rad 
Nkbsta Ptv 
Bui 'Adele 
ni 
Ana 7411101 
tic.ntSchewCalth.COM 
#Positivelmpact 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https-//db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076293 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222477 
EFTA01379005

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379006.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
12/12/2018 1:50:31 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20181212 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/11/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 
ACCT 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
5,753,580.94 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
907,539.46 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
135,662.70 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
688,562.14 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
122,737.44 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
698,731.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
244,278.14 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
783,195.73 
JEGE, LLC 
194,617.66 
NES, LLC 
182,696.80 
LS7E, LLC 
297,638.62 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, ETD 
1,917,797.16 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
251,125.26 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
204,019.93 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
255,343.74 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,464,796.67 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
356,861.74 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
314,635.65 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,114.35 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,114.30 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
7,719,110.44 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,541,365.70 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
103,538.13 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
9,915,257.62 
SSW 2007 LLC 
350,284.23 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,860,537.22 
CRW 2007 LLC 
2,016,517.25 
GEW 2007 LLC 
2,016,764.61 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,919,919.50 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,648,385.14 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
9,022,470.16 
CRW 2009 LLC 
2,577,602.43 
CODE 
82289 
12/11/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GEW 2009 LLC 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
2,629,561.49 
13,608,975.69 
102,039.85 
102,039.85 
4,840,052.66 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076295 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222479 
EFTA01379006

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379007.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 0 
253,184.10 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
406,305.18 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
153,184.10 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 0 
153,184.10 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
253,184.10 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
153,184.10 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
1,531,210.82 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
102,039.85 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
203,114.30 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
1,531,210.82 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR GAME D 
153,184.10 
TOOD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
406,368.19 
RONALD & 70YCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
1,531,210.82 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,218,108.76 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,751,323.29 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
350,088.22 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTUROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK 7TWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/11/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
c 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT $ FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT $ FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
T000 R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR GAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076296 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222480 
EFTA01379007

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379008.pdf
----------------------------------------
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076297 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222481 
EFTA01379008

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379009.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
12/19/2018 9:35:49 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Automatic reply: SFL LLC 
I will be traveling for work through Wednesday Dec. 19th with inconsistent access to email, 
For immediate assistance, please contact Brad Gillin 
I. Otherwise, I look forward 
to connecting when I return. 
Thanks 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076298 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222482 
EFTA01379009

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379010.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Gillin 
Sent: 
5/3/2019 12:23:44 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
Subject: 
FW: Neptune_$1200 and $1000 wire Ill 
Classification: For Internal use only 
From: Bella Klein (mailto 
Sent: Friday, May 03, 201912:23 PM 
To: Natalie Barak 
Cc: Richard Kahn < 
Subject: Re: Neptune_$1200 and $1000 wire 
>; Bradley Gillin <
>; Brigid Macias 
Dear Team, 
Please recall 2 wires sent from Neptune LLC account No 
me know if anything else is required. 
as vendor did not receive them. Please let 
OUTGOING MONEY TRANSFER 
1.04/2612019 998000426160031 
TO WELLS FARGO BANK, NA A/C 
CKG PAINTING 
$1,200.00 
INC 
OUTGOING MONEY TRANSFER 
2.05/02/2019 998000502111730 
TO WELLS FARGO BANK, NA NC 
CKG PAINTING 
$1,000.00 
INC 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On May 3, 2019, at 10:21 AM, Natalie Barak < 
> wrote: 
We submitted an inquiry to Wells Fargo. They are reviewing and will get back to us shortly. 
Natalie Barak 
Vice President I Relationship Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Dents< he Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 30254 
tel. 
Fax 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076299 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222483 
EFTA01379010

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379011.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076301 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222485 
EFTA01379011

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379012.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT 0 
From: 
Sent: 
5/4/2019 1:07:49 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/03/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
AND 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
501,257.79 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
2,494,357.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
597,623.38 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
199,132.51 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
367,915.50 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
516,298.57 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
157,816.93 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
.00 
PLAN D, LLC 
248,970.44 
JEGE, LLC 
.00 
NES, LLC 
196,878.16 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
208,761.63 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
107,913.96 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
397,882.14 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
6,161,376.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
881,125.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
941,125.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
816,965.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
1,712,816.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
865,844.42 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
.00 
CODE 
82289 
05/03/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES 0 
250,000.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
479,054.27 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
M 
897,037.56 
GEW 2009 LLC 
M 
949,453.79 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076302 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222486 
EFTA01379012

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379013.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
596,312.86 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
2,652,366.56 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
2,958,913.70 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,130,692.52 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,130,942.44 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,010,617.81 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,009,540.45 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
5,022,978.35 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
231,600.25 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
181,502.65 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
118,883.42 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
100,000.41 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,110.84 
SHARI WAGNER 
156,722.88 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
100,836.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
100,836.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
100,836.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
252,128.58 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
192,000.36 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
100,836.21 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
101,887.71 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
945,179.36 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
7,148,069.10 
RAHUL VAID 
1,768,050.77 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
353,726.90 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,019,516.42 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
1,406,644.54 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KVBIS 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
1,026,647.16 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
738,182.58 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
812,128.46 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,101,459.56 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,228,592.17 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/03/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT IN 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT 
CRW 2007 LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC
C 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
SERVICES 0 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
.00 
691,548.67 
.00 
400,424.73 
407,943.12 
.00 
21,486,926.88 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
250,028.77 
.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
OD AMOUNT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076303 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222487 
EFTA01379013

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379014.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT # 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
5,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK )TWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
55w 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
55w 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
55w 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALA 
NAME 
CAT 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
CRW 2009 LLC 
CRW 2009 LLC 
CRW 2009 LLC 
CRW 2009 LLC 
CRW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
ALI RASHID 
ALI RASHID 
ALI RASHID 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
05/03/19 
NCES 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
C 
5,000,000.00 
C 
5,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
307,241.55 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
350,000.00 
C 
314,658.33 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DE4SDNY-0076304 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222488 
EFTA01379014

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379015.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/03/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT A 
NAME 
CAT 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
500,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
C 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
2S,000,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/03/19 
ACCT 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076305 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222489 
EFTA01379015

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379016.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
15,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
C 
.00 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
C 
.00 
ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
C 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076306 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222490 
EFTA01379016

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379017.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On May 6, 2019, at 3:55 PM, Brigid Macias ea> 
wrote: 
Good Afternoon, 
Both recalls have been processed. We are waiting to hear back from the bank for a response. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bath Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bath Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Ema 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein Imailto
Sent: Monday, May 06, 2019 3:53 PM 
To: Natalie Barak 
Cc: Richard Kahn < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Brigid Macias 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: Neptune_$1200 and $1000 wire 
Please confirm that both wires recalled. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076308 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222492 
EFTA01379017

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379018.pdf
----------------------------------------
On May 3, 2019, at 12:23 PM, Bella Klein a 
wrote: 
Dear Team, 
Please recall 2 wires sent from Neptune LLC account No xxxx3424 as vendor did 
not receive them. Please let me know if anything else is required. 
1.04/26/2019 998000426160031 
2.05/0212019 
998000502111730 
Thank you, 
Bella 
OUTGOING MONEY TRANSFER 
TO WELLS FARGO BANK, NA NC 2000027366275 CKG PAINTING 
$'
INC 
On May 3, 2019, at 10:21 AM, Natalie Barak 
wrote: 
OUTGOING 
MONEY 
TRANSFER 
TO WELLS 
FARGO BANK, 
NA NC 
2000027366275 
CKG PAINTING 
INC 
We submitted an inquiry to Wells Fargo. They are reviewing and will 
get back to us shortly. 
Natalie Barak 
Vice President I Relat€onchip Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Oeutsthe Bank Trusr Comp3ny Americas 
34$ Park Avenue, NeW York, NY 10154 
$'
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076309 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222493 
EFTA01379018

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379019.pdf
----------------------------------------
sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax 
advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as 
such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU 
corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076311 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222495 
EFTA01379019

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379020.pdf
----------------------------------------
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076312 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222496 
EFTA01379020

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379021.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
6/6/2019 1:29:41 PM 
To: 
Bella Klein 
CC: 
Natalie Barak 
Subject: 
Re: STC May 
Natalie, please send statement to Bella. Thanks. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Mana ement 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Jun 6, 2019, at 1:13 PM, Bella Klein <
> wrote: 
Hi Stewart, 
Please email May bank statement for Southern Financial LLC acc 
advance! 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Thank you in 
On Jun 6, 2019, at 10:02 AM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Please see attached. Thanks, 
Stew 
•••••••• 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. My unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076313 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222497 
EFTA01379021

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379022.pdf
----------------------------------------
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
<document pdf> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076314 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222498 
EFTA01379022

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379023.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For Internal use only 
Where does this stand? Does the client need to resend? They don't want to duplicate if we are fixing on our 
side. Thanks 
From: Saurabh-C Gupta On Behalf Of PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Sent: Tuesday, Februa 
05, 2019 12:05 PM 
To: Shanu Gujaria < 
>; Rishabh Sharma < 
>; Bradl 
Gillin < 
>; Monica Gilkinson 
Cc: 
Saurabh-C Gupta < 
>; PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Subject: RE: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 a, 
T: 
Hi Rishabh/Shanu, 
Case has been killed. 
Regards, 
PWMITUS Production Support 
Email : 
Hotline: 
x Option 2 
DB ServiceNow URL : https://dbunity.oto.olobaLintranet.db.cominavpage.do 
Assignment Group: PWM IT US U 
-----
Escalation Contacts: 
First Level : 
(Onsite) - Contact : 
(Offshore) - Contact : 
*****************•••••••••••• 
[I] 
This email is sent to you by HCL on behalf of Deutsche Bank. 
Diese email wurde Ihnen von HCL im Auftrag der Deutschen Bank gesendet 
Stewart Oldfield 
From: Saurabh-C Gupta On Behalf Of PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Sent: Tuesday, Februa 
05, 2019 11:52 AM 
To: Shanu Gujaria < 
>; Rishabh Sharma < 
>; Bradley Gillin 
Cc: 
PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Subject: RE: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 : 
Hi Rishabh/Shanu, 
We are working on it. 
Regards, 
PWMIT 
Pr 
Email : 
Hotline: 
x Option 2 
>; 
>; Stewart Oldfield 
Monica Gilkinson 
Saurabh-C Gupta 
[I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076316 
SDNY_GM_00222500 
EFTA01379023

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379024.pdf
----------------------------------------
DB ServiceNow URL : https://dbunity.gto.globaLintranet.db.com/navpage.do 
Assignment Group: PWM IT US L2 
-------
Escalation Contacts: 
First Level : 
(Onsite) - Contact : 
(Offshore) - Contact : + 
*****************nent******
-Intlele* 4**nt 
*** 
***** ***** ft*** 
********** 
ten *********************** 
This email is sent to you by HCL on behalf of Deutsche Bank. 
Diese email wurde Ihnen von HCL im Auftrag der Deutschen Bank gesendet 
************************ 
****11.******** 
.n**. 
*************************n******************************* 
From: Shanu Gujaria 
Sent: Tuesday, Februa 
05, 2019 11:51 AM 
To: Rishabh Sharma 
>; Stewart Oldfield 
>; Bradley Gillin 
Cc: 
PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Subject: RE: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 : 
[Ii 
Approved!! 
Thanks 
Shanu Gujaria 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberrv.com)
From: Rishabh Sharma c 
coin> 
Date: Tuesday. 05 Feb 2019 10:15 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield <stoc 
Bradley' Galin a', 
Monica Gilkinson 
Cc: 
, Shama 
Guiana 
, PWMITU Production upport 
> 
Subject: FW: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 : 
T. 
III 
Classification: For Infernal use only 
Hello, 
Please be informed below wire got rejected due to Format Validation Error. 
We have reversed the debit entry from client A/C. 
Kindly create the New wire. 
@ PWM IT Team, 
Please Killed the case. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076317 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222501 
EFTA01379024

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379025.pdf
----------------------------------------
@ Shanu 
Please Approve 
Regards, 
Rishabh Sharma 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
Global Business Services 
A-1 8 A- 
Iv - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Please send all the Bankin • related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
From: Vipul Jain On Behalf Of swift fin 
Sent: Tuesday, February 05, 2019 10:51 AM 
To: Don Delcher < 
>; Kathryn.' Stanfield < 
awat 
>; GTO-PWM-Banking Exce tion-Check-Processin 
Hemant-Kumar Rathore < 
>; Kathrynl Stanfield < 
>; 
GTO-PWM-Banking Exception-Check-Processing < 
; Ankit-Kumar 
Sharma 
>; Vikas Dave < 
Cc: swift fin < 
Subject: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 : 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Team, 
>; Rishabh Sharma 
The below message failed in the format validation check. 
We have cancelled the messages with no risk and responsibility on our part. 
Kindly take necessary action at your end. 
E10319020.5115\IRB 
:23B:CRED 
:32A:190205USD150000,00 
:SOK:/0044130552 
44130552 - BUTTERFLY TRUST 
do HBRK Associates, Inc 
Oi-
FORMAT 
FEB-  
2019 103 VALIDATION AMBKTPWM BKTRUS33PWM BKTRUS33XXX USD150,000.00 
15:26 
FAILED 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076318 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222502 
EFTA01379025

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379026.pdf
----------------------------------------
575 Lexington Avenue,4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
538199955009 
:57D1/FW/021000021 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA 
NEW YORK 
NY 
591066001633 
1PMS LLC 
:70:For Further Credit toAccount number 
Account name: Karyna Shul 
iak 
:71A:OUR 
103 I 90205TIMARB 
CREATION 05/02/2019 15:26:23 CREATED 
AMIIKTPWM 
T 0 
IMPORT 
UNIT 
05/02/2019 
UNIT 
AMBKTPWM 
l' 0 
ASSIGNMENT 15:26:25 
ASSIGNED 
Gnu assignment ruie VIVITASS-USPYM70-300 
FORMAT 05/02/2019 15:26:25 
UNIT 
CHECK 
ASSIGNED 
Format reflation error: 
Invalid buffer ',corium en-or al line 19: had character ( J 
TO 
QUEUE 05/02/2019 15:26:25 
REJECTED 
REJECT-Q 
T 0 
FOR 
FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED 
REJECT 
Kind Regards, 
Global Messaging Operations (GMO) 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Global Messaging Operations 
Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 16-24, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
Ops Messaging Hotline: 
Kindly post all your queries to common inbox and for any urgent escalations, please contact the below; 
First Level Escalation 
Rijosh KC: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076319 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222503 
EFTA01379026

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379027.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sunil Varghese: 
Anupam-A 
Second Level Escalation 
Abhishek S Mohan: 
Visit GMO at myDB GMO @ MyDB 
Information about SWIFT at swift intranet at 08 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076320 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222504 
EFTA01379027

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379028.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
2/23/2019 12:59:31 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20190223 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/22/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6,231,951.40 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
238,000.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,651,836.31 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
812,602.78 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
1,049,353.91 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
24,564,037.55 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
342,861.03 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
749,347.94 
PLAN D, LLC 
562,976.42 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
.00 
NES, LLC 
116,148.03 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
.00 
LSJE, LLC 
300,160.45 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
.00 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
456,839.55 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
294,102.15 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
497,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
501,030.22 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
2,855,681.90 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
207,419.85 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/22/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
2,449,426.08 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,636,225.34 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
3,405,449.38 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,545.58 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076321 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222505 
EFTA01379028

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379029.pdf
----------------------------------------
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,793.96 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
251,128.59 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,188,460.25 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
1,552,936.45 
CRw 2009 LLC 
D 
1,587,297.96 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
1,639,472.48 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
12,100,735.34 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
103,603.26 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
103,603.26 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
1,355,260.15 
CAmERON WANEK 
D 
207,791.39 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
153,838.26 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
153,838.26 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
153,838.26 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
255,623.39 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
103,603.26 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
105,082.86 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
255,623.39 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
153,838.26 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
408,072.24 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
255,623.39 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,222,872.37 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,758,172.13 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
351,539.95 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,007,030.56 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,360,927.62 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/22/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CRW 2007 LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KWF 2007 LLC 
KWF 2007 LLC 
KWF 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
c 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
20,000,000.00 
C 
5,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
5,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
5,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076322 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222506 
EFTA01379029

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379030.pdf
----------------------------------------
55W 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRw 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEw 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
02/22/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT. 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,340,299.14 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,340,299.14 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,340,299.14 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076323 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222507 
EFTA01379030

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379031.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,170,149.56 
MARA WAGNER 
C 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
C 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076324 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222508 
EFTA01379031

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379032.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076325 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222509 
EFTA01379032

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379033.pdf
----------------------------------------
Detiostroar Croats 
Car 167J19 
Depost5A0ter Crews 
BYISr2019 
Oar DK" 
EYISatrqf 
OII1M OCHS 
COA I &XIV 
REF B77: in. c uNDe 
Cash Mist TrxAstm C%O 
TRANSFER ERKEP 
FR
TRANSFER OF FUNDS CR 
TRANSFER FROM AC
TO CITIBANK NA AC:
MONEY TRANSFER 
HORGAN STANLEY 
SARN€Y LLC 
MONEY TRANSFER 
TO CITIBANK NC 
MORGAN STANLEY SMITH 
BARNEY LLC 
2.121.3113E 
8723 73 
2.121 MSS 
&MT) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076327 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222511 
EFTA01379033

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379034.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222512 
EFTA01379034

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379035.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
8/29/2016 11:33:46 AM 
To: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Daniel Sabba 
I; Darlene Zong 
CC: 
Joseph Dursi 
Subject: 
RE: Southern Financial -Saudi bond new issue. II) 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Seeing Rich tonight. Do we have any more color on this? Thanks 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:26 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield; Daniel Sabba; Darlene Zong 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial - Saudi bond new issue. [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
No problem. Going well • holding down the fort while Sabba is gallivanting around the world ;) 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:20 PM 
To: Vahe Stepanian; Daniel Sabba; Darlene Zong 
Subject: Re: Southern Financial - Saudi bond new issue. [I] 
Classification: For Internal Use Only 
That's great. Thanks. Hope all is well up there in kcp land. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
blackberry 
Email: 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Tuesday, August 16, 2016 02:09 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield; Daniel Sabba; Darlene Zong 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: Southern Financial - Saudi bond new issue. [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
FYI - Rich Kahn called today and mentioned that JE wanted to learn more about the upcoming Saudi Arabia bond 
offering. I relayed the below: 
VANE STEPANIAN 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076329 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222513 
EFTA01379035

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379036.pdf
----------------------------------------
11:16:19 Hi Dennis - recall on work on the Key Client Partners covering family offices. 
11:16:25'•' DENNIS EISELE (DEUTSCHE BANK SECURI) acknowledged the chat request 
VAHE STEPANIAN 
11:16:26 Question for you 
11:16:36 A client asked about the Saudi Bond offering 
11:17:01 Do you know who I can reach out to with regards to timing, etc.? 
DENNIS EISELE 
11:17:44 i am involved but issue is we can't share that information until it is public 
11:18:10 what i can say is expectations were for before august or after labor day 
VAHE STEPANIAN 
11:18:55 Ok. Will US clients have an opportunity to participate? 
11:19:06 or unclear as of now 
DENNIS EISELE 
11:19:51 yes US clients will have an opportunity to participate 
VAHE STEPANIAN 
11:20:34 Ok, thus we'll be able to share more information once the deal launches? 
DENNIS EISELE 
11:20:46 exactlly 
VAHE STEPANIAN 
11:20:56 Ok, thanks much 
Told him that we would reach out with additional information once its available. 
Some publicly available info here: htto://www.bloombere.cominews/articles/2016-07-14/goldman-sachs-deutsche-
bank-said-amone-saudi-bond-lead-managers-icimewawv 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076330 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222514 
EFTA01379036

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379037.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vahe 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, August 29, 2016 8:34 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian; Daniel Sabba; Darlene Zong 
Cc: Joseph Dursi 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial - Saudi bond new issue. [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Seeing Rich tonight. Do we have any more color on this? Thanks 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:26 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield; Daniel Sabba; Darlene Zong 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial - Saudi bond new issue. [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
No problem. Going well - holding down the fort while Sabba is gallivanting around the world ;) 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, August 16, 2016 2:20 PM 
To: Vahe Stepanian; Daniel Sabba; Darlene Zong 
Subject: Re: Southern Financial - Saudi bond new issue. [I] 
Classification: For Internal Use Only 
That's great. Thanks. Hope all is well up there in kcp land. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Tuesday, August 16, 2016 02:09 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield; Daniel Sabba; Darlene Zong 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: Southern Financial - Saudi bond new issue. [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
FYI — Rich Kahn called today and mentioned that JE wanted to learn more about the upcoming Saudi Arabia bond 
offering. I relayed the below: 
VAHE STEPANIAN 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076332 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222516 
EFTA01379037

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379038.pdf
----------------------------------------
11:16:19 Hi Dennis - recall on work on the Key Client Partners covering family offices. 
11:16:25'•' DENNIS EISELE (DEUTSCHE BANK SECURI) acknowledged the chat request 
VAHE STEPANIAN 
11:16:26 Question for you 
11:16:36 A client asked about the Saudi Bond offering 
11:17:01 Do you know who I can reach out to with regards to timing, etc.? 
DENNIS EISELE 
11:17:44 i am involved but issue is we can't share that information until it is public 
11:18:10 what i can say is expectations were for before august or after labor day 
VAHE STEPANIAN 
11:18:55 Ok. Will US clients have an opportunity to participate? 
11:19:06 or unclear as of now 
DENNIS EISELE 
11:19:51 yes US clients will have an opportunity to participate 
VAHE STEPANIAN 
11:20:34 Ok, thus we'll be able to share more information once the deal launches? 
DENNIS EISELE 
11:20:46 exactlly 
VAHE STEPANIAN 
11:20:56 Ok, thanks much 
Told him that we would reach out with additional information once its available. 
Some publicly available info here: htto://www.bloombere.cominews/articles/2016-07-14/goldman-sachs-deutsche-
bank-said-amone-saudi-bond-lead-managers-icimewawy 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076333 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222517 
EFTA01379038

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379039.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
Sent: 
S/24/2016 11:31:40 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
Subject: 
RE: indication on WTI risk reversals III 
No 
Original Message 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, May 24, 2016 08:29 AM Pacific Standard Time 
To: Daniel Sabba 
Subject: RE: indication on WTI risk reversals [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
No response to this? 
From: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: Friday, May 20, 2016 11:06 AM 
To: jeffrey E.; Richard Kahn; Darren Indyke I
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Gbenga 0mosuyi; Paul Morris; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: indication on WTI risk reversals 
Please note these are indications — these levels are not tradable. We need Credit Risk sign off, assessment of any 
potential credit charges and initial amounts before trading. Any credit charges would impact these indications. 
Notional: 1mm barrels of WTI 
WTI futures references: 
CLUE ref 49.55, option exp 17Aug16 
CLZ6 ref 50.00, option exp 16Nov16 
CLH7 ref 50.20, option exp 15Feb17 
Premium neutral risk reversals on WTI - Indications 
Southern financial buys calls and sells puts for zero net premium. 
These are listed look-alike structures to be executed through Southern Financial's ISDA. 
option exp 17Aug16 
Future reference: CLU6 
Call strike: 55 
Put strike: 45 
Call strike: 50 
Put strike: 49.75 
option exp 16Nov16 
Future reference: CLZ6 
Call strike: 55 
Put strike: 45.90 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076334 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222518 
EFTA01379039

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379040.pdf
----------------------------------------
Call strike: 50 
Put strike: 50.4 
option exp 15Feb17 
Future reference: CLH7 
Call strike: 55 
Put strike: 46.50 
Call strike: 50 
Put strike: 51 
Daniel Sabba 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076335 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222519 
EFTA01379040

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379041.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you for your focus on this and apologize for the short time frame 
Andrew 
Andrew Gallivan 
Acting Co-Head WM - Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Amencas 
Global Products & Solutions 
Pastio-wfo-Peeferon. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076337 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222521 
EFTA01379041

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379042.pdf
----------------------------------------
Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SONY-0076338 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM 00222522 
EFTA01379042

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379043.pdf
----------------------------------------
Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SONY-0076340 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM 00222524 
EFTA01379043

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379044.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076341 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222525 
EFTA01379044

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379045.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Stewart Oldfield [ 
11/20/2017 10:39 41 AM 
Liam Osullivan 
Joshua Shoshan 
Martin Zeman 
RE: Paul Barrett / Epstein w/o 11/13 [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Great, thanks guys 
From: Liam Osullivan 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 10:37 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Joshua Shoshan 
; Martin Zeman < 
Subject: Paul Barrett / Epstein w/o 11/13 ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
Kind regards, 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Liam O'Sullivan 
AVP I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Mana ement 
Emal 
; Davide-A Sferrazza 
>; Davide-A Sferrazza < 
Vahe Stepanian 
>; Vahe Stepanian 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies. characteristics and investment risks of and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its affiliates prior to 
execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters ctiscussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. My reproduction andlor redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DEt•SI or any 
of its affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SOW-0076343 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222527 
EFTA01379045

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379046.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent 
12/12/2017 2:27:29 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Daily Deposit Report 20171212 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/11/17 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,243,713.95 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
NOEL VOLPE & 
M 
249,770.37 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
121,783.91 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
264,866.30 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
448,934.08 
NES, LLC 
D 
173,561.67 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
D 
218,155.25 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
355,511.00 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
305,940.61 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
315,993.51 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
198,182.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
4,000,912.90 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
2,364,636.54 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
49,155,364.74 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
9,064,097.56 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
9,083,819.20 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
4,281,841.41 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
3,595,892.59 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
288,429.15 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
253,327.54 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
251,269.92 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
251,279.21 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
M-SDNY-0076344 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222528 
EFTA01379046

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379047.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Sent: 
2/21/2017 3:02:13 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn I 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: 
Perfect. Thank you both! 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
From: Richard 
Richard Kahn [mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, February 21, 2017 3:02 PM 
To: Cynthia Rodriguez 
Cc: Stewart OldfleId; Jeanne Brennan 
Subject: 
; Jeanne Brennan 
attached are completed forms 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: February 21 2017 at 2:57:14 PM EST 
To: 
ail.com 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076345 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222529 
EFTA01379047

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379048.pdf
----------------------------------------
CS 3051ci 
[00:17:c8:25S3:53] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076346 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222530 
EFTA01379048

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379049.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT # 
From: 
Sept: 
To: 
Subject: 
3/16/2017 2:06:00 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20170316 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/15/17 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,408,838.89 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
19,999,900.00-
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
124,082.36 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
101,625.36 
JEGE, INC 
D 
963,885.55 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
347,920.29 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
488,282.03 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
335,458.10 
NES, LLC 
D 
389,319.00 
ZORRO DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
D 
.00 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
253,609.19 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
798,482.14 
55w 2007 LLC 
D 
3,999,900.00-
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
9,999,900.00-
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
4,999,900.00-
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
9,999,900.00-
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC (HOUSE ACCOUNT) D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
2,110,339.13 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
1,038,433.90 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
35,999,000.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
13,000,000.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
19,999,900.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
D 
3,999,900.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
9,999,900.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
4,999,900.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
9,999,900.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/15/17 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
20,000,000.00 TRANSFER TO CD 
55W 2007 LLC 
4,000,000.00 TRANSFER TO CD 
KWF 2007 LLC 
10,000,000.00 TRANSFER TO CD 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 TRANSFER TO CD 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 TRANSFER TO CD 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 TRANSFER TO CD 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 TRANSFER TO CD 
GEW 2007 LLC 
2,000,000.00 TRANSFER TO CD 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 TRANSFER TO CD 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 NEW CD 
GEW 2007 LLC 
2,000,000.00 NEW CD 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 NEW CD 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 NEW CD 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 NEW CD 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 NEW CD 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 NEW CD 
KWF 2007 LLC 
10,000,000.00 NEW CD 
SSw 2007 LLC 
4,000,000.00 NEW CD 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076347 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222531 
EFTA01379049

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379050.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield [stewart.oldfield@db.comj 
Sent: 
4/3/2017 10:42:37 AM 
To: 
Brendan Heinz 
CC: 
Cynthia Rodriguez
Subject: 
RE: Client Inflow DI 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Not sure there's anything specific to report on this. The client who owns the entity has many accounts with us and has 
been moving cash around recently. Thanks 
From: Brendan Heinz 
Sent: Monday, April 03, 2017 10:31 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Client Inflow [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Stewart, 
I work with Charlie and Artie in deposits. I keep track of any large inflows or outflows on a daily basis. There was a 
$22.5mm inflow into Plan D, LLC (42953467). Could you provide a line or two of commentary for this? I haven't seen 
much activity in this account in the past. 
Kind regards, 
Brendan Heinz 
z 
Brendan Heinz 
AVP - Deposit Products 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0O04 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.2
Email
Possienctu Perfron 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076348 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222532 
EFTA01379050

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379051.pdf
----------------------------------------
Long story short — the tender was set at $63.54 per share for holders of Mobileye, N.V. (details are 
attached). The offer is subject to Israeli withholding tax of 25% unless holders provide an affidavit that 
they are exempt. Holders who are EXEMPT from Israeli tax must declare so by fully completing the 
attached Israeli Tax Declaration form to avoid the withholding. 
If you believe that Southern Financial is exempt — please complete and send us the Tax Declaration 
Form. The deadline to instruct and submit paperwork will be on or around 6/16/17. 
A few key points: 
1. 
Part I, section 7 (Contact Details): This is normally the beneficially owner. 
2. 
Part I, section 8. Select "through a Broker", and write in Pershing, LLC 
3. 
Part II, Be sure this is fully completed in the proper category (individual, corporation, 
partnership, or trust.) 
4. 
Part III: DO NOT COMPLETE—unless you are an Israeli Bank, Broker of Financial Institution. 
5. 
Part IV: Beneficial owner must sign. Unclear whether Power or Attorney or Authorized Individual 
will be recognized 
6. 
Part IV: Don't forget to enter number of shares! 
I will be traveling over the next two weeks, so please make sure to CC this group in case you have any 
questions. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. + 
Mobi 
Email 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the 
meaning of the FINRA Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, characteristics and investment risks of. 
and exercising independent judgment in evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject 
to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its affiliates prior to execution. and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed 
herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. 
Key Client Partners (KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for 
discussion purposes only. and strictly on a non•advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. 
The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is being presented for your information and for discussion 
purposes only. Any reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of its content withotA ow written 
consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DBSI or any of its 
affiliates. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076351 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222535 
EFTA01379051

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379052.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
<Israeli_Tax_Declaration_Form.pdf><Offer To Purchase.pdf> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076352 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222536 
EFTA01379052

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379053.pdf
----------------------------------------
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
On Jun 22, 2017, at 8:57 AM, Vahe Stepanian -
1/;(11sn> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Rich - per my voicemail, Southern Financial was allocated 500 ATUS @ 
$30.00. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional 
investors within the meaning of the FINRA Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, 
characteristics and investment risks of, and exercising independent judgment in evaluating, the ideas and 
products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its 
affiliates prior to execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your 
becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. 
Key Client Partners (KCP) products. investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are 
provided for discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non•advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not 
provide investment advice. 
The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is being presented for your information 
and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or 
disclosure of its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create 
any legally binding obligation on the part of DBSI or any of its affiliates. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076354 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222538 
EFTA01379053

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379054.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to http§.//db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076355 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222539 
EFTA01379054

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379055.pdf
----------------------------------------
1125 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6100 HES FOOK QUARTS 
ST. THOMAS. MS OO8O2-1348 
PATIO THE 
c ash 
ORDER OF 
DBTCA Americas 
DE
7TSCHE
O 
S0N 23 2011 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 10151 
1-103/2I0 
'Teller TT 
Seven Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100**** 
Cash 
MEMO 
P 
•
O
.
rn 
Check Information 
Hi • gh dollar pull 
Exce tion T 
Account # 
Routing # 
Sequence # 
150099630
: 
r 
TOM. 
Account Information 
Account Name 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Branch Number 
6/16/2017 
$ 
"7,500.00 
••••••••••••••0•0•0****0.0••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
_ _ 
Kral Rater' 
AUDIT: 
Account Message 
Signature Required 
Internal Comments 
15278-5279-000 
110
E-
0040 
$ 
7500.00 
is: 
o- or
ay
Previous Decision 
Previous Reason 
Amount 
Check # 
Refer 
Signature Irregular 
7,500.00
1125 
Account Number 
Officer Code 
I 
I 
11OunnS I 
fa 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076357 
SDNY_GM_00222541 
EFTA01379055

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379056.pdf
----------------------------------------
prices of puts and calls? 
On Thu, Nov 13, 2014 at 2:38 PM, Daniel Sabba 
Classification: Confidential 
Classification: Strictly Confidential 
Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
I met with the head of FX trading of our investment bank to discuss the EUR hedging question you 
posed. To build a multi-billion short, a solution would be to implement a combination of spot, forward 
and options transactions over the course of several trading days/weeks. We propose discussing an 
execution plan in case you would like to pursue that route. We wanted to share with you the following 
parameters, which are indications for a EUR 1 bn short delta executed live in a typical trading day. 
Indication Considerations: 
- Spot ref 1.2450/1.2451 - a live execution of EUR 1 bn spot could indicatively be done 20pips below 
screen bid at 1.2430 
- 5y EURUSD forward mid 1.3530 
- The indications below are for execution of one leg only, not all of them as a package 
- You mentioned this was a consideration for a client of yours - these indications assume standard 
ISDA/CSA terms 
- The levels below would be improved if instead of transacting EUR 1 bn delta, you did a smaller size. 
I have also included the levels for EUR 25mm delta 
Indicative Transaction Terms (for EUR 1bn delta): 
A. 5y EURUSD premium neutral risk reversal (long EURUSD put struck at 1.2450 / short EURUSD 
call struck at 1.4450). EUR 1.5bn notional per leg would lead to a net delta of EUR 1.05bn 
B. Short EURUSD 1bn 5y forward. Forward points: 1034/1120 
C. 1y EUR puts struck at 1.2450 (spot) offered at 3.10% - EUR 2.3bn notional would lead to a delta of 
EUR 967mm 
Indicative Transaction Terms (for smaller size - EUR 25mm delta): 
A. 5y EURUSD premium neutral risk reversal (long EURUSD put struck at 1.2450 / short EURUSD 
call struck at 1.4600) 
B. Short EURUSD 1bn 5y forward. Forward points: 1040/1125 
C. 1y EUR puts struck at 1.2450 (spot) offered at 2.90% 
As you can see the pricing for smaller size is much better. Please advise on how you would like to 
proceed. 
Best regards, 
Daniel 
Daniel Sabba 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076359 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222543 
EFTA01379056

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379057.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation(agmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076360 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222544 
EFTA01379057

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379058.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076361 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222545 
EFTA01379058

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379059.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
7/11/2017 12:56:45 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
RE: trading meeting 
Will check. How much earlier on the 25th? 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Tuesday, July 11, 2017 11:57 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
can we do same time on the 24th or earlier on the 25th? 
please advise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Jul 10, 2017, at 4:03 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
That works. Can confirm details later next week. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Friday, July 07, 2017 6:20 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
mailto 
Tuesday 25th I I am works. 
Thanks 
Richard Kahn 
I-IBRK Associates Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076362 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222646 
EFTA01379059

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379060.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Jul 7, 2017, at 12:04 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Rich, 
Looks like we're generally open the week of the 24th to meet with you and your new 
trader. Let me know whether you have any time/date constraints and I will set it up. 
Thanks 
<image001 png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mo 
Em 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076363 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222547 
EFTA01379060

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379061.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076364 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222548 
EFTA01379061

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379062.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To:
CC 
7/26/2017 8:34:38 AM 
Subject: 
EMS/260717190140: Check Referral - Acct - 42953424-1086M 
Attachments: 1086.pdf 
Classification : For internal use only 
Hi All, 
Please respond with a pay/no pay decision for the mentioned in the attachment -Payee altered and Signature not 
on file. 
If any of the transactions are deemed fraudulent, you must immediately notify your business manager and report 
the fraud to PBFraudReporting. Please follow the steps detailed in the fraud procedures. 
https://dbpol i cyportal ntranet.db. com/gpag/pdU0901e5be8047bb 1 
lename_i s_nul I .pdf 
Please note that we must have a reply by 3:15 p.m (EST) today in order to meet the Federal Reserve Check 
Clearing returns guidelines. 
Regards, 
Signature Verification 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076365 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222549 
EFTA01379062

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379063.pdf
----------------------------------------
1086 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
6100 RED HOCK OVAR1 ER. 83 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802.1348 
DEUTSCHE SANK TRUST 
COMPANY AMERICAS 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 10134 
1.103.210 
7/20/2017 
PAY TO THE 
Ch. Painting INC 
$ "15,000.03 
ORDER OF 
Fifteen Thousand and 00/100 
 %WM 
atI
@ Painting Inc 
n: Cristian Gaitan 
\ 
13882 72nd Court N. 
West Palm Beach, FL 33412 
MEMO 
50% deposit July 13 2017 invoice 358 El Brillo Way 
***Signature not on file*** 
Check Information 
Exception Type 
Hi . h dollar pull 
Previous Decision 
Refer 
Account # 
I 
Previous Reason 
Signature not on file 
Routing # 
I 
Amount 
16,000.00 
Sequence # 
I 
Check # 
1086 
Xa 
(' 
Account Information 
Account Name 
Neptune, LLC 
Account Number 
Branch Number 
Officer Code
Account Message 
Signature Required 
Internal Comments 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076366 
SDNY_GM_00222550 
EFTA01379063

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379064.pdf
----------------------------------------
Del.;!sche Bank 
Wealth Managernent 
Business Deposit Account Opening Applicator: 
The 2017 Caterpillar Trust_ 
01O/3/2017 
Account Thin 
Omaoline-come,r. 
The 2017 Caterpillar Trust 
entRYCOMpanv Name 
Taxpaye.e ID Number (TIM 
6100. Red Hook Quarter 83, 
St Thomas 
00602 
Madang &lea* 
City 
Stat. 
Zap 
. . . 
_ 
fkivocits Telephone Ntapbti 
Oaten Fa‘ Number 
Oth•tt itpobre 
legal Adfirgastul diPerent front trzwing arldress: 
CAy 
Stat.> 
Z.p 
Client Relationship 
Corporation 
Limited Liability Company ILLC) 
Attorney Escrow Account 
Foundation 
Partnership 
Landlord Master Escrow 
Non-Profit Organization 
Limited Liability Pannership (LLP) 
I 
Trust 
Estates 
Private Wealth PremiumTM 
DBTCA Accounts 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch Accounts 
Checking ACcOunt 
V Deutsche Bank AG NY Preferred Banking Account 
Checking with Interest 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Preferred Certificate or Deposit 
Money Market Deposit 
Them
APY 
Puban tam 
DBTCA Certificate of Deposit 
JOBTCA ors:ma InCeRmi maws:4. °teary 
h 4 :..78 AG Prriecred Terms 
and Csincli00112) 
APY 
'ken, 
Cash Master Sweep Account 
. 
. . 
Ttvgbt Amount 
Trigger Amount 
Banking Services 
Deluxe Checkbook 
Name Only 
Name and Address 
Style 
Coen 
Color 
Internet Banking Services 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus 
Link to existing online relationship: 
Debit Cards —Business Debit Card 
Duplicate Statement 
IVamit 
Matins 
City 
Stale 
Zap (:ole 
alaleresS 
047.01 r 
Thal& a( 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076369 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222553 
EFTA01379064

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379065.pdf
----------------------------------------
Notice of Customer Identification Policy 
Important Information 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Fedeial law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who establishes an account. investment 
or other business relationship with a financial institution. This means that we will ask lot your name. address and other 
information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see identifying documents such as a certificate of 
formation or good standing (legal entities) or a passport or other photo identification (individuals). 
Information Shoring 
You authorize Deutsche Bank to share information about you and your Account as set forth in our Privacy Policy, including 
any disclosures that (1) Deutsche Bank believes are required by applicable law and regulations that apply to Deutsche Bank 
or others. including disclosure of information about you and your Account to any government agency or self-regulatory 
body on request. (2) is necessary or appropriate in connection with Deutsche Bank's provision of services under this 
Agreement, or (3) is requested by a financial institution, financial intermediary. or other thi✓d party in order to assist such. 
person with compliance with law applicable to such person in connection with services provided to you or on your behalf. 
3rd ELI Notice 
Governmental rules have also broadened the scope of the Bank's obligations to aid in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing: these rules call lot an active involvement of both asset management films and their clients. For 
new and existing clients we currently have a legal obligation to ask our customers questions regarding their identities, 
addresses, source ol funds and. it necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories. beneficial owners or contortl 
structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti-money laundering 
requirements require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change. our diem would be obliged 
to immediately notify us of the changelsl and provide us with relevant documentation to verify these changes. 
ATM/Debit Service 
You agree that the retention o• use of the ATM/Debit card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions of the 
Cardholder Agreement contained in the Terms and Conditions of Deposit Accounts. 
Internet Banking Service 
If you have selected to receive Internet Banking Services, yOu understand that you will be required to enter into a separate 
Internet Banking Services Agreement with OBTCA before you can access the Internet Banking Service. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt of Privacy Notice 
By signing below, you acknowledge receipt of DBTCA's Privacy Notice included in the Application Package. 
Non-U.S. Organizations: 
Confirmation of Tax and Compliance Responsibilities 
You confirm that it is your responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable to 
it in any relevant jurisdictions that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in your accounts) and your 
business relationship with DBTCA. Furthermore, you confirm that the necessary information Ito the best of your knowledge 
and capabilities) Is made available no less than annually to the relevant beneficial owner(s). settloils). boneficiaryoes). 
partnerlsi, etc., to enable him/her/them to fulfill any respective tax obligations that may rinse for him/het/them in connection 
with your business relationship with OBTCA. 
Please complete and attach separate W-8 or W-9 documentation as applicable. 
Terms and Conditions and Representations 
By signing below, you acknowledge receipt of the Terms and Conditions for Deposit Accounts attached to this Application 
and agree to be bound by them. In addition, you agree to notify us immediately ol any material change to the information 
provided by you on this Application. 
You represent and warrant that all of the information provided by you on this Application is accurate:. 
The Terms and Conditions for Deposit Accounts are subject to change. 
SSM,S‘StS V1S624 
Paige t o+3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076370 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222554 
EFTA01379065

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379066.pdf
----------------------------------------
Acceptance 
You understand that this application is subject to acceptance by OBTCA. 
Authamod &one,
6: 1
Name 
Dolt& 
For Bank Use Only 
Reviewed by: 
Svsuouce 
Narna 
TqM 
Dam 
Accepted by DBTCA: 
Sipanare 
Hon; 
0010 
Account numbers: 
Amin...zed &we: 
Print Name 
NOW 
MRIZA 
CD/OBAG 
74.41I7N% 016524.0-92e!7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076371 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222555 
EFTA01379066

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379067.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fenn vii""9 
Mee. DeWitt" 2014) 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
[Bores ..- it ce theTosser, 
Interne Rekruo Seance 
Print or type 
See Specific Instructions on page 2. 
Name (as shown on your income tax return). Name is rewired on the fine: do not leave aus line blank.
The 2017 Caterpillar Trust 
Business name/dIvegarded entity name, if different from above 
CMd appropriate 
Ci Indrviduakscee 
saga-member 
Limited tisbity 
Note. Fora Single
the tax classiecation 
Other Noe InsirucConsi 
box for federal tea classeicationi check only one of me blowing seven bozos: 
prooriela or 
C Corr-ration 
S Corporation 0 
Partnership 
Trusteuate 
LLC 
company. Enter the lax canseicatien (CmC corporation. 9.5 oorpotatIon, Papartriershipt• 
Exemptions 
r
atlijo
" Z ict 
Exempt payee 
Exemption 
cute et WW) 
sewn a riirou-i 
(codas apps/ only to 
orwtor r
ums; in
coda gf any) 
from FATCA reporting 
-member LLC that is disregarded. do not check LLC: check the epompriate box in the line above !or 
of me single-member owner- 
l' 
...wee easonmuSu 
Addinase (number. street, and apt- or suite no.) 
Theaues!res name and 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 83, 
addreW Rrationg: 
cay. state. and 2a, code 
St Thomas 0 .08002 
List account riaaitalt(S) lien (0CPcnag 
Pad I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on Gne 1 to avoid 
backup withholding. For individualS, this is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
resident allen, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity. see the Part I instructions on page 3. For other 
entities, it is your employer idemification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
TIN on page 3. 
Note. II the account is in more than one name, see the instructions for line 1 and the chart on page 4 for 
guidelines on whOSO number to enter. 
Social security number 
or 
I Employer Identification number 
Part II 
Certification 
Under penalties of pequiy. I certify that 
1. The number shown on Otis teem is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me): and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding. or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (RS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report ail imerest or dividends, Or (C) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding: and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below): and 
4. The FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct. 
Certification Instructions. You must cross out item 2 above h you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and I:Fmk:lands on your tax return. For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage 
interest paid. acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA). and 
generally. payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the 
instructions on page a 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
U.S. person • 
General Instructions 
Section references are to tno internal Revenue Code unless OtreninSe noted. 
Future developments. Information attOdt developments affectiro Fenn W.9 
as legislation enacted alter we release it) is at www.iragovinv9. 
Purpose of Form 
An inovidual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who is required to Se en information 
rats" Min the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (T4.4) 
which may be your social Sec-wily menber (SSN). indtvklual taxpayer identification 
number (TIN). adoption taxpayer hetet:catkin number (ATtN), or employer 
identification number (Elm). to repo: en an Information return Me amount pad to 
you. or other amount reportable on on information MUD EMMA% of taitranerien 
returns include, but are not baited to. the fotiorring: 
• Form 10994NT (Interest earned or pale 
• Form -MOS-DIV (dividends. ncluding those from stocks or mutual Ands) 
• Form 1099-MISC (various types ot ?come. prizes, awards. or gross proceeds) 
• Form 1099.8 (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other tame:bons by 
brokers) 
• Form 1099-S (proceeds awn real estate Minsactiass) 
• Form 10994( (rnerchant card and :him party network transacttons) 
• Form 1098 agree mortgage intern*. 10984 (Student Man 
(mann) 
• perm 1099-C lamed debt) 
h 
• Form teSS-R (aolasition or abandonment of secured property) 
Use Form W-9 only if you aro a U.S. Orson unctions' a resident alien). to 
provide your MAIM TIN. 
If you donor 'alum Form W.9 to ire requester Mtn • TIN, you rnighc be sublet? 
to bade°. riatTheiceng. Soo Waal is boohoo wilMokling? on page 2. 
By signing toe faledeut form. you: 
teensy mat etc TIN you are giving d ccerect (or you are waiting fora number 
to be owed). 
2. Cern/ that ',ou are no: subtect to backup withecaling. 
alert exemption from backup withholding If you are a U.S. attempt payee. ir 
Widliewele you are also certifying that as a US. person. your alocable ware at
WY partnership InCOme (?ben a U.S. trade or business is not subject to the 
withholdro tax on %reign partners' Share of electively Connected Income, and 
4. Cattily that FATCA code(s) entered on bid form (it any) indicating that you are 
exempt from Ine FATCA reputing, Is correct. Sea Minis FATCA reporting? on 
page 2 for further information 
tterest). 1096.7 
Cat No 1023IX 
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2010 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076372 
SDNY GM_00222556 
EFTA01379067

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379068.pdf
----------------------------------------
zz 
m m 
5 
mm 
zz 
5> 5. 
C 
C 
z
H 
O 
m 
CD 
D.ItlifsthR Bank 
Matintylilent 
Signature Card 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
The 2017 Caterpillar Trust 
Account Holder TAW 
Account Plumber 
Individual 
; IMPOD/ATI" 
Corporate 
. Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required:I
Joint. with Rights 
Joint. Tenants 
Partnership 
1. Other: trust 
of Suivivorship 
in Common 
Daphne Wallace
luit
Print Name 
T 
Lesley Groff 
St totem 
Pied Harm 
Sinoture 
Print Name 
Nett Name 
Signature 
Anpewtd 
Date 
Power of Alleenny 
Specimen Signatute 
Dam of Power of Anon my 
For IF/POD/ATP WO Sums t I W Torn. and Catdngnn 
Will I 78934 006478 062R1 7 
EFTA01379068

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379069.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sarah Rafferty 
Director I Marketing - Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
I kutc‘ho 13suac Trust Cecupany An-zo act: 
iddro.•: 345 Park Avant, 24th Wow ':cu Yrk. NY 10154 
Id: 
Moba 
Fax. 
deutschenealth.com
#Positivelnipact 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, April 17, 2018 12:54 PM 
To: Sarah Rafferty < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Frieze NY - registration status (I] 
Barry Bloom, undecided 
Tony Persico - decline 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, April 17, 2018 10:37 AM 
To: Sarah Rafferty < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Frieze NY - registration status [I] 
David Homrich — decline 
Renee Noto — decline (conflict with Milken Conf) 
Andrew Weinberg — decline (conflict with Milken Conf) 
Roger Bulloch - Andrew Weinberg — decline (conflict with Milken Conf) 
Heather Crosby — decline, conflict 
Dzialga 
decline 
Barry Cohen — decline 
George Lindemann — he declined dinner but is trying to make it to the fair 
Tony Persico — I think you put Todd Kristol (and his wife's) RSVP under Tony's name. Not sure yet whether Tony will be 
coming as well. 
Lauren Pressman — decline 
Chuck Chai — decline 
Tom Danziger — will probably join, but needs to confirm schedule 
Mike Barry — decline 
Brad Briner - decline 
From: Sarah Rafferty 
Sent: Friday, April 06, 2018 3:28 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076375 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222559 
EFTA01379069

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379070.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Frieze NY - registration status [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
HI Stewart, see below. Please continue to follow-up with all outstanding and if they plan to attend, ask them to register. If 
they dec ine, please let me know so I can update my file. Thank you. 
TICECI 
i> pi: 
ruf 
I ict:c r: 
ri:(iiiiii.,..1 
i ii: I . 
inn! 11,311“: 
€+% E:::: 
I:ISI II:011C 
-HA I :i: 
;:oniu,nn 
!hick,
ill: Its::: 
pi) MI, 
D€i igniana n . 
COIllael 
Guest 
name 
RSVP 
Day 
wed. 
Pre ices 
Frohman 
Anderson 
Everwatch 
CEO 
Stew an 
Oldficld 
MIN 
Nitrate 
View 
I 
John 
Ballo 
Spruce. 
Capital 
CFO 
Stewan 
Oldfield 
Wed. 
Preview 
I 
I aura 
Hari I Imo 
Jockey Club 
"Ircasurcr 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Thurs. 
Private 
View 
Mike 
Barry 
Georgetown CIO 
Stew an 
Oldfield 
Wed 
PICA 10% 
Leon 
Black 
Apollo 
CEO 
Stew an 
Oldfield 
Wed. 
Pre iCIV 
Barry 
Bloom 
TFMG 
Principal 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Wed 
Preview 
Michael 
Bloomberg 
Bloomberg 
LP 
CEO 
Stevan 
Oldfield 
Wed. 
Preview 
Jonathan 
Botwinick 
Gerschel 
Counsel 
Stewart 
Oldficld 
Thurs. 
Private 
View 
I
Statile% 
Eloidd 
Highlander 
Partners 
VP 
Investments 
Stewart 
Oldilcld 
Wed 
Prev ilnk 
Brad 
Briner 
Willett 
CIO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Thurs. 
Private 
View 
Charles 
Britton 
Echelon 
Investments 
CEO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Thum 
Private 
View 
I 
Greg 
Biun‘on 
Salanad 
N ID 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Wed 
Preview 
Roger 
Bulloch 
Brightstar 
Partner 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Wed. 
Preview 
Jim 
Burritt 
Pacific Life 
Head 
Private 
Investments 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Thurs. 
Private 
View 
1 
Dance 
Camp' 
Bivlit 
Companies 
CIO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Thurs 
Private 
View 
Amber 
Caska 
Portfolia 
Partner 
Stew an 
Oldfield 
Thurs. 
Fri% ate 
View 
Chuck 
Chai 
Hillspire 
CIO 
Stewart 
Oldfickl 
Wed. 
Pre ICU 
Barry 
Cohen 
Elysium 
President 
Stevan 
Oldficld 
Wed. 
Heather 
Crush\ 
Manic\ 's 
President 
Stcwan. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076376 
SDNY_GM_00222560 
EFTA01379070

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379071.pdf
----------------------------------------
Prev iew 
Lane 
Oldfield 
Urcd. 
Pre ECU 
Tom 
Danziger 
Danziger, 
Danziger & 
Muro 
JO 
Stevan 
Oldlield 
Thurs 
Private 
View 
Kirsten 
Dzialga 
Dzialga 
Investments 
Principal 
Stepan 
Oldficld 
Dinner 
+ 
Preview 
Andrew 
Feldstein 
Blue 
Mountain 
CEO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Thum 
Private 
View 
I 
Mau 
Ferguson 
I 'lig Falun% 
CIO 
Stew an 
Oldtleld 
Wed 
Preview 
Robert 
Forsythe 
Thirdlake 
VP 
Investments 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Thurs. 
Private 
View 
I 
Tim 
Fives' 
Sakinad 
MI) 
Stew an 
Old field 
Wed 
Preview 
Edouard 
Gerschel 
Gerschel 
Principal 
Stewart 
Oldlield 
Wed. 
Preview 
Stan 
Gold 
Shamrock 
Chairman 
Stewart 
()Wield 
Wed. 
Preview 
I 
David 
lonirich 
ANIB Faitiil. 
Office 
(1O 
Stew an 
Olcitield 
Wed 
Preview 
Ken 
Jones 
Thirdlake 
CEO 
Stewart 
Oldficld 
Timis. 
Pri% ate 
View 
Jeff 
Kirwood 
Aspen 
Grove 
President 
Stewart 
Oldfielcl 
Wed 
Preview 
Tony 
Persico 
Marron 
Investments 
CIO 
Stewart 
°laid(' 
Sharon 
Kriston 
Accept 
Wednesday 
Timis. 
Private 
View 
I 
Jonathan 
F kg
ett 
it. Squared 
Partner 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Wed 
Preview.
Adam 
Lindemann 
Lindemann 
Capital 
Principal 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Dinner 
+ 
Preview 
George 
Lindemann 
BC Property 
Principal 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Decline 
Wed 
Preview 
Max 
Loughman 
Disney 
Family 
pvt client 
Stovall 
Oldfield 
Thurs. 
Pri% ate 
View 
Gene 
Lynch 
General 
Atlantic 
Partner 
Stewart 
()Wield 
Wed 
Pltl icw 
Don 
Marron 
Marron 
Investments 
Principal 
Si cwan 
Oldfield 
Wed. 
Pre iCNV 
Greg 
Martin 
Shamrock 
CEO 
Stewart 
Oldileld 
Wed. 
Prc lee 
I 
Kell' 
Mastida 
Caruso 
Affiliated 
CFO 
Stew art 
Oldlield 
Wed. 
Pre% len-
Todd 
Meister 
Meister 
Global 
Principal 
Siewan 
Oldlield 
Wed. 
Pre' ICI% 
Katherine 
Montrone 
Liberty Lane 
Partner 
Stew an 
Oldfield 
Wed 
Pit' ie11, 
Renee 
Noto 
Brightstar 
Partner 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Wed 
I 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Dentsclk: 
Stewart 
N/A 
Accept 
Wednesday 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076377 
SDNY_GM_00222561 
EFTA01379071

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379072.pdf
----------------------------------------
Preview 
Bank 
Oldfield 
Wed 
Preview 
Tony 
Persico 
Marron 
Investments 
CIO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Thurs. 
Private 
View 
Lauren 
Pressman 
Hillspire 
Head, Real 
Estate 
Stewart 
Oldficld 
Wed. 
Pre? ION 
Ali 
Rashid 
pvt client 
Stew an 
O1(IticId 
TBA 
Accept 
Wednesday 
Wed. 
Preview 
Rudy 
Sahay 
Madison 
CEO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Parisa 
Sahay 
Accept 
Wednesday 
Thurs. 
Private 
View 
Ian 
Slome 
Slome 
Investments Principal 
Stewart 
OlchieId 
Wed. 
Preview 
I 
Jonathan 
Sobel 
}Whop 
Holdings 
CIO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Thurs. 
Private 
View 
I 
Jason 
Stiles 
Dona= 
Family 
Enterprises 
CFO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Wed. 
Preview 
Rahul 
Vaid 
Crestline 
Partner 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Wed. 
Preview 
Steve 
Warner 
TFMG 
Principal 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Dinner 
+ 
Preview 
Glen 
Warren 
Anterro 
Resources 
President 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Decline 
Wed. 
Preview 
Paul 
Watson 
Thirdlake 
CIO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Wed. 
Preview 
Brad 
Wechsler 
Elysium 
CEO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Patricia 
Newburger Accept 
Wednesday 
Wed. 
Preview 
Andrew 
Weinberg 
Brightstar 
Founding 
Partner 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Wed. 
Preview 
Matt 
Womble 
Everwatch 
CIO 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Day 
Passes 
Rowan! 
I .e% ine 
Hunter 
school 
auction 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
TBA 
Accept 
Sunday 
Wed. 
Preview 
Paul 
Barrett 
Alpkt Group 
Capital 
CEO 
Stewart 
OldfieldiManin 
Zeman 
Randi 
Barrett 
Accept 
Wednesday 
Regards, 
Sarah 
Sarah Rafferty 
Director I Marketing - Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
1..lcutikhc Ist " 
adda-.is 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076378 
SDNY_GM_00222562 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379072

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379073.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tel:a 
Fax-. 
Mobile: 
(lcolschewealih.coni
#PositiveImpact 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076379 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222563 
EFTA01379073

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379074.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
5/30/20181:41:00 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20180530 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/29/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,143,926.88 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
137,301.23 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
330,859.81 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
144,303.89 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
371,271.46 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
154,203.74 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
396,015.00 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
187,154.50 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
493,107.33 
JEGE, LLC 
346,590.13 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
200,358.09 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
237,822.02 
NES, LLC 
122,777.62 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
D 
137,155.02 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
595,465.38 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
151,061.54 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
483,850.98 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
191,671.03 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
398,182.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
223,070.28 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
4,026,157.10 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
733,265.10 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
323,031.10 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
267,813.03 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
49,397,167.47 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
2,029,601.20 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
102,495.32 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
288,031.50 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
254,123.25 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,333,937.22 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
252,599.99 
T000 R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,741,301.13 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
1,478,188.58 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/29/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
RW 2009 LLC 
252,562.96 
EW 2009 LLC 
D 
252,572.30 
ATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,128,340.54 
HE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,471,909.85 
EL VOLPE AND MANDY JANE VOLPE )TWR D 
205,376.27 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076380 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222564 
EFTA01379074

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379075.pdf
----------------------------------------
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
149,900.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
149,900.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
149,900.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
149,900.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076381 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222565 
EFTA01379075

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379076.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Naveen Bagaria 
Sent: 
8/3/2018 9:45:27 AM 
; Bradley Gillin I 
i 
CC: 
Oversight 
; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny
To: 
Stewart Oldfield ( 
Subject: 
OD REFERRALS (08/02/2018) A/c # 
Attachments: 1.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Team, 
(I) 
Please find the attached OD Referral for today and approve these with your decision hand-written on the OD referral 
form with two signatures (mandatory). 
Please provide the below information on the form - 
• 
Ok to pay / Not Ok to pay, 
• 
Reason on how and when the OD will be covered. 
Thank you. 
Regards, 
Naveen Bagaria 
COO - Wealth Management Operations US 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Email 
Please send all Banking related queries to our new Group E-mail ID - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076382 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222566 
EFTA01379076

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379077.pdf
----------------------------------------
Maga 
267 0000000 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST CO. AMERICAS 
NEW YORK, NY 10154 
OD AND IF NOTICES 
R-3100 SET-009 08-02-18 PAGE: 0001 
OVERDRAFT 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST CO. AMERICAS 
OVERDRAFT 
INSUFFICIENT FUNDS 
INSUFFICIENT FUNDS 
NOTICE 
NEW YORK, NY 10154 
NOTICE 
FOR PERSONAL ASSISTANCE CALL: 
PAGE 
FOR PERSONAL ASSISTANCE CALL: 
PAGE 
BANKING TEAM 
BANKING TEAM 
NOW 
NOW 
AND 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
AND 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
KARYNA SHULIAK 
KARYNA SIIULIAK 
tl-
FEE 
ELITE CHECKING WITH INTEREST 
OUR RECORDS INDICATE YOUR ACCOUNT SHOWS AN OVERDRAFT 
OF $717.01 AS OF 08-02-18. 
PLEASE MAKE A DEPOSIT TO COVER THIS AMOUNT. 
THE FEE SWATH ABOVE HAS BEEN DEDUCTED FROM YOUR ACCOUNT 
FOR PAYMENT OF THIS OVERDRAFT. 
WAIVE FEE 
YES 
(VP SIGNATURE FOR WAIVING( 
FEE: 
ELITE CHECKING WITH INTEREST 
THE ITEMS LISTED WERE PRESENTED FOR PAYMENT AGAINST YOUR 
ACCOUNT ON 08-02-18 CREATING AN OVERDRAFT OF 
$717.01. THEREFORE WE HAVE RETURNED UNPAID THE 
ITEM(S) CIRCLED IN RED. 
THE FEE SHOWN ABOVE HAS BEEN DEDUCTED FROM YOUR ACCOUNT 
FOR HANDLING THE ITEM(S) RETURNED. 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
PREAUTHORIZED DEBIT 
1,462.54 
NO 
WEB PMTS 
Ossa Properties 
AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE 
AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE 
GROUP CREDIT OFFICER 
For Internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076383 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222567 
EFTA01379077

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379078.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart oldfield 
Sent: 
11/20/2014 5:39:40 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Ghislaine Maxwell Ill 
classification: For internal use only 
Just read up on her. connection to Jeffrey. Drives submarines and more. I'm 
intrigued. 
Stewart oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Marla•ement 
EMal 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 Original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 11/20/2014 05:36 PM EST 
To: Stewart oldfield 
Subject: Re: Ghislaine maxwe 
I 
Classification: For internal use only 
Yes I know her well, you would have been exhausted from the conversation you 
got a break, we will go out with her sometime she's fun 
 Original Message  
From: Stewart oldfield 
sent: 11/20/2014 05:32 PM EST 
To: Paul Morris/ 
subject: Re: Ghis aine Maxwe 
classification: For internal use only 
Really? I certainly know who he is. wow. 
Stewart oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth mana ement 
Ernal 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 11/20/2014 05:30 PM EST 
To: Stewart oldfield 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Really interesting, big nyc socialite, daughter of robert maxwell, was a major 
media mogul in europe who died of suspicios boating accident years ago. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076384 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222568 
EFTA01379078

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379079.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
6/13/2018 1:46:10 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180613 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE 
ACCT M 
NAME 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
CAMERON WANEK 
SHARI WAGNER 
06/12/18 
BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
1,294,387.59 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,877,976.68 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
109,596.26 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
364,279.13 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
396,015.00 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
187,154.50 
PLAN D, LLC 
348,087.33 
JEGE, LLC 
299,505.01 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
170,907.60 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
217,428.03 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
132,125.62 
LSJE, LLC 
259,205.06 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
151,075.52 
8L000-HORSE LLC 
449,214.73 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
185,874.24 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
398,182.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
223,246.42 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
2,277,085.70 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
733,701.04 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
323,223.15 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
267,972.25 
THE HAZE TRUST 
49,460,098.13 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
2,032,186.86 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
102,625.90 
SSW 2007 LLC 
288,459.60 
KWF 2007 LLC 
254,500.95 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,341,865.05 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
252,975.43 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
1,743,519.50 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
1,480,071.75 
CRW 2009 LLC 
252,938.34 
GEW 2009 LLC 
252,947.70 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
1,129,778.02 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
13,489,072.70 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/12/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
NOEL VOLPE AND MANDY )ANE VOLPE )TWR D 
205,679.01 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
149,967.76 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
149,967.76 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076385 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222569 
EFTA01379079

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379080.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
D 
149,967.76 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
149,967.76 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE OYNA D 
.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076386 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222570 
EFTA01379080

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379081.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sarah Rafferty 
Sent: 
7/11/2018 10:27:35 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: Next Steps: Invitation for Frieze Preview III 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Thank you! 
Regards, 
Sarah 
Sarah Rafferty 
Director I Marketing - Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Duitm.,he Rank Tai4 Cam 
w Amer liefr.: 
r'oFtal 
ph COI it 
#PositiveImpact 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, July 11, 2018 10:24 AM 
To: Sarah Rafferty 
Subject: RE: Next Steps: Invitation for Frieze Preview [I] 
There's a typo in the invite text, fyi. 
Below if the invitation which includes a registration link if you would like to reserve tickets 
From: Sarah Rafferty 
Sent: Tuesday, July 10, 2018 12:38 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Next Steps: Invitation for Frieze Preview (I) 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Stewart, below is the invite for the Preview for you to forward to your nominated clients listed below: 
James 
Burritt 
Ali 
Rashid 
Jamshid 
Keynejad 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076387 
SDNY_GM_00222571 
EFTA01379081

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379082.pdf
----------------------------------------
Leon 
Black 
Michael 
Bloomberg 
Andrew 
Feldstein 
Rick 
Caruso 
Kelly 
Masuda 
Todd 
Meister 
Greg 
Martin 
Stan 
Gold 
Barry 
Bloom 
Ken 
Jones 
Paul 
Watson 
Robert 
Forsythe 
Todd 
Wanek 
Jeffrey 
Epstein 
Paul 
Barrett 
Ian 
Slome 
Katherine 
Montrone 
Raj 
Pundarika 
Todd 
Kristol 
Jon 
Sobel 
Heather 
Crosby 
Torn 
Danziger 
Rudy 
Sahay 
Patrick 
McGinnis 
As a reminder, compliance instructions are below. 
Compliance 
As long as you are not aware of any potential issues and the client meets the below criteria, you can enter them 
in compliance direct only if they confirm attendance. Questions or concerns should be directed to the ABC 
group. 
Criteria: 
• 
Invitees should be limited to the wealth management client (or prospect) and/or their family members 
• 
No sensitive counterparts (including public officials, regulatory agencies, etc.) 
• 
DB payment of client travel & accommodation is not permitted 
• 
Pending business at the time of invite is not permitted (i.e. specific discussions pertaining to investment type and 
amount have occurred and decision or action is pending with client, or discussion on moving assets from bank x to DB). 
• 
Prospective business is ok — general relationship building. 
If they confirm, please use the following link to do this: 
!Mos ://www.concursol uti ons.comiExpenseiRequestidefau I t .asp 
• 
The costs associated with this ticket type are: 11am Preview — $376.90 
• 
Enter in comments section - Parent ID: 226591 (enter in comments section) 
Invitation (cut and paste/forward the below): 
We hope you will be available to join us for the Preview of Frieze London. Below if the invitation which includes a 
registration link if you would like to reserve tickets. If you have any questions, please let me know. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076388 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222572 
EFTA01379082

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379083.pdf
----------------------------------------
Frieze London 
& Frieze Masters 
Arotw Wool. an erh,biton of woven artists from the 
DeatrIve Batt Conte-toss cteetrattry the centenary et 
Insole empowerment 
4/0-Acc--t, 
4,,Prrerr., es. 
ate ar 
Cnoteir t rig Orr • c., .4a 
Fabrizio Campelli. Global Head 
of Deutsche Bank Wealth Management, 
is delighted to invite you to the Preview 
of Frieze London & Frieze Masters. 
Frieze London 
Frieze Masters 
41I hem le Oder0 in the 
peasehe BM* Wealth feanatternest 
IA10,9•10" VIP sect+) tv moue 
London aeon *7 opens at 11 00enk• 
Pegrstet k ncl 
.big us horn 10O0ere ,r car teunoet
to acme to :he FrIeze Ittesteat fee 
whin!; opens at 11 Sian.' 
For ens orestions please cor-ast: 
Sarnh Rafted 
The 0otts:he Bank C&'Act4t .6 nem one al the n-xa's most itroonan! 
a011acklAnk a acworcolus erten On Paw ad entrogrephy. 
ocludes %WM. 
by 670 4etnale 'cosh Poo we' 40 cautery+ As we relent* the centermy sf 
warrens yraPrnR0 •encnvned aria! Tracey E rren and her Moo crate a sycy4al 
me 'Mien of Valais Oy What attests Yore t•-• on "acts 
.• • ...ad, aft. • • ohm...yr., 6•.” ow. 
ra...m. 
ft ...a*. As 
eft 
ran. 4- ft ...ed.. & 
rr • on • 
aL
o...a orrrer. 
s P.. 
• 
••• 
y. 
weary *pp
hen...a 
• 
,•••••• •••••••,... 
•, 
f ,
•••#....1.•• 
t awe., ••••,•••••••......,••••••••••• 
•••••••
,,,ost•••10. 
)....•••••. 
••••M1••••••••
, •Jan..•••••••1•••••••••• 
a•nlit 
.• • NY- +.. r.....
 dna 
Sylac.,••••••,..••••al•Leglia., 
frt. al•Aili.“...}.•••••••Vatrumelneta**lattSOMIG 
Wlywntrwraml1.4•• 
4114•ItOrild.1034fl 
*.b olaltAMa
ar • Sit*ULL.• t PM 
• 
•••1 • fl
oasom 
atom 
apt *••••••••••••••••••••V.r.....•••.•••• 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076389 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222573 
EFTA01379083

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379084.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
8/1/2018 1:38:52 AM 
PM 
Report 20180801 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/31/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,406,667.90 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,097,973.99 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
240,922.03 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
687,814.82 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
1,525,915.02 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
D 
106,896.82 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
376,315.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
253,094.09 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
326,685.34 
JEGE, LLC 
292,018.43 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
160,890.22 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
173,463.61 
NES, LLC 
328,196.55 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
D 
116,967.07 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
481,910.87 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,073,167.72 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
207,728.36 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
464,534.85 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
436,961.94 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
558,833.88 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
734,736.63 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
323,679.36 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,350.48 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
40,583,100.79 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
534,440.04 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
102,917.53 
55W 2007 LLC 
D 
1,830,158.90 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
280,134.81 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
5,359,111.91 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
278,604.37 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
1,748,474.12 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,484,277.72 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
253,754.99 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/31/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GEW 2009 LLC 
253,764.37 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,132,988.54 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,527,405.05 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,393.93 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,393.93 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076390 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222574 
EFTA01379084

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379085.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
150,393.93 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
150,393.93 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
If need help please contac 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076391 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222575 
EFTA01379085

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379086.pdf
----------------------------------------
Original Message 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: wednesday, Augi-ust
. 2 1
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bella Klein
cow. 
Subject: Gratitude America, Lt 
can we set up an AG account with higher interest as we now have 2mm in checking please advise thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New 
tel 
fax 
cel 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076393 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222577 
EFTA01379086

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379087.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Natalie Barak 
Sent: 
5/21/2019 11:42:03 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield I 
]; Brigid Macias I 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein II] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Brigid is going to BSO to have these closed 
Natalie Barak 
Vice President I Relationship Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Deutsche BankTrust Company toiencas 
345 Park keeme. New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Sews€Ces ofiefei through Dettsche Bank Secutities EttC 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, May 21, 2019 11:42 AM 
To: Natalie Barak 
Subject: RE: Epstein [I] 
; Brigid Macias c
> 
Classification: For interns use only 
Thanks. I thought they already sent letters for some of these. 
From: Natalie Barak 
Sent: Tuesday, May 21, 2019 11:22 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Epstein [I] 
>; Brigid Macias ‹
> 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Everything on this spreadsheet is still listed as Active in dbforce. 
B — let me know if you want me to draft an LOA for them or if we can close via other means. 
Natalie Barak 
Vice President I Relationship Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Aniencas 
14s Park Averrue. New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076394 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222578 
EFTA01379087

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379088.pdf
----------------------------------------
Email 
S•-•!:,;•
,t e ”ft--ed 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, May 21, 2019 10:06 AM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
>; Natalie Barak < 
Subject: RE: Epstein [Il 
Classification: For Werner use orgy 
Can you confirm that all accounts are now closed? Thanks 
From: Brigid Macias 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 9:55 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Natalie Barak < 
Subject: RE: Epstein [I[ 
Yes, as per DB Force they are all at $0. I would have to manually check each account that's still officially opened and see 
if we can get MO to approve the closing without a letter. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bath Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Sank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 9:25 AM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
>; Natalie Barak < 
Subject: Epstein [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Looks like all accounts are now $0 balance. Do you see the same? Please confirm that they are all officially closed now 
as well. 
Thanks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076395 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222579 
EFTA01379088

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379089.pdf
----------------------------------------
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel 
Mo 
Em 
Securities offered ttvough Deutsche Bank Securities inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076396 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222580 
EFTA01379089

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379090.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT 0 
From: 
Sent: 
5/29/2019 1:55:51 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/28/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
AND 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
550,360.37 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
183,986.34 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
322,315.17 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
246,513.16 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
.00 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
.00 
PLAN D, LLC 
.00 
NES, LLC 
.00 
L5JE, LLC 
.00 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
350,083.13 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
.00 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
.00 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC (HOUSE ACCOUNT) 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
.00 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
211,233.58 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
CODE 
82289 
05/28/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT./ 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
M 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
596,312.86 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076397 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222581 
EFTA01379090

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379091.pdf
----------------------------------------
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,005,375.56 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
1,005,488.70 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,022.52 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,023.44 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,010,617.81 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,009,540.45 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
5,022,978.35 
CRw 2009 LLC 
D 
231,600.25 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
181,502.65 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
133,264.25 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
101,438.49 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
D 
101,548.92 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
171,103.71 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
100,836.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
100,836.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
100,836.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
766,509.41 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
706,381.19 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
100,836.21 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
101,887.71 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
945,179.36 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
8,235,466.32 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,768,050.77 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
353,726.90 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
2,615,360.84 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,657,185.44 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KVBIS 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,174,696.92 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
821,534.58 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
869,353.70 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,245,122.23 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,241,248.08 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
684,496.80 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
369,451.78 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
472,347.46 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
D 
21,486,926.88 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/28/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT B 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
D 
.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
D 
.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
D 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
D 
250,028.77 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES D 
250,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
5,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076398 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222582 
EFTA01379091

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379092.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
05/28/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT * 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOuNT 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
S00,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
350,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAV/5 WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAV/5 WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAV/5 WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
MSDNIY-0076399 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222583 
EFTA01379092

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379093.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
6/5/2019 1:48:24 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
AND 
.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,229,521.81 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
153,134.82 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
319,826.68 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
1,590,767.83 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
.00 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
.00 
PLAN D, LLC 
.00 
NES, LLC 
.00 
LSJE, LLC 
.00 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
329,725.26 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
.00 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
.00 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC (HOUSE ACCOUNT) 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
.00 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
211,500.71 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
.00 
RN CODE 
82289 
06/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
ASHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
M 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
1,612,089.93 
55W 2007 LLC 
D 
1,009,472.77 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
1,009,796.26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076402 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222586 
EFTA01379093

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379094.pdf
----------------------------------------
RW 2007 LLC 
D 
253,017.17 
EW 2007 LLC 
D 
253,018.22 
HARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,027,905.93 
TI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,026,826.64 
ANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
6,049,408.25 
RW 2009 LLC 
D 
232,236.55 
EW 2009 LLC 
D 
182,028.67 
TI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
133,538.04 
ERON WANEK 
D 
101,661.19 
RAVIS WAGNER 
D 
101,771.40 
HARI WAGNER 
D 
171,802.46 
HARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
202,548.80 
HARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
202,548.80 
HARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
202,548.80 
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
767,594.75 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
707,333.75 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
202,548.80 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
203,675.12 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
1,961,882.83 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
8,252,180.33 
AHUL VAID 
D 
1,771,504.52 
EYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
354,508.01 
HIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,620,499.48 
DISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,450,035.79 
DISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
RA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
IZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
IZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,239,145.73 
LSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
878,554.90 
LSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
908,624.87 
AN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,268,549.40 
AN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
UN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
1,358,711.63 
UN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
699,021.01 
UMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
UMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
408,885.68 
RINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
487,692.66 
RINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
D 
21,534,374.74 
SHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
D 
.00 
RIELLE E. WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/04/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT B 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
ASHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
D 
.00 
LAKE POINT HOLDINGS LLC 
D 
250,474.71 
SOUTHERN AGGREGATE TRANSPORT SERVICES D 
250,373.97 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
5,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076403 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222587 
EFTA01379094

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379095.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/04/19 
(ARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
350,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076404 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222588 
EFTA01379095

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379096.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
FYI. Thanks. 
Stewart Oldfield 
7/8/2019 8:33:50 AM 
Liam Osullivan [M
] 
Fwd: URGENT!!! Need to close accounts ASAP - please prioritize today 
image001.gif 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Date: July 8, 2019 at 7:33:19 AM EDT 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Andrew Gallivan 
Daphne Cale 
Subject: URGENT!!! Need to close accounts ASAP - please prioritize today 
Classification: For internal use only 
Dawn Forbes 
The following need to be completed today: 
1. 
<!--[if !supportlistsj--><!--[endifj--> $0 balance deposit accounts that are still open. Please 
coordinate with Daphne Cales to get these closed out on the system. 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
AND 
WE, LLC 
MORT, INC 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
NES, LLC 
PLAN D, LLC 
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC (HOUSE ACCOUNT) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076406 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222590 
EFTA01379096

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379097.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379097.pdf
----------------------------------------
2. 
<!--[if Isupportlists]--><!--Iendifj-->$0 balance brokerage accounts that are still open. Please 
coordinate with Dawn Forbes to get these hard closed. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS FOUNDATION 
JEEPERS INC 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
THE HAZE TRUST UAD 02/09/99 JEFFREY 
3. 
<!--[if Isupportlists]--><!--Iendifj--> Deposit accounts with residual balances. Please distribute 
balances and close accounts today. 
Money Market Business 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
Global Deposits 
Account 
1/24/2014 
21.72 
NOW and SuperNOW 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Global Deposits 
Accounts 
3/8/2016 
12.05 
Please confirm back to me once completed. 
Thanks in advance. 
Kim 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Com an Americas 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076407 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222591 
EFTA01379097

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379098.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076408 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222592 
EFTA01379098

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379099.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
10/29/2014 8:39:55 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. (jeevacation@gmail.com) 
CC: 
Daniel Sabba 
Paul Morris 
; Stewart Oldfield I 
; Richard Kahn 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
ICJ 
Attachments: pic30997.gif; pic27651.gif; pic24440.gif; pic24974.gif; pic16989.gif; pic13673.gif; pic31693.gif; pic27187.gif; 
pic14781.gif; pic07322.gif; pic23174.gif; pic07276.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Jeffrey - 
Re-enter order? 
Use limit and/or participate % volume? 
Thanks, 
Tazia 
From: 
Tazia Smith_ 
To: 
"jeffrey E." Kjeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Cc: 
Daniel Sabbaa 
Paul Morris, Richard Kahn 
Stewart 
oldfieli 
vahe stepania 
Date: 
10/28/2014 04:14 PM 
Subject: 
Trade Report 10/28/14 [C] 
classification: confidential 
• 
Jeffrey -
Today you executed the following: 
B 49,033 Citi 5.8% pfd at 524.0205 
This leaves 150,967 shares to buy. Re-enter tomorrow? 
Your other Citi pfd is held in Haze. 
would you like this booked there as 
well? 
Thank You, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30997.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
111.11110. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076409 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222593 
EFTA01379099

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379100.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fax 
Mobi e +1 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Stewart 
Date: 
Subject: 
pic276S1.gif) 
Tazia Smith, 
"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com,, 
Daniel Sabba 
Oldfield 
10/28/2014 02:24 PM 
Re: [C] 
Classification: confidential 
Jeffrey - Thus far done 
25% of the volume now. 
aggressive. Not enough 
Tazia 
, Paul Morris, Richard 
vahe Stepanian/ 
Kahn 'c
>,
on 36,300 Citi 5.8% pfd at 523.9964. Participating 
Please let us know if you would like us to be more 
volume to get done on 200k in one day. 
(Embedded image moved to file: 
VWAP from time of Order Entry: 
(Embedded image moved to file: 
pic24440.gif) 
524.0117 
pic24974.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners 
pic16989.gif) 
- US 
Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Mana•ement 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13673.gif) 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Stewart 
Date: 
Subject: 
Tazia Smith 
"jeffrey E." <jeevacationOgmail.com>, 
Daniel Sabba 
Oldfield 
10/28/2014 01:11 PM 
Re: [C] 
, Paul morris, Richard Kahn < 
vahe Stepanian/ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076410 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222594 
EFTA01379100

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379101.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: confidential 
Jeffrey - thus far done on 35,100 citi 5.8% pfd at 523.9945 working at 24.05 
so to continue to participate. given low avg daily volume, unlikely we would 
get it all 200k done in one day, so working not to push price. please come 
back to me if you want to be more aggressive. 
Thanks! 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31693.gif) 
From: 
Tazia Smith/
To: 
"jeffrey E." <jeevacation0gmail.com>, 
Cc: 
Daniel Sabba 
, Paul Morris, Richard Kahn < 
, vahe 
Stepanian/ 
, Stewart Oldfield 
Date: 
10/28/2014 11:36 AM 
Subject: 
Re: [C] 
classification: confidential 
Jeffrey - Thus far you have purchased 34,900 shares of Citi 5.8% pfd at 
523.9945; the pfd is presently 524, we're working aggressively at that level. 
Please let us know if you want us to bid higher. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic27187.gif) 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
Subject: 
Tazia Smith, 
"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Daniel Sabba 
, Paul Morris, Richard 
Stepanian/ 
10/28/2014 11:06 AM 
Re: [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Kahn 
Jeffrey - How aggressive do you want us to be? Buying 200k shares, Citi 5.8% 
pfd has traded 15.6k shares this morning, 28k dailyavg. Do you want to give 
us a limit? 
vahe 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076411 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222595 
EFTA01379101

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379102.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14781.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Fax + 
Mobil.
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07322.gif) 
From: 
Tazia Smith 
TO: 
"Jeffrey E." <jeevacationegmail.com>ODEUBAINT, 
Cc: 
Richard Kahn 
, Daniel sabba 
, vahe
Stepanian/ 
, Pau Morris 
Date: 
10/28/2014 10:57 AM 
Subject: 
Re: [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Citi 5.8% Perpetual Preferred (cusip: 172967366) , trading —23.92, buying 55mm 
worth. got it. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23174.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - US 
D8 Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Fax + 
Mobil 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07276.gif) 
From: 
"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Richard 
Date: 
10/28/2014 10:54 AM 
Subject: 
Kahn <a. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076412 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222596 
EFTA01379102

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379103.pdf
----------------------------------------
buy $5MM of this issue. 
Citi 5.80% PFD 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076413 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222597 
EFTA01379103

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379104.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Financial Advisor Magazine [famag@fa-mag.com) 
Sent: 
7/10/2019 9:39:38 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
FA News: CFP Board Considers Postponing Enforcement Of Fiduciary Code 
View in browser 
July 10, 2019 
CFP Board Considers Postponing Enforcement Of Fiduciary 
   Code 
The new standards could impact thousands of CFPs at broker-dealers and hybrid firms. 
The 10 Best States For Your Summer Road Trips 
More than $761 billion is spent on leisure travel every year. 
Why Clients Should Discuss Their DAF Accounts With Their 
Successor Advisors 
About 75 percent of successor advisors were surprised by their responsibilities to donor-
advised fund accounts. 
Schwab Grows Its Commission-Free ETF Lineup 
Schwab now allows investors to trade 539 ETFs commission free. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076414 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222598 
EFTA01379104

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379105.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tax Reform Toughens Home-Office Deduction For Wealthy 
  Clients 
High-net-worth clients will have a harder time claiming the home-office deduction under the 
new law. 
Hedge Funds Post Best First Half In Decade 
Hedge fund managers were buoyed by a strong first half for U.S. equities. 
The Masses Are Drawn Toward Funds Chasing Real Estate Tax 
Breaks 
Wealthy investors are attracted by the tax breaks offered by qualified opportunity zone 
funds. 
Not All Gold Bugs Wear Tinfoil Hats 
There's a rational argument for holding gold, despite its reputation as a refuge for 
doomsayers. 
   If You Flew Epstein's tolita Express' Private Jet The Feds Want 
To Talk To You 
Passengers on the fund managers jet include politicians, business leaders and celebrities. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076415 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222599 
EFTA01379105

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379106.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sovereign Wealth Funds Love Bonds Now. But Why? 
For the first time since 2015, sovereign wealth funds owned more fixed-income assets than 
equities. 
Dorothy Hinchcliff 
Sandra Croce 
e 
Associate Publisher —Di ita I 
Unsubscribe Subscribe Print Subscription 
;re 2019 Gunter Fitranoal PulgOiria Notwosk 491? &pad SZr-.354. SU/ZS +20. Shrovailvisc NJ 07702 
You are receiving this email because you signed up to receive emads bum us cm our websde. 
All Rights Reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076416 
SDNY_GM_00222600 
EFTA01379106

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379107.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
9/4/2018 8:57:08 AM 
To: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
CC: 
Richard larossi 
Mayur Rathod I 
I; Bradley Gillin 
Subject: 
Re: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS) 
and Gratitude America Ltd (GCISM) under the 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Thanks. I'm back in the office late tmw or Thursday. 
Stewart Oldfield, CM, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Sep 4, 2018, at 6:19 AM, Vijay-A Sawant 
> wrote: 
Hi Stewart, 
We have separated Mort Inc from this case (01977700), as requested so you can approve Gratitude 
today. 
We have completed all the searches and assigning this case to you for your review. Advise if any changes 
required, or else, please forward to the AML team for final approval, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche as Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai. Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore on East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile + 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, August 31, 2018 6:33 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
@ci Lcoin>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Bradley Gillin 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076417 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222601 
EFTA01379107

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379108.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd 
(GCIS#499760) under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Please separate the cases, then. We need Gratitude taken care of to open a new account. Mort does 
not have that same urgency. I'm here if you want to call. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, August 31, 2018 8:38 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfiel 
Cc: Richard larossi 
Mayur Rathod 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd 
(GCIS#499760) under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
Because both accounts Mort & Gratitude are part of the same KYC (01977700), we require Mort COGS 
or SoS, so this case can be submitted. 
SoS is the screenshot of this entities registration confirmation from the state registry website. 
Alternatively you can provide us the COGS dated within the last 6 months for Mort. This is the only 
pending item for this case, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CUB Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore on East, Mumbai -400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, August 31, 2018 5:52 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Richard larossi 
; Mayur Rathod 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Re: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd 
(GCIS#499760) under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Do we need Mort to complete Gratitude? Also, what is SOS? Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076418 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222602 
EFTA01379108

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379109.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Aug 31, 2018, at 6:59 AM, Vijay-A Sawant 
wrote: 
Good Morning Stewart, 
After receipt of the COGS for Gratitude America in attached email, we confirm that only 
the following items are pending for KYC Case#01977700 
• 
SOS & COGS for Mort Inc dated in last 6 months. Entity domiciled in US Virgin 
Islands. 
Once the above item is received, we will submit this case to the AML team for approval, 
thanks. 
Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche as Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore on Fast, Mumbai - 400063 , India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, August 01, 2018 5:37 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Mayur Rathod 
Subject: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCISI
) and Gratitude America 
Ltd (GCIS
) under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hello Brad/Stewart, 
This review relates to review of above high-risked accounts due for remediation 
8/31/2018.
Upon review of the dots available from repositories, we have completed attached 
checklists, identifying RP's below. List of pending items listed below — 
Acct Holder — Mort, Inc 
Director, Sole Shareholder & Authorized Signatory —Jeffrey Epstein 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076419 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222603 
EFTA01379109

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379110.pdf
----------------------------------------
Director, Vice President & Authorized Signatory — Darren Indyke 
Director & Treasurer — Richard Kahn 
• 
<!—[if isupportlists]—><!--lendifj—>Please confirm material changes to this 
account and whether RP's identified above are correct or not? 
• 
<!--(if isupportlistsj--><!--Iendifj-->We were unable to locate COI for this entity. 
Additionally we were unable to extract SoS from the US Virgin Islands registry website. 
Alternatively, kindly provide COGS for this entity, dated within the last 6 months. 
Acct Holder — Gratitude America Ltd 
President & Authorized Signatory — Jeffrey Epstein 
Director & Authorized Signatory — Richard Kahn 
Director, Treasurer & Authorized Signatory — Darren Indyke 
• 
<!--[if Isupportlists]--><I--Iendif]-->Please confirm material changes to this 
account and whether RP's identified above are correct or not? Please note that in some 
docs, Richard Kahn reflects in Self Certification form (signed in 2016) and Form 990 (also 
from 2016), both attached for reference. However Richard does not appear in the DB 
Non Profit Resolution signed in 2015. I have attached this doc as well for reference. 
Additionally from the last approved KYC 
(from Aug 2017), Richard does not 
appear as an RP for this entity. Hence checking, kindly advise accordingly. 
• 
<!--(if isupportlists]--><!--I[endif]-->We were unable to locate COI for this entity. 
Additionally we were unable to extract SoS from the US Virgin Islands registry website. 
Alternatively, kindly provide COGS for this entity, dated within the last 6 months. 
We will proceed to launch this case upon your confirmation of the material changes 
onabove accounts, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche as Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
<mime-attachment> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076420 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222604 
EFTA01379110

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379111.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076421 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222605 
EFTA01379111

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379112.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
10/16/2018 2:29:35 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20181016 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/15/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,377,408.18 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
523,126.04 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
775,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,690,100.71 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
148,737.87 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
171,555.43 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
785,739.18 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,187,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
353,156.06 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
718,453.14 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
255,684.99 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
162,307.05 
NES, LLC 
348,121.96 
LS)E, LLC 
D 
523,235.07 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,967,469.08 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
361,313.22 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
305,472.98 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
217,995.84 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
1,470,113.49 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
705,802.21 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
314,162.94 
CRW 2009 LLC 
M 
.00 
GEN' 2009 LLC 
M 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,754.26 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
12,690,279.36 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
1,536,739.37 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
103,227.37 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
10,872,164.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
D 
348,784.44 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
311,852.71 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,012,558.27 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,012,804.68 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,908,413.63 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
100,316.93 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/15/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
•
ANEK TRUST OF 2000 
20,671,198.45 
RW 2009 LLC 
D 
3,818,790.49 
EW 2009 LLC 
D 
3,817,987.06 
HE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,568,129.07 
TEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
100,442.77 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076422 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222606 
EFTA01379112

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379113.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,442.77 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,442.77 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,244.33 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
55w 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
302,105.76 
ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
500,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
1,000,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
10/15/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
T000 R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
200,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
500,000.00 
500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076423 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222607 
EFTA01379113

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379114.pdf
----------------------------------------
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,003,698.63 
If need help please contact 
thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNIY-0076424 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222608 
EFTA01379114

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379115.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
10/30/2018 1:52 29 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Daily Deposit Report 20181030 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/29/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
4,689,165.67 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
305,126.04 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
889,436.73 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
150,174.13 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
185,652.17 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
560,687.91 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK, INC. 
D 
100,000.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
2,187,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
287,080.48 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
790,453.14 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
239,917.66 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
137,732.54 
NES, LLC 
309,343.83 
LS)E, LLC 
D 
394,761.61 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,967,469.08 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
439,116.41 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
293,588.53 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
357,719.62 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
2,470,113.49 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
705,802.21 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
314,162.94 
GEW 2009 LLC 
M 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,754.26 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
7,690,279.36 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
1,536,739.37 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
103,227.37 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
10,872,164.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
D 
348,784.44 
MVP 2007 LLC 
D 
2,851,819.82 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,012,558.27 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,012,804.68 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
2,908,413.63 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,640,284.04 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
20,671,198.45 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, 
ACCT A 
NAME 
10/29/18 
ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CRW 2009 LLC 
3,768,690.49 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
3,817,987.06 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,568,129.07 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
100,442.77 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
100,442.77 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076425 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222609 
EFTA01379115

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379116.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
774,900.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,442.77 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,244.33 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
SSw 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
sSw 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
500,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
250,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/29/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
200,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
500,000.00 
500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
50,007,397.26 
50,007,397.26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076426 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222610 
EFTA01379116

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379117.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
C 
25,003,698.63 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076427 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222611 
EFTA01379117

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379118.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kimberly Hart 
Sent: 
11/1/2018 7:05:55 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield I 
Subject: 
Re: Epstein - negative media [II 
Sounds like fun :-) 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. +1 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
On Nov 1, 2018, at 7:02 AM, Stewart Oldfield < 
> wrote: 
Just finished yesterday. It's good but they stretched a day and half of material into two and a half days. 
All in a windowless room in the basement of 60 Wall... 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Nov 1, 2018, at 6:48 AM, Kimberly Hart < 
> wrote: 
No worries - was just checking in. How is the training? 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076428 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222612 
EFTA01379118

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379119.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 11:05 PM, Stewart Oldfield < 
> wrote: 
I'm talking to his CFO tmw for more details. Missed him the last few 
days while I was in sales training. Sorry for the delay. Thanks. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 9:00 PM, Kimberly Hart < 
wrote: 
Were you able to obtain the additional details from the 
client as discussed with Andrew? 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobil(-
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
On Oct 22, 2018, at 3:39 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
> wrote: 
Might be easiest to discuss. Please let 
me know when 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 2:30 
PM 
To: Richard larossi 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
>; Stewart 
Oldfield < 
>; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076429 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222613 
EFTA01379119

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379120.pdf
----------------------------------------
Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: FW: Epstein - negative media 
fil 
Classification: For internal use only 
It is hard for me to comment without 
additional information. I am comforted 
by the fact that the case was dismissed 
but it would be helpful to know the 
following: 
(1) 
Isupportlistsj--x!--
tendifj-->Why was this suit brought 
against Mr. Epstein? What was his 
connection to Hoffenberg? 
(2) 
<!--(if !supportListsj-->c!--
(endifl-->What was told to you by Mr. 
Epstein or his representatives regarding 
the claims? Did he serve as a 
"consultant" to TFC? 
(3) 
<!--(if Isupportlistsj--><!--
(endif]-->Why were the claims 
dismissed? 
(4) 
!supportListsj-->c!--
(endifl-->Has Andrew reviewed the 
information and is he comfortable 
maintaining the relationship with Mr. 
Epstein and his related entities? 
<image001.gif> 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 14m floor, New York, NY 
101 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobil 
Erna 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. 
From: Richard larossi 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 1:36 
PM 
Cc: Bradle Gitlin 
; Stewart 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076430 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222614 
EFTA01379120

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379121.pdf
----------------------------------------
Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [I] 
Classification: For Memel use only 
Hi Kim, 
I hope you had a nice weekend. 
Just wanted to follow up on the 
below. Attached is the Dismissal Notice 
for the latest lawsuit filed against 
Jeffrey Epstein. Compliance has asked 
that we obtain your approval to 
continue the KYC approval process. 
Please let me know if you have any 
questions or would like to discuss. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard larossi 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Managanent 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities 
Inc. 
From: Richard larossi 
Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2018 5:22 
PM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin 
, Stewart 
Oldfield  
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media I II 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Kim, 
AMI. Compliance (Yoonsun) has 
requested that we receive your 
approval to move forward on all 
Southern Financial/Epstein KYC 
remediationis. 
As per your discussions with Stew 
regarding the latest lawsuit against 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076431 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222615 
EFTA01379121

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379122.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey, please find the 
attached 'Notice of Dismissal' dated 
10/5/18. 
As this occurred after your approval on 
10/2/17, please confirm again that we 
are comfortable moving forward. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard laroso 
Assistant Vrce Po:salon 
Sri
• - 
• ‘1",- 
aenteat 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities 
Inc. 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 12:15 
PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradle Gillin 
Subject: RE: Epstein • negative media [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Was this returned as an ROC alert — or 
part of the regular Lexis/Nexis due 
diligence? 
<image001.gif> 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Com an Americas 
Emal 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076432 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222616 
EFTA01379122

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379123.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 11:03 
AM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Epstein - negative media 
Kim, 
This just surfaced in our latest KYC 
reviews. Let's discuss what info I need 
from the client and then next 
steps. Thanks 
http://www.classactionsreporter.com/s 
ites/default/files/towers ponzi scheme 
complaint.pdf 
<image002.png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bath Trust Company Americas 
h 
* Wealth M 
m nt 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076433 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222617 
EFTA01379123

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379124.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
11/1/2018 12:02:38 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
CC: 
Bradley Giffin 
Subject: 
Plan D 
; Richard larossi 
May be closing account. G4 aircraft will be sold. Account may be used to buy a new plane, but they would rather form a 
new LLC for that 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 P 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076434 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222618 
EFTA01379124

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379125.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart ()Weld [ 
Sent: 
11/7/2018 2:16:02 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn I 
Subject: 
RE: are you around if i call with darren? 
sorry, stepped away for a bit. I'm here now. Also happy to walk over to you if you prefer. 
Thanks 
original Message 
From: Richard Kahn (mailtol
l 
sent: Wednesday, November 07 2018 1:53 PM 
To: Stewart oldfield 
Subject: are you around if i ca 
with darren? 
Richard Kahn 
HERE Associates Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076435 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222619 
EFTA01379125

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379126.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Olin 
Sent: 
11/8/2018 2:25:13 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
Richard kahn called 212 971 1306 -you can call tomorrow if needed IC) 
Classification: Confidential 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Et 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076436 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222620 
EFTA01379126

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379127.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: 
11/15/2018 3:52:43 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Bradley Gillin 
I; Richard larossi 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein - negative media (I) 
Importance: 
High 
Many thanks Stewart I! 
We have submitted a few rejection cases from the Southern Financial Relationship based on the below approval. 
Kindest Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
Mt Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile I 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, November 14, 2018 6:49 PM 
To: Daphne Cales < 
Vinita Advani < 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi < 
Subject: Fwd: Epstein - negative media [I) [C) 
>: Alka Babu < 
Stewart Oldfield, CM, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Kimberly Hart < 
Date: November 14, 2018 at 8:16:36 AM EST 
>; Vijay-A Sawant < 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076437 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222621 
EFTA01379127

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379128.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Yoonsun Chung 
Mayur Rathod < 
Cc: Andrew Gallivan 
, Stewart Oldfiel 
larossi 
, Bradley Gillin 
Subject: FW: Epstein - negative media DI (Cl 
Richard 
Classification: Confidential 
Yoonsun/Mayur —
I received the below email from Andrew Gallivan confirming his comfort with continuing the Epstein 
relationship. I do not see any new allegations that have not been previously considered and risk 
accepted. The recent lawsuit appears to be unfounded and was promptly withdrawn. Please let me 
know if you are seeing something additional that should be considered and escalated. Otherwise, I think 
that we can proceed based on the previous clearance. 
Regards, 
Kim 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 14th Floor. New York, NY 10154 
Tel. + 
Fax + 
Mobil 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Tuesday, November 13, 2018 10:38 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Richard larossi 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media (I] (Cl 
Classification: Confidential 
Based on the below I approve continuing this relationship 
Regards. 
Andrew Gallivan 
Andrew Gallivan 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076438 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222622 
EFTA01379128

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379129.pdf
----------------------------------------
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Motes 
Em 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, November 07, 2018 5:12 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gill ii 
ichard larossi 
Subject: FW: Epstein - negative media [II 
I have more info as outlined below based on a conversation with Jeffrey's lawyer. 
Andrew — please confirm that you remain comfortable with the business risk here. 
Kim - please forward as necessary 
Summary of situation: 
This was a frivolous lawsuit that was quickly withdrawn by the plaintiff attorneys upon response from 
Epstein's lawyers. 
The person ultimately behind the lawsuit was Steven Hoffenberg, who was convicted of fraud and 
served a long jail sentence. 
Hoffenberg was called "unstable" and "manic" by the judge that sentenced him. He repeatedly filed 
lawsuits against the government from jail and against other people (including his lawyers), all of which 
were dismissed. 
He convinced the plaintiffs to file this suit as a class action. That way Hoffenberg wouldn't be the 
plaintiff himself. 
The original matter here was thoroughly investigated by the SEC and others and Hoffenberg was the 
only person deemed to have been involved. 
If you Google Hoffenberg, it's easy to find the full history here. I think we should accept this matter as 
closed on our side. 
Thanks 
From: Richard larossi 
Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2018 5:22 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
tewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media Elj 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Kim, 
AML Compliance (Yoonsun) has requested that we receive your approval to move forward on all 
Southern Financial/Epstein KYC remediation's. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076439 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222623 
EFTA01379129

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379130.pdf
----------------------------------------
As per your discussions with Stew regarding the latest lawsuit against Jeffrey, please find the 
attached 'Notice of Dismissal' dated 10/5/18. 
As this occurred after your approval on 10/2/17, please confirm again that we are comfortable moving 
forward. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard larossi 
Assistant Vice Prcsidcnl 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Managanent 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Floor 
' • 
• 
• 
0134 
Securities olTeral through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 12:15 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
Was this returned as an RDC alert — or part of the regular Lexis/Nexis due diligence? 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue 14'" floor. New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 11:03 AM 
To: Kimberly Hart < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Epstein • negative media 
Kim, 
This just surfaced in our latest KYC reviews. Let's discuss what info I need from the client and then next 
steps. Thanks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076440 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222624 
EFTA01379130

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379131.pdf
----------------------------------------
http://www.classactionsreporter.comisitesidefault/filesnowers ponzi scheme complaint.pdf 
Stewart OldieId, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Tel 
Mo 
Em 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076441 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222625 
EFTA01379131

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379132.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076442 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222626 
EFTA01379132

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379133.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
12/5/2018 7:32:14 AM 
To: 
Kimberly Hart 
CC: 
Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: 
Re: Epstein - Patrick, Andrew, Stew and Kim 
Patrick Campion I 
I 
Thanks. You can read this morning's headlines about him on your way. It's playing out as we discussed. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Dec 5, 2018, at 6:45 AM, Kimberly Hari a 
wrote: 
I may be a couple minutes late to the 8am since my train to NYC was cancelled. Please start 
without me and I will get there as soon as I can. 
Regards, 
Kim 
Epstein - Patrick, Andrew, Stew and Kim 
Scheduled: Wednesday, Dec 5, 2018 from 8:00 AM to 8:30 AM 
Location: Patrick's Office 
Invitees; Andrew Gallivan, Patrick Campion, Stewart Oldfield 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Directory Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076443 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222627 
EFTA01379133

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379134.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Daphne
Sent: 
12/21/2018 2:15:46 PM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldtield I 
Subject: 
Automatic reply: HOE INC 
Please note I am out of the office and will NOT HAVE access to email. If you have an urgent request please 
contact the banking services group aa. 
For KYC Remediation / Case Managers: Please contact Nick Watkins or Vinita Advani. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076444 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222628 
EFTA01379134

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379135.pdf
----------------------------------------
> This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your information and for discussion 
purposes only, and does not create any legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any 
material herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
• 
Original Message 
> From: Richard Kahn 
> Sent: Friday, January 11 2 1 
:1 AM 
> Cc: Jeanne Brennan 
; Liam Osullivan 
>; Darren Indyke 
; Liam 0su Ivan 
> To: Davide-A sferrazza < 
> subject: Enhanced 
ucation 
> 
• Please sell 2400 shares of BMY at the market thank you and please call darren to confirm 
> Richard Kahn 
> HBRK Associates Inc. 
> 575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
> New York NY 10022 
> tel 
> fax 
> cell 
> This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
> 
• Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional Eu corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
> 
• Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076446 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222630 
EFTA01379135

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379136.pdf
----------------------------------------
were in compliance with any governing uncleared swap agreement then in effect between us unless we 
notify you otherwise. 
You are not required to take any action in connection with this communication. This communication 
does not change any terms of any uncleared swap agreement between us. To the extent that such 
uncleared swap agreement is uncollateralized, or if we do not have any agreement with you concerning 
our handling of your collateral, the substance of this communication may not be relevant to you. 
Very truly yours, 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Thanks & Regards, 
DF SEGIA 
Dodd Frank - Re ulator 0 3erations 
Tel: 
scalation Feedback Conta 
• 
Visit our myDB page for news and information 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have 
received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any unauthorized 
copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076448 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222632 
EFTA01379136

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379137.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
1/3012019 1:42:21 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190130 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/29/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,644,934.96 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
195,527.69 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
3,036,588.18 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
110,321.78 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
732,725.74 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
656,330.11 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
211,536.74 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
2,923,487.56 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
373,502.04 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
249,347.94 
PLAN D. LLC 
D 
568,364.42 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
134,967.02 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
469,762.02 
NES, LLC 
D 
476,351.74 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
716,554.54 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,232,836.20 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
604,532.71 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
398,600.94 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
497,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
8,789,938.49 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
385,874.18 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
3,564,620.75 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
357,146.85 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
7,435,467.34 
SSW 2007 LLC 
2,634,292.89 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
4,399,614.53 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,020,210.88 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,020,458.73 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/29/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
923,985.20 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
3,185,203.95 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
6,540,877.18 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
2,082,807.07 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
2,134,871.04 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076449 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222633 
EFTA01379137

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379138.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
CAMERON WANEK 
13,630,824.62 
2,349,825.59 
307,125.58 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
534,302.61 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
103,524.42 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
534,302.61 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
153,512.31 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
407,207.62 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
534,302.61 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
1,220,488.24 
RAHUL VAID 
1,754,744.37 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
350,795.11 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
2,002,778.08 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
1,234,028.42 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/29/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
250,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076450 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222634 
EFTA01379138

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379139.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
MARA WAGNER 
C 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/29/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT * 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
C 
500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076451 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222635 
EFTA01379139

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379140.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
2/26/2019 1:36:43 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20190226 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/25/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6,230,277.89 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
238,000.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,736,431.10 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
812,189.19 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
1,035,257.24 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK, INC. 
D 
100,000.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
24,564,037.55 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
342,861.03 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
749,347.94 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
562,976.42 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
.00 
NES, LLC 
D 
116,148.03 
33C INTERIORS LLC 
D 
.00 
LS)E, LLC 
D 
300,160.45 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
.00 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
436,707.96 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
294,102.15 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
497,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
255,266.37 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
2,855,681.90 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
207,419.85 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/25/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
2,449,426.08 
55W 2007 LLC 
D 
1,636,225.34 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
3,405,449.38 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076452 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222636 
EFTA01379140

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379141.pdf
----------------------------------------
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,545.58 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
252,793.96 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
251,128.59 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,188,460.25 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
1,552,936.45 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
1,587,297.96 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
1,639,472.48 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
12,100,735.34 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
103,603.26 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
103,603.26 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
1,355,260.15 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
207,791.39 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
153,838.26 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
153,838.26 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
153,838.26 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
255,623.39 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
103,603.26 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
105,082.86 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
255,623.39 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
153,838.26 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
408,072.24 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
255,623.39 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
2,413,919.35 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,758,172.13 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
351,539.95 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,007,030.56 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
1,359,882.81 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KVBIS 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
02/25/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT M 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
5,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076453 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222637 
EFTA01379141

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379142.pdf
----------------------------------------
SSW 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
CRW 2009 LLC 
CRW 2009 LLC 
CRW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
ALI RASHID 
ALI RASHID 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAMERON WANEK 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, 
ACCT # 
NAME 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
10,000,000.00 
C 
5,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
500,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
307,241.55 
C 
1,500,000.00 
C 
314,658.33 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
02/25/19 
ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
GRAT FOR LEAH M 
GRAT FOR LEAH M 
GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
500,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
50,000,000.00 
50,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076454 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222638 
EFTA01379142

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379143.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
MARA WAGNER 
C 
.00 
LEAH KVBIS 
C 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
If need help please contact 
thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076455 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222639 
EFTA01379143

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379144.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
3/1/2019 10:59:57 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield I 
Subject: 
acct summary [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
Rich, 
Ignoring the brokerage accts which should all be clear shortly, I see the following to clean up: 
$0 balance accounts still open: 
JSC 
Mort 
SFLLC (DBAG acct) 
STC (DBAG acct) 
Gratitude 
2007 insurance 
Haze (DBAG and DBTCA) 
HBRK 
Note that it's possible Bella has asked to close these but we are waiting for a final monthly interest posting 
Accounts with balances: 
Butterfly 
0KI PLLC 
JE personal 
Hyperion 
JEGE 
Kalin 
LSJE 
Neptune 
NES 
Plan D 
Prytanee 
SFLLC (DBTCA) 
STC (DBTCA) 
Caterpillar (DBAG) 
Zorro 
Zorro (House Acct) 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Mana ement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076456 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222640 
EFTA01379144

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379145.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered though Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076457 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222641 
EFTA01379145

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379146.pdf
----------------------------------------
New
York NY 1002
On Mar 6, 2019, at 9:19 AM, Liam Osullivan <
 wrote: 
Classification: Cant:Sendai 
Good morning, 
We will work on have the margin statements turned off. 
We have not received the request from IR yet. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
<image001.gic> 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Investments & Trading Institutional Wealth Partners 
DB Securities Inc 
Visit us: hup.ildeutschewealth com. 
<image002.gic> 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to soptisticated. experienced investors 
who qualify as Institutional accounts" wider FINRA Rule 4512(0(3). and are capable of evaluating the 
investment benefits and risks of. and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and determining 
whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and financial transactions. Transactions are 
subject to relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no 
transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you are a client of Deutsche 
Bank and of the Insblutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is for discussion purposes 
only. While brokerage services offered through the IWP Americas desk may include investment 
recommendations and brokerage advice, IWP does not provide investment management or investment 
advisory services: and private market opportunities arid other products and services available through 
IWP are offered only on a non•advisory basis.
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your information and for discussion 
purposes only, and does not create any legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any 
material herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076459 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222643 
EFTA01379146

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379147.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Wednesday, March 06, 2019 5:41 AM 
To: Liam Osullivan < 
; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Fwd: Auto Generated Margin Statement from DEUTSCHE BANK AG to 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, 
can you please look into why we are still receiving these entails..
also any update from 1B pulling apple stock? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Auto Generated Margin Statement from DEUTSCHE 
BANK AG to SOUTHERN FINANCIAL 
Date: March 6, 2019 at 3:16:59 AM EST 
To: 
To: 
To: 
To: 
To: 
Cc: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076460 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222644 
EFTA01379147

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379148.pdf
----------------------------------------
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076461 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222645 
EFTA01379148

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379149.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
7/6/2018 12:59:15 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20180706 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/05/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,287,546.70 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
487,273.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
271,159.94 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
352,591.86 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
817,529.37 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
426,315.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
294,860.55 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
186,854.50 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
347,374.83 
JEGE, LLC 
293,228.13 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
214,533.40 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
197,080.81 
NES, LLC 
422,856.70 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
D 
122,066.82 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
389,236.96 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
126,087.60 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
361,721.16 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
148,797.12 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
436,628.19 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
2,080,509.86 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
734,175.44 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
323,432.14 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,145.51 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
40,521,596.75 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
533,630.09 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
102,761.56 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
288,900.19 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
254,889.67 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
5,350,024.20 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
253,361.83 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,745,824.29 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
1,482,028.29 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
253,324.68 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
253,334.05 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/05/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,131,271.49 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,506,904.15 
NOEL VOLPE AND MANDY JANE VOLPE JTWR D 
180,948.50 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,166.01 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,166.01 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076462 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222646 
EFTA01379149

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379150.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
150,166.01 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
150,166.01 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076463 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222647 
EFTA01379150

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379151.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076465 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222649 
EFTA01379151

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379152.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076466 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222650 
EFTA01379152

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379153.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. NRITIR and Titie of Natural Person Opening Account; 
`1. C Ciriiret A ) (3 4.5 
4Ss
.. -.
kt t‘-k--- Ce.I SA-  Cs .6.1e aJoi 
nu. 
S-O1 tU t tailer 
;9%31 Entity. Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Einirn ler 'Which the Accourn is Being Opened. 
• R....„( kn„, 4, 
usu 
t t.,,, 
ki„.4 
Jot 
(4 4.41 
‘ 44)4 
itoo 
tea 
cc-L.4>C4 0,a„virov
-i  
(33 
ff
- 
\i"Lbva 
OS 
J( 
o 
DT° 
c Tea fc4hw;ng information for each lnewidoal. if eny, who, clirectiy or indirectly, threugh any contract, atrang:wile:it:
tr-de.:Ft 
relaticns?•;no' care-.i.se. owns 25 oercenr
,
 o:' (flora of the equity interests of the legal entity listen above: 
!O. 
TeWnin 6.4,erfeiri 
(::)too ieah pieuva,A05 03 
0'0 
CaroI 
r44 
: For f000•liS. Notoos: 
SgmAg.t. 
i5t,e WirCia 1 fC4 .11(4r3itik, 
tollacial Slant* 1•440 
7,>E 
S, ”vsorai.ei 
p: Scout 3,,c;;!:ti kofitUm ,r g Rnp...x., 
farl,..!*ftll Count,  31 
vo:ntlf4onloo two 4-433be-_,:r r.=Ferir 
!Ind ciuntry Of inulince eurzytiltitr griernMent-aivtd dotastiftn: eVOOMIty 
inc$10X:e end nanny t chOtOgi.iii 
be pt,Indic5. 
Of no .4-4rodwo moots %hag ochretion. Meow write 'Hot Arteritves.1 
d. The following information for uneindivIdual with significant reaponsibility for managing Inc legal entity lined above. 
stmt.: as: 
• An executive' Weer or senkX manager (e.g., Chief Execufiva Officer. Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Ofliter. 
Managing Member. General Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly mforms S;51a5 functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual tiste.d under section (c) above [nay also tie listed In thus section (0)i. 
Horn. 
7.4ieowte Sows-t—
' For 1:133.uS 
end Lit.* 
.of lila 
be F 
040 it of Solt
.tern Artorow 
ror half:tsars. 
S.'343e1,34E434
Kuinber 
For Non.u.S flown 
f.  
w4443444 i for allOnWir,ei 
to Sowl tt000ltet.ofroon 
iftmlerebt- 
'.e.stZbIS2ciiill, NI; mbe or 304,244X: nainbe ,;c,thC'ountrool !Ealanc• Er 
intntvr 
f 
oth 'm gent 
:mu or F4. rle,..SN mientiet n <et:dente find tooneg a ohcogi aft or 
Orep...2iz Nuald 
(na 
my utowiedge, vlat the 
n4tion prowled above 
ble../jtafrf 
'Min; 
:delgelll (0PtI0nal.) 
of nacurai person opening the account) hereby certify, to the best of 
complete and correct 
43201ft 0rnsiolv 8333 Art.' AI ry yrs tasteti. WO1898(le 02$819.0.91319 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076467 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222651 
EFTA01379153

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379154.pdf
----------------------------------------
Solt_ tAA. vict.4.-ev 
iCietVC o 
osvl 
fo kio o 
.Si- TL o, es f kisQk 
a'2 
c.. the, It, 
intocmation ft,f E0Q!' OOSICR.101, it Ong. vthtl. direCtly or ind:recti•r. through any con‘. 
undue:en:141g. relationship or othe!wlse. owns 25 per cent or more of the equity interests of tho 
!.$^e
74,!); 
i:_. . 
LegalA.:4:dt'; 
For US. Pane...en 
3erilt Seix:rk, 
! tivtibe 
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Parsons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a Memo and Tme of Hegira; Person Opening Account: 
G . 
vk 
t; Name of egal Entity. TYpts of t.e[w Entity. and AddrOZ3 of Legal Entzt; ;cir 
:t!eACCOILIt 
Preirt0 CliFeted: 
t&‘..W 
1.4.1 ca.•4:"^j 
-ract, arrangemat 
legal entity listed above: 
3-gw viLI c s o
t .43 
( ac t s 
%era 1400k Q...h40- 
'64t
wa
' 
s ) 
Og OA. 
For Non-U S. I.>enot 
r.iot fJatr:K :1 hi ;kw:tamer 
to &Kai 'SmIsrl4 !fainted 
Fix Ran-US 21.-Infia. zi,l(itt4ar 0 
SO:0i Sacui.t; ,i -'0111,t+ 04 a Psisdcd '40110@ gitbi.:::»anay ^č iit.$44(-na. tea S,)n iewliaati"m;i1R1 r.Ifittla'. al Matta; 
„no tounDy JI astionc.., at any al hat gOrt 
idcalitant readsozWonstitedlity,'d fes.clende Ind aLia(02 a paCtaialapii orAmllu tafeDiihki snvid 
;K. wo-io,č-1. 
(if no alanfitlal Men Ow detiabon. phase colt' "kW Appdribid..1 
d. The following information for one individual with eignitkent reenonsibility for managing the regal entity lilted above. 
Such as: 
• An executive Steer Or Senior manager (e.g„ Chief ExeCutive Officer. Chief Financial Ofilcar. Chief °prating OfCcer. 
Managing Member. General Partner. PresIderri, ViC3 President, Treasurer): or 
• Any otner 
who regularly perfcirtt &MOO( fijffini0m, 
(If appropriate, an individual lisled under section (c) ab.we may d:st., be lisucl in this secziun (d)) 
i W4 of aion 
Letim Alciress 
3.(rafet E. Etžt.et 
See: iislocx
-Q.-
ftX OS.15013O 
%NA! Seurat} 
N4inba 
F.to 
‘See kotnral 1 la remr:Ms-tr 
to Social Set t Sh.t ;atal) 
- 
I d( 
PEri(X13. 
if(fdriali 
Sf04 
AWN». ar 3 PataNst iazfraTte aifla aataay 01 itwtiecž. as armn War0.fialar 'AM Marina' a (4mbw 
rend country a1 4.a:0N:a oi aay Oita, gnattaillteraiitioeff ilitacinfarlf Cute-la:sing oat( 
Sidalflat nns, bendro d piwaliapil at 0,40 taittwid 
bajaOtt(a(a. 
(name of nature; person opening the account). hereby certify, to the best of 
Carap!ete end oorreCt. 
.egal Emay ;:m!,,iNfaš tOzoom 
Ana Ocitscr+ &A; MI. AN oliihA ram---NS vr.:162EtY3 L12381.9 051514 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076468 
SDNY_GM_00222652 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379154

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379155.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
J. Name and Title 
Neo.iral Person f7.9aning Account: 
7:••-4 
*a  
C. 
--I,/ 
b. Nemecf 
fro 
-
4.....C)&42%;:r...-it • I r3/439%) 
Cancnic•i-(td 
1/4-Nc.4:44 Caogss-61 (CR 
tar. 
osvt 
CoVti 
Tne Vicwirg infOinlazion for each irdiVidU9 
v.; 
• I mcw,,urifling. relationship or otherwise, °Wile: 2 
Oew 
Nee. 
,..egelAckeee, 
ES14‘g 01r.,
•
throLigh any ccntraer. arrangement. 
I. 'a rad the equity interests of the legal entity tested above: 
TiWai  C. Cicliv 
s 3 
.AN= 
ipt oo (-ea \-44:tote-taw:srEr 
St. 
)C, °I To,e0-
r-o'ItS neresw. 
Fe! 
Svsw.s: 
fletitl Sector; 
; ?Sat feenele3 fe 
• WA-3 
taii
i ti 
WS Settle,' !Nunn?, 
. 
' 
tIon.LIS rgtreart 
flit:RICI` :08 :3COM Srcovity 'aktint.o• av NI:M:4n roam tax toi:11 Country of ill turmv..kr yg:m jeztfilkatjmn 
d 
tq ra nbcr
jhut.MIOJJ.10 4%1M:frt. M Sc;; other 9itorattitoor • oflutd oszween evadtoca* ginionaiorr 
rettationoe avid beating ti ;threat:vac& Or *tellilr tene?wed 
be we...iced. 
Enna elcia.lusi teens thiteei.lt.:‘, C. 
wati! 
Ot .4N6:,}blen 
d. The following information for one individual with s;gnitcant responsibiliti for managing the legal entity listed above. 
such as: 
• An executive officer or ::•eic>or 'nonage! (e.g.. Ch,et Exec.,..give Officer, Chief Financial ott-cor. cwet 0paratiny otevar.
Managing Member Genet al Penner, Preefdent, Vice Pre,ildent, Treasurer): or 
• Any octet ;neiwkinal who E egulariy 
sirnher functions. 
(If appropriate. en ;Itthvidual listed untied' sacnurt (6 above may geso be listed in this section rd)) 
Te4r41 6. (-141,,,01
Oats rr r• 
Leyee Ad.Pets 
Sc 
a 
14ACa0 
;et: VS. neeeN't 
SE:r.Ftr: 
t.ilfriber 
FW FIC,11:).S. POMO): 
ftP)Z1)(M,P i't. 
SmajSIC113$7y 
'tar •tarrU.S. gettoor• it oath tvOn AJ So..-4 Snooty 
PMF.21 HVEMIM 
r: Oar;Sti 
4Viadtra 
Avg :tient!! dor.or cod voord.ov. grater 
aid rotting of (smance of Per artier 00a:foie OM*. 
(M u moil I in 0.'10110 1:1I;On4if I 
‘ ,MCIOnt-Al 
d tWa 
a rhartpgrorin N t•^ 
nitre-ea nx4e 
be perdr....,
itneledgerlat the Igo 
• 
Legal Ng? loinaior plipttreol; 
nail% , 
(hided above is co. 
_
-
atural cersen opening the account), hereby certify, to the best of 
:clefc and co rect. 
(Oki Er 
Cso.vtachr Sena otit. AN 
WM10.CM..1 025gliAS1814 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076470 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222654 
EFTA01379155

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379156.pdf
----------------------------------------
U. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title or Natural Person Conning Account; 
‘ A-
-t 
e
b. Name ot Legal EntitY. 1.ekn Cif Lapel Enntr. ane? AC-dtcsa ol* Legal 5.ntity sG. vdt..•iell the Aotount it? Being Opened: 
Pere isQ-e-pe-* 
TE 
, 
. ‘be. I 0,..›are_ ,.,› 
rot to Q. titokh 
-e 
S4-- 'Ste 
C t OS•3t 
C. T.  fo»wing information for each indiint uak. if any. wh0. direeey 
a, li 
I :
or
 tbrough  am( c.critroct arrangement 
understanding, relationship or otherwise. owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests al Me lagis entity Iiistee above: 
`:'c .-: eich 
;.co.!r,;;;:.:::,  
, c,;! U.> riPasait : For i
ii.U.S. beozna 
‘iiaistsinie, 
€.$4.? k....~4 I Irt"f fitMc2thti 
. Noe 
is Social Se:alie ,:umbei 
"3-412rni
(MX) tat k4.*Å0S)..).trIer, 03 
s ) t.X u t OO1Oa. 
"Pee r%n.1J.S.terenm. erea&taan in a Sateen :ktz.ney nbekbef C lanoPpoin .'eamabee Dili, enenti a Of ;tiara 
MItsCSI 
owl ;apnea. el' reenter 
and COUIII, of Bastian:* cf mrf :sin« tauekneneneatoad dnrument evelnneepe Neuman:yet MOILIOOPOIOOd DiMMIQ,I.plyntogript; or MIMS& 'Aligratil WatiltS 
(If net ~deaf  meet 
CMIHMKIO. panne MOP 
~ask? 
a. Tire following Information for one Individual with significant responsibility tot managing the legal entity liSted 31.11.%fe, 
altich 3$ 
• An exisentka officer or senor inanaper (e.g.. Chief Ever-Wive Offil:ee!. Chief Financial Oftkei: 
Chief Operating (fiffg:ei: 
Managing Merilkall Generki Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurer): or 
• Arc other indivichte, who regularly perform; ',0i17; twvzii(x1a. 
(II appropriate. an individual listed tender aecttn (*above may also be listed in this section (d». 
: Dete nr3le:h 
ti
,acecietas 
"Tet:rr.14 
!>c) %C. 
Few LI. S. ;),,!ser:. 
‘:;nt Nee-
.t...znal 54:ne!:: 
(St ensernke 1 ia neerr.nnees 
atentanc 
.Setke Secunte lurnbee. 
rt•IMIn. Ifl ar:0{i0r: POO 
NOOMM 
NOIOMM .yobCr,-,mict 
'3MOOIIIt, 
t -ainiabnior ram i=zolivi. a rairetin 
At1 MOOT!". Of baffle» nf any oek 
IMOMIlliky 
..MOOM:0 noel OfffillIg I %Mk...army:4. 
senenr aafeµ'nd ahnele 
eekeekt. 
-----(trar a of natural person opening the account). hereby certify. to the best of 
snowied 
ouiderf Ni)InVe. is L.-mole:a end ctrl %;
Untal ansty oiinsein (ieneraii 
t ft 
4,‘ 
Rini AO. Ad s 
f61,4n,o(f. :gbliags36 41D61Ø0.41319 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076471 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222655 
EFTA01379156

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379157.pdf
----------------------------------------
li. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
e. Name and Title of Natural Poison Opaning Account' 
Pr-frei 
‘.. C-firi-eo"1
(tk.‘_,...46 -4 V 
b Nara of t. cog t  nOty. Type 
E 
lot 
A.:COI:lilt is Being Opne. 
Ts. 
oskj 
4-4 t; at, 1, 4..r (.04.0.ecuAr-t 
or to 0 
k.kock Oucork•etr g 3 
Visa 4 a.s, L.1SQ 
ta5i. 
c. The fog owing inforMatiOn for each indlIrtioa1/4 f eiTy. WhO, rilrecdr or indirectly, through eny contact, rangement 
otwfltystdrto 
ot 
en:65e. (),,,n5 25 oei,:ent 'y more of the equity interest of the legal entity listed above: 
co, t.I.S.Permes 
kit tion.0 S Petwets 
SocIS -9Thlrir'21 
clIes lacerotel lc/ 
SMAA Sh-OtICOVV»rolti 
I () 0(s-3 
Lao 1241-kirbeiL Cl.).44e)
S$. TGa3 
S &ft 
C.x.)80 
Os MO:•-;33, 
ViOt: %IA 
SbAsiit(..4:111t. V 40 1.1.2>P0it kiewwwitn COW,ITY (If ;40004, at. y4r4i- 'yew:L=4..44cm 
ryjet.,•1 
and -).:Dntrr. of issri4nr;# 41Vrt ,the gOVVAII1Wit.otiseel trizionirtat rrirdenting nationallw or rewierreetird be oteg a plcrtotazah et smitu tafewall thorird 
sl no Atksual meats chit oefineitr, ma Se Mite '140t, APO:13NC, 
o The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for marleginQ the legal ernity listed above. 
SUCK 8s: 
• An executive officer or serther nranagerfeg , Chief Ftteee Off 
c
Offer Chief Financial Officer. Chief Operating Officer, 
Managing Member. General Pdrtne.I, President. Vice President, Treasurari: or 
• Any Citttqf 
'rho regularly rxrfotras &miler functions. 
of appropriate. an individual listed under motion (c) above may also b listed in this section (d1). 
1)Ni, It earn 
14-4s)0, ..sz 
Fn!U.. k'nfeln 
rtor ticort.t.S. itrirattt 
fACIAi 
f3fel 
4iVer•tves 
PAIRIbe 
>rozsciol Sterility N,serttit 
Fof 
ft.yrscrai. t *r... rrorr re 4 $a:-.
--or Switate kiirr?Ar r: Pitsyrw..n RiertneWgr. etilft1 Of '4C-ithrza an xeierriitrotitir.b1h-e:4.7St.dnbze. rtiRitbit:' 
and ;rout., 
n..”inze c.! zaw *thin Licniennert.isose:, dew/vent evidencing ontinmliwnr mfatittroe.ted be 10114 a illretycirapir or Jager salcgi.ercl Omni° 
Protij 
LOOM 5n7:n, 
(Cptinr )4/ 
of natural person opening the eccounti, hereby cooly, to the bast of 
‘cmplere and tweet. 
ti; 201S Mr:tic:NJ Oft.* ers, AC NM*. ituler•tti. WhIgoe;64 enstkostass 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076472 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222656 
EFTA01379157

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379158.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
ch Name and Tide of Natural Person Opening Account 
Te 
k e‘," k
fix
•Which the Account is Being Opened. 
t-t-C_JJ 
(:-‘, (.4.1
CA.t70 
V4watLebocA-tri 63 
S+ 
) 
1/4.11 
Q C let 
c. The following information for each individual, if env, vtho, dlrf..Ctly or indirectiy. through any tentract, arrangement 
understanding, 
fi.ilatiOnShIp or otherwise, twins 25 percent or more of the equity interests of he tega) entity listed ab- ve: 
e!•:iete 
..:.syr
. 
,:rt:.U.S.P•"itt: 
;r:irt ft;otrei, 
Werigivr$ 
ti/Satfil Etcorf:ytio.11t»l: 
t on ea Pocillau.,Lers 
1' 
‘" • 'U-tent.as usv tØØ.. 
---Frwty€-.4ic-iww I 0
) 
t 
ib: nns•'.3Æ. rtrtanaiit•MC;00,03, 70 SO:104 SeCOntr Nuiltif (4 r. Stk2pC09 
thim etafty nl itzgzoorr 
Rion antific,)tion cznIl rturnby'.:, nantee 
led alone): 0i:sit:hew esi my ot>er,:mentnitne,:irnarl ibetnitet tetresnelrg 
rtPtidi:nCe fine Wilting J P(P »XIMIUtth or ~lb* 14f4;Jrzi tn•:;;Ile 
"JJ 
r•no*didi.sin,~ 
th4" , tinat9n. go rse trip 
;1ezt awAie.rc4o.1 
it The following intormdtion inc one individual with significant responsibility for n waging the keel entity listed aboee. 
Such as: 
• 
An e../e-sutive ofiKtei or 
manager (ea., Cjijoi Exoeurive Officer. Chief Financial Officer, f lo{ Operating Officer. 
Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurer); or 
• 
An'? OthW" rnd;Vir.hi/fl tv ho  regularly performs similar tundons. 
tlf appropriate. an individual listed under section ici above may also be listed in this section O)), 
i..fry‘VA(gkRis 
TeM-Prai 
(fs-4",, ti>01C3 
See
 444124:"j&-
' r: år r•år..!). S Je4lons. 
Scc 
><+a 
, 0:0`Zei tir .,31'¥10€!' ~X4 
*IN. t..0;i0t.) of r(sifirct 
fin situ: ctigific)tIne tfin7 taainbm 
rra• 
am; •,:0;00-, 01 .3 in rom.0 of 01W 'Or/ 
01:Zunl",t 0..r.forc.0.g 91.0",t, Miry t`• (09:1004...! /WO betiloR J 10hOtOgir.110, 
*SI& tJfeWarJ S0C4110 
b0r-.1.00.1*0 
F,x 
Strian $10,...10kfc 
'ZVI!~ 
Å 
fin•Aratr;fi4 
Itfinber 
tr•Scoul Sx:n 
;1011b0t) 
, nowledge 
i 
tasint 
'tennSer tOottnisi 
(name of natural person opening the account). hereby certify. to the best of 
frits4led-otrais co toles rind correct 
2111.3 .:!etitsd* ear). Ail. AE 
reaentu. 
026219.051J:16 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076473 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222657 
EFTA01379158

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379159.pdf
----------------------------------------
IL Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide ti's following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Oiyeriing Account: 
P-Ge 
A- ‘-es' ire frt ) 
Re 5 
h. Name of €eca! Entity. Ty 
Of Leto! Entity, and Address [if !seal 
tridi tic 
r,....,Acc 
B el(tZ, Ope„ C.„-j 
CY) cw4) 7E~ 
tiS1/41t Cewirinfna 
(rak o 0 eel 4044 045,, ‘tv
e
S 
`Now-c.c  t evt
 ooec»._ 
0. The 10Wong information for each 9‘dMcitiai, if any. who, 6:rooth or indirectly. through env contract,. arrangernoll. 
understanding, relationship Or lft enailse. owns 25 percent or more of the equity interest» of ;he lagg! entity lianed above: 
Hunt, 
Time 
:...`gel /berets; 
32r," (tea.," 
blocreail greir-0~4ef 83 
Sir - too", Si <ZIA eoso,.
for U.S. Perr..i: 
Nol-ti S. PersonA 
Social SinoiMy 
' (Ste 1--trtote fefeituretO.• 
Nut 
to Social SW)M< Muntayl 
704 Nr)n..U.S Pt.113:ik. k, kedlikri 
Arai deuriu'iurrIbm W 0OeUyJa thimeeNkitrt COUner 
en Au; cltntii--^ntiun 011irl oolest 
romber 
rod tutintry Or lsghtscax:.0 Jr.< Win gninnnmontiiiievednoraimorceinder.eing no:la:many or rdsatence )ra beating r! photograph et 
salexid tm.:Ad 
tat orients 
el no man:kited MOSS INS Seeogion. panne Mite -Nix Agt3=0.": ,
0. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legai entity listed atinnY. 
such es: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Cit! 
ExerAithie Officer. Chief Finenciai OltfiCtif, Chief Operating Ofticar, 
Managing Member, General Partner. President. Vice President, Treasurer); ur 
Any otit4r .^4lividuc4i ',rho regularly t»rionus$Irnilar functions. 
Of appropriate, an individual listed under section {el above may also txt listed in (his sectkin urn. 
Nara? 
TX.,1  E..Epek .t
COO, Di 
eterress 
SY2 (46.> JQ 
',ter Nee. 
Pors.‘er 
rtotnnti. 7. Viz sicir 
te Steed StCieey 
rer?.•iee *LS. etetieni. g.r.Osito: es P. eeLie SEC:vity frivre4r tX J Pktot-Y! ri..JIlturstjTt einvayef 
Lod noip. 
:Krieg! 
and worthy of in-Jai:roof any ether yer.-rieubset..ek.s., deconterte.iseneine rotlimulits nr relanaa hid iMIIurQ it phvuomail ur zirrili.ir trifogLuia 
be prcvitiee. 
i. 
ti 
snowiedgelthat the 
iligevt‘ify 
Lowe :onVry klern 
tentinew; 
to ar_q nacho! person opening th r account), hereby certify. to the bast of 
id-Oral -Jove ,scc3lotete and ocernot 
20.1[4 Nortek ear> 46. Atli igrga VW Via,. il,54 04C60 06919.651.44 
CONFIDENTIAL 
- PURSUANT 
TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076474 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222658 
EFTA01379159

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379160.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on beha€f of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
:I. Name and Trite of Nature %SOP Opening Account: 
TecR...1 L. (,,,,,4,t„ ) Soka vvtawl-ev--
u. NBnte of Legal Entity. Type of Legal Entity. and Address of Legai Entity 
Which the Account is beint; Opened: 
t.../e..? A-NAne J L-L C.- )  )be_kc.i.oce. eel co...Ilk 6
It a CZ (. 
Cot t70 iaa 4.00Loo.vrbec e3
Sflinsat.uc. 
) L75vt 
Oc,1a 0 - 1 
it 7 
kcic,!;!:Thg ;ni,);tnatir, Or .?3Ch
 4t0. CrreCttii Cs indirectly. through 
contrTct arrangemet 
tinflerStOz !ging, felationskp 
or otherwiSS, owns 25 nerceir ni mole of the lenity Interem of the legal drib(, listed above: 
;:,,,t„ of eti- tt. 
:LEIt‘C
dt-c.t.; 
4,64„,„ 
woo ea k4ciov 
usv( 
. 
. 
p;;I. LI a Ptit0fRa: 
.:F1C1E11.3171::eiltle 
umber 
Fat meii.4,tS. rxtpar.r:
tootmlo I !V' 3S3welsitital 
to Social Sewn!, s ..ttober) 
Non•U:S.!%raont. T  sott-ticto 3, ) Stettd Scrwrity Norther ou n 'times 
*.trots .6'44County, of .Thiatr..4 Ri.cOtiew. Cent raittflo r4td mwobo. 
IStstliat 
Nod AN.OtTly of iosustecti et my, otter otrcoronorc.issooddectotoot levirleitcug ',atonality or /f7tODOtte)anntwoing a prtowtoraoti ix 0Mo/3403914M st nalti 
t'a ccovidod. 
(it no 
meth This d:HislIttiti.pfreco !mg, e "%to:AO:table') 
ci. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the lege! antity listed above, 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manacer (e.g,. Chief Executive Officer. Chief Financial Off-zer. Chief Operating Officer, 
Managing Member, Genteel Partner, President Vice President. Treasurer): or 
• Any ocher ihejiwoual who re4Adatly perfwIn3 sim;tar itinctians, 
(If appropriate, an irucividual listed under section (c) above may Ws° be listed in this section (d)). 
DOTS tt!':'.31E".t- 
t. i:3-4 Matta', 
s o_ Alec, 
°.rlt5 
Ptitottc: 
.etac.at ZSOC.WI: 
Oi in "ttg
to 
PO: hlOn•il.S. 0,!:g.ott 
t:St3OlOtt
or 
lO CrOttot n 
SOOLO St rut
 titcr.tti 
• • 
....... 
• 
FOI titoo.U.S. tzevoont.htotkit v:3 Eit."-otki Ststvrity nottib.../ ot Ot:tatmor. ,forttbet .t>ithroottefti instuora, to,  
tit i•wtOf-cta. !t.tct cam noTobr. or oats*: 
Ma COMO? OteltIvOittg of wy otltw govstnment-immodocurnets evioecrirg nmonalits 
InefOrc; ant: ntoroto a OttItt>3r3PO m -OrMIS-InfttO3O31-kt.13 
CrW "O 
?el 
t rp 
t 
fnam(d of natural person opening tta account), hereby usitify. to tie, best of 
cadge, ttpt the Ent 
omplete. and °went. 
ktontitior t(tsc tong) 
tn Ocuzetie %Pk AO. Ali (19otatesernm. seiM1£9666 
le IS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076475 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222659 
EFTA01379160

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379161.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following Information: 
a. Name and Tale of Naha ai Pelson adenine. ccotra.
StA,e- kkte %AAA, -tv 
b. Name of t.egal EMity. Type o...1 Legal Entity, end Addiess of Lega: fiNlty *ex What the Accorait is Being Opened: 
L C. 
LA-L. 
lc.tt-tA (colt, t. 41
(.0 k OO 'act? Pac;olz. 0.)., 
a2 
LaSV1 °et 
c. The folkming inferm-ation for each indsridual, if any, who. directly or ind€rectly, thro;x3n any et,ntracr. 3rrangemeat. 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the regal entity fisted above: 
f..5enC 
 Da» akes 
i Sew, g;!;.r tc 
'dr VS Pidtorie 
tire isorse,$ Ptcroft; 
Sala 
fOt+tnGe I 
!miacNr Se.tifflt 4JIYItet: 
TaCP.-.1 C. ,stri.., 
6t 00 euk Woo 
IWA3 
-Uttaslo•-ati US 
OCIEM 
A' X n‘si.LIS 
n aldrt it to :t oeni Sttv...ncr itnt;xf AI 4 ,:.:4f1470 
2..iti•COOr.,sy rc I.stAratit. An $hr bernkanag, raid ounesst 
*voter 
env re of 
narJo or am, oche gorworieciriissuel dons/sem osiomaide nanarehlii or irodeenos me hears ig sr Owns, 
ignilifr dal sow,' Monde: 
i* DICSulffi. 
ro iridreorat rtere los 014014011. ONEY'Vtf!tf)"4014.7.)Ist..360.1 
0. The toikming Information for one Individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
• An executi•to officer or sergor menage: kg.. Chief Exc-mtive Officer. Chief Financiai Officer. Chief Operating °from. 
Managing Member, General Partner. President. Vice President. Treasurer); or 
• Any other Mdividual who regularly performs sk.,Ilar functiona 
pf appropriate, an individual listed Mid( Section (O Mauve may also be listed in this section (d)). 
:diatii of birth 
tow' Aire ein 
U-SCuel  E. Etch., 
S.,. 
i44::tr3 
32—
kid V S. ikirsofte: rn, 
kritrkteti.x ioriarni.” 
I:urea*. 
Seidel S euf ito 
reressolLS,Pdederrs. 
asiddiorl to a aril Sessuli s. Plumber Or ; DZSWOet .tt -giber 'SIT C,:xinify 
rosiinew. 
irsesseoaros 
waiber 
cocifdr; of iThlthlre06 
arr; orAvs 
nine t4 .141 ore doedineri *sides:ere nismodiste or eaten's:fad Writhe . 00400140H 04 renter Jaltgius d avoid 
eU froyirsod. 
(name of natural person opening the account), hereby terrify. to tne heat of 
v._ 
:omplete and trATer.t. 
Siotoesr
—
teed Cents Monied( iOrderdri 
.;, 2928 
Wars AL.:. Fa ope*rer.er,re Ws.41ef.46d eld31)051Sla 
etc 
ir 
0„, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076476 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222660 
EFTA01379161

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379162.pdf
----------------------------------------
II, Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and fititt of Natural Peron ()porting Account; 
Te.fg.,...r
1:uf v for Which tj-te Act:N.:urn st,tin.2 or„say,ed, 
AL, 
Coto° Iga 4 go oV.Qty 
eg 
s.k• 
j  US° 
CDC) Sona_ 
c. Trat.followiril ; El fOrladt;011 IOT each indt'..tdual, any, who, dint :on; Ci indirectly. throuvi any contr
t, arrandanwit 
understanding, telettonshinot other, Sse owns 25 percent or incite of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above; 
feint? 
.1i4eki,,
+
lc
vs
GA oo 4it a,c,se 
isk-11-4.s11..SX Oci 
gor 
: PO( 4cr•LiS. NiSen€: 
rx, e:PT sender 
!Sop tsorrra•at. 
ttlerrnthes 
SIKUNI, % 
' For mrirE.i.J.S. Pei ,r,t.s. 
Se%tiriti;Nwtibes 
C<.;too; 
lauirmo. if 
Å Art: icemtiT4x,eftlati~C4O! Ao<IND4r 
toItleCtitOry Of issuance of or;• 
govarnment.-•titier1 <ke4/Merl 
itlithttlet ]<I4 blr.Iling Owe! gait of Wnilp nifewirs therwlei 
WCoo<14"1 
III r 
inaritIbid 
,11$ 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed abase, 
such as-. 
• An e.'<ettitlye officer or senar manager teg., Chet Evecutere Officer, Chief Financier. Officer. Chief* Operating Ofticeg, 
Managing Member, General Partnet. President, Vice President. Treasurer): or 
• Any••›thilr axtividUal who regularly per
 5;i-filler functiona 
(If apprept late. an individual tistad under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
: Nave 
a
art 
,PN 
• r 
t)^. ~1:. 
StierrIGO Å.+. Sol:MI Str4Wil ilOroixT 5'04 Dan,.-Fmt %robe wzt?.C.ocw:;riogintion.x. mi.dset,
ar.a t-atroy ni rt loOrct .3f :to; other iwtootwz4tiorol 
rIocaintom <.,4<kooroG niolorra 
V it•SederiCII Jgd 1:calng A pAN.A‘plat or ?InIttir 
fcl,;:ktM 
bi:tof einti 
Ut•AJINIdn.", 
Foi 
f.Ntrcine: 
F3r Nor •US.i, eawit 
•autd :Ays ter 
"Seeissreett et, s'tetrtsietett 
tensors 
teStstal Sew sty '• 
\bo t g3 
-40—ce_ 
(reran of naturai person opening the aeCOurl)t hereby Cet ;icy. ta the bast of 
—a.ts complete and correct. 
tnets otiose, aunt sO. so nests iestireo. 
)26.31:.i.ZY:irsta 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076477 
SDNY_GM_00222661 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379162

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379163.pdf
----------------------------------------
il. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on belle of a legal ently must provide the following informaton: 
a. Name and 'nie e Nature! Person Openin9 Account: 
ske an 1. Sz-.)14.- (Ke 
b. Nenc oi la! 
i y:Je of Legei Entfrt. anti Aratfress of Legai Entity fer Vt.fhicil tne At-et:tint 
Beiml C! 
rife 
ete 
e vv-e 
1,_L.c. 
()SUI t eem. Jr•gà te rab.. kr 
Wei 
(o 100 
età 
14.O-tz 
.C\ 
ktA.. s 
Us \JI 
CC an_ 
c. The foloy..fing inforMatiOn ri," 83e ;riffretduai. ti 4ny vet10. direc th. or inereetly. th: vogh amy coritr
t, arrangerai-nt 
understand!ng, t 2!ationship or OthetwetS, StanlY; 2S c[.;reent or more of the &luit,' interests of the legal entity listed abc-e: 
one 
:`tto ,,,1,::  .
loto° Otà giock at-41  63 
11; é.€elt 
l›Dtz3 
el  
usas UGUt 00%61
Fe U.S. Pesa--u: 
e9t letr•rJ.S. reneet: 
`Lieue Steuree 
',Set feotrate tor 
7rrenDre 
io :;oeial Seeramar %rertboi) 
`' 'ar Ntri .U.Se térrsont 
areszfea..*.? Soerte Securiry neAleet 
PiljeeCit ::.triro., 
Couette( Of ;Marica an 'den eSt ne:ratera coolmente. at 
ceste 
3net ce,tintrIr of iestiscet ef srw orna' geverrubeni•inueretcloeUn.ant uereer,en tu:entrent or ernicattot and e earing splottogresti nr tends etinesol lorual 
Se Lier:tarte 
Of PO oniridu.- ffietat Itns ;bort, cm. peine tek 1,:ceritoreftatkt "*: 
cl. Tho follavving information lor one individuel tue signiffoant responsitility lor menging Nie lega!entity listed M'ove, 
ste.:h as: 
• el.ri eicacutivs of boer a senior rnanager (e.g.. Chie! E%ecutive Office, Chief Financial Officer. Ch;ef Operating fiff ner. 
Maraging fviembee, Genets! Patiner. President. Vice President. Treasurer): or 
• AOY Ør irrivkhrni wild regtilafiy cartonne endar functiera. 
(If apprupriate an !ntfividual listed urecte,r section (c) abeve mai; a!so be tisted in thie section (d)). 
?.411`à! 
Deb?co• Shch 
Couà Martin 
7;4-ei "
esb`' 
cSPe_ 14) oL.) 
Sosaelt .! t'Or Ne. US. C'eteaot 
zarst eiresPar 
(Zoo tapine.. I fa alsrerstotes' 
r‘utotkv 
Seraff Stlottte %motel 
w.,....i.r.Lieene.m.i.,;»,elee
 a tieee:4„ eer‘e,p, e.iweber 
t  feenere Niinne; * or Crutaitec edinet-^2. 'men, exparr.-)ik.it raie 
retsecer 
ans redorer of a:nuance st any collet israerrtnera-aurtes tiocurnerri 
earenality a tert retrert and teariors a phorogresh e etadari.w.ealma shauei 
ba preaSec. 
4•41n 
naine of naturel percion opening the ae.count), hareby 
to the eest of 
ni? 
info 
Mine" 
is Gootplere and cryreet. 
Liga! Enran «!notlem (Cimetina) 
201..a Seutaahe Bank Ø. All et•ilflt roter ore ,h'all9SESS Sr/S(0Ø.051518 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076479 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222663 
EFTA01379163

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379164.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners Of Legal 
Entity Customers 
I. General instructions 
What is this form? 
To help the government fight financial crime, Federal regulation requires certain financial institutions to obtain, verify, 
and record information about the beneficial owners of legal entity customers. Legal entities can be abused to disguise 
involvement in terrorist financing, money laundering, tax evasion, corruption, fraud, and other financial crimes. Requiring the 
disclosure of key individuals who own or control a legal entity (i.e., the beneficial owners) helps law enforcement investigate 
and prosecute these crimes. 
Who has to complete this form? 
This form must be completed by the person opening a new account on behalt of a legal entity with any of the following U.S. 
financial institutions: (i) a bank or credit union; (ii) a broker or dealer in securities; (iii) a mutual fund; (iv) a futures commission 
merchant or (v) an introducing broker in commodities. 
For the purposes of this form, a legal entity includes a corporation, limited liability company, or other entity that is created 
by a filing of a public document with a Secretary of State or similar office, a general partnership, and any similar business 
entity formed in the United States or a foreign country. Legal entity does not include sole proprietorships, unincorporated 
associations, or natural persons opening accounts on their own behalf. 
What information do I have to provide? 
This form requires you to provide the name, address, date of birth and Social Security number (or passport number or other 
similar information, in the case of Non-U.S. Persons) for the following individuals (i.e., the beneficial owners): 
• Each individual, if any, who owns, directly or indirectly, 25 percent or mare of the equity interests ofthe legal entity customer 
(e.g.. each natural person that owns 25 percent or more of the shares of a corporation); and 
• An individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity customer (e.g., a Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, or Treasurer). 
The number of individuals that satisfy this definition of -beneficial owner" may vary. Under section (i), depending on the 
factual circumstances, up to four individuals (but as few as zero) may need to be identified. Regard€ess of the number 
of individuals identified under section (i), you must provide the identifying information of one individual under section 
(ii). It is possible that in some circumstances the same individual might he identified under both sections (e.g., the President 
of Acme, Inc. who also holds a 30% equity interest). Thus, a completed form will contain the identifying information of at least 
one individual (under section (ii)), and up to five individuals (i.e., one individual under section (ii) and four 25 percent equity 
holders under section (i)). 
The financial institution may also ask to see a copy of a driver's license or other identifying document for each beneficial 
owner listed on this form. 
WM189666 026819.051816 
P.Igt I 'A) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076484 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222668 
EFTA01379164

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379165.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account 
b. Name of Legal Entity, Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirect€y, through any contract, arrangement, 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
Name 
Oate of Birth 
legal Address 
For V.S. Persons: 
Social Security 
Number 
For Non-U.S. PereJOE 
(See footnote I for alternatives 
to Social Security Number) 
For Non-US. Persons, in ereditcon to a Social Security Number or a Passport Number with Country of Issuanot an alien identification card number, or number 
and country of issuance of any other government-issued document ewJencing nationality or residence and bearing a photograph of sink', safeguard should 
be provided. 
(If no individual meets this definition please write "Not Applicable') 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, 
Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
Name 
Date of Birth 
legal Address 
For U.S. Persons: I For Non-U.S. Persons: 
Social Security 
(Set footnote I for imernattves 
Number 
to Social Security Number) 
• For Non-US. Persons, in addition to a Social Security Number or a Passport Number with Country of Issuance. an alien identification card number. or number 
and country of issuance of anyOther gOvernrnent-IsSued*DCument thidencIng nationality or resloence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard should 
be provided. 
(name of natural person opening the account), hereby certify, to the best of 
my knowledge, that the information provided above is complete and correct. 
Signature 
Date 
Legal Entity Identifier (Optional) 
e 2018 Deutsche Ban( AO. All rights received. WM189666 026819.0.5101S 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222669 
DB-SDNY-0076485 
EFTA01379165

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379166.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bella Klein 
Sent: 
8/10/2018 2:03:54 PM 
To: 
Liam Osullivan 
CC: 
Richard Kah 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
Re: DB_Jeepers_Glen Dubin_08-10.18.p 
Great 
Thank you, 
Bella 
; Darren lndyke 
; Davide-A Sferrazza 
On Aug 10, 2018, at 2:02 PM, Liam Osullivan <Liam.osullivan®db.com> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Bella, 
The funds have been sent. 
Fed Fund Reference X: 
Have a great weekend. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
Liam O'Sullivan 
AVP I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154.0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.
Em 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the 
meaning of the F/NRA Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies. characteristics and investment risks of 
and exercising independent judgment in evaluating. the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject 
to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its affiliates prior to execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed 
herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners (KCP) products. investment ideas and 
solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non•advisory basis. The 
KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any mproduclion andror redistribution thereof (in whole or in 
part) or disclosure olds content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally 
binding obligation on the part of DB& or any of its affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076486 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222870 
EFTA01379166

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379167.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Friday, August 10, 2018 10:19 AM 
To: Liam Osullivan 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
> 
>; Darren Indyke < 
Subject: DB_Jeepers_Glen Dubin_08-10-18.pdf 
Liam. 
Please process the attached wire 
Thank you. 
Bella 
Tcl: 
>; Davide-A Sferrazza 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076487 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222671 
EFTA01379167

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379168.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
7/10/2019 12:27:38 PM 
To: 
Patrick Campion 
BCC: 
Subject: 
FW: Epstein IC) 
Attachments: RDC Alert Jeffrey Epstein.pdf; RESEARCH Jeffrey Epstein.pdf; AML Alert Clearance Email _Jeffrey Epstein.pdf; 
Epstein KYC August 2013.pdf 
Classification: Confidential 
Very brief mention of Financial Trust at the bottom of the KYC with a note that alerts were cleared by compliance and all 
prior court cases closed. 
From: Natalie Barak 
Sent: Wednesday, July 10, 2019 11:31 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Epstein DJ 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Here's a few does to get you started 
I will keep looking 
> 
Janice Franklin still works here — she may have the email that Chip wrote which was attached to the AML clearance. 
Natalie Barak 
Vice President j Relationship Office! 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Deutsche Dank Trust Company Americas 
Email 
fyecurir; es Off ef ed through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076488 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222672 
EFTA01379168

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379169.pdf
----------------------------------------
rdc 
Entity: Jeffrey Epstein 
Entity Information 
Entity ID: 
Entity Name: 
Address: 
Event: 
Date of Birth: 
Source Information 
34637981 
Jeffrey Epstein 
New York, New York, UNITED STATES 
• FRD - Fraud. Scams, Swindles 
CVT - Convict, Conviction 
Epstein was sentenced to 21 months in federal prison for three counts of fraud. 
• SEX - Sex Offenses (Rape, Sodomy, Sexual Abuse. Pedophilia) 
CVT - Convict, Conviction 
Epstein was sentenced to 21 months in federal prison for sexually assaulting a girl 
• IPR - Illegal Prostitution, Promoting Illegal Prostitution 
CVT - Convict, Conviction 
Epstein was sentenced to 21 months in federal prison for one felony count of solicitation of prostitution 
1950 
RDC URL: 
Source Name: 
Publication: 
Publisher: 
Source URL: 
Source Description: 
https://gnd rdc.corn(wss/entity htmPentityld=94675a83lbfiac843543f3d53eb346cc4 
Factiva Article - SETL000020080126e41p0000g, 01/27/2011 
The Seattle Times 
Seattle Times 
http://globatfactiva.corNen/dularticle.asp7NAPC=S8AccessionNo=SETL000020080126e41p00009 
Extensive coverage of business and industrial firms in Seattle with particular emphasis on the aerospace 
industry. Includes articles from the First Second and Final editions. Country of origin: United States 
CopyrwohcO 2013 Regolean DateCom. inc. All ROW. Roamed Doorent prorated on 05t29O)13 11 It ce 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076489 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222673 
EFTA01379169

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379170.pdf
----------------------------------------
O 0 
zz 
mm 
O 0 
mm 
zz 
zz 
m 
CD
Z 0
• 
• 
z 
N.) 0 
NJ -4 
NJ CY) 
0) 
CO
-J CO 
OFAC RESULTS 
RDC: 
Mail sent separately. 
PCR: 
Mail sent separately. 
BIS RESULTS 
Negative Media: 
There was no information found 
Non-Negative Media: 
Not Ramrod 
Other Language Media: 
Not Requital 
Public Records: 
Search: 
Public Records : Comprehensive Person Report 
Terms: 
first-name(Jeffrey) last-name(Epstein) state(NY) radius(30) 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone
SSN 
Page 1 
1. 
EPSTEIN, GEOFFREY C 
WOOLEYS LN E 
086-54-XXXX 
EPSTEIN SR, GEOFFREY C 
GREAT NECK, NY 11021.1515 
(NY:1974-1975) 
EPSTEIN. GEOFFREY 
NASSAU COUNTY 
,SSN linked to multiple 
EPSTEIN SR, JEFFREY 
119-CutTent) 
people 
(Gender: Male) 
(DC6: 12/1967) 
EPSTEIN G 
LexID(stn) 000753636793 
(4)94: 45) 
(00/1999-Current) 
AUR Research Profile 
modified 6:182(107 
8475 MAIN ST 
JAMAICA, NY 11435-1624 
For internal tee onl) 
I ,ast 
EFTA01379170

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379171.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz m 
5 
m m 
zz 
-I 
> > 
I— I—
(I) 
—4 
m 
O 
?) 
Dc
C)
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
QUEENS COUNTY 
/04.14.13) 
TAVRCFF MATTHEW OR 
(Curren) Leafing Name) 
SUFFOLK COUNTY 
07)2005-02/2013) 
TAVRCFF MATTHEW DR 
(Current Listing None) 
QUEENS COUNTY 
(09/1999-0V2013) 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(07)2012-07/2012) 
+Tax Relum Preparation Service 
iNenspaper facility 
(05/2003-05/2003) 
KINGS COUNTY 
(1011992-01/2002) 
NASSAU COUNTY 
(0611996-08/2000) 
NASSAU COUNTY 
EPSTEIN IRA 
(Current Listing Name) 
2. 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY MARK 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY M 
(NJ.1964-196.5) 
EPSTEIN MD. JEFFREY M 
SUFFOLK COUNTY 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
1C1/199-Currenl 
lexiD(sm)■ 
EPSTEIN, JEFFRET 
EPSTEIN. J 
(Gender: Male) 
!Phone may be disconnected 
(DOB: 04/1951) 
(Age: 02) 
ABR Research Profile 
modified 6:1R2007 
:Area code may change 
SUFFOLK COUNTY 
(06)2000-Currerd) 
For internal the onl> 
Page 2 
Last 
EFTA01379171

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379172.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz m 
5 
m m 
zz 
—I 
r• > 
r-
-4 
m 
C)
cp 
CD 
IA 
z O 
cP 
o 
• Z 
O 
DJ V 
A
-4 40 
OD A 
Page 3 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
3. 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY M 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY 
(NY:1971) 
ESPTEIN. JEFF M 
(Gender Male) 
LO41D(sm) 000752553365 
(DOB: osnose) 
(Aga: 56) 
ABR Research Profile 
modified 6:18/2007 
For internal me onl> 
Last 
EFTA01379172

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379173.pdf
----------------------------------------
O 0 
zz m 
mm 
zz 
-I 
r• r 
-
C 
XO 
C 
-4
—4 
m 
0) 
CD 
z0 
cp 
0
c z 
O. 
O 
N.) 0 
NJ V 
NJ 
0'
Os rO 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY M 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY MATHESON 
EPSTEIN. JEFF 
(Conde, Malol 
(GOB 
(Pee 
;Phone may be disconnected 
KINGS COUNTY 
(01t1983-04:1956) 
KINGS COUNTY 
(19334983) 
KINGS COUNTY 
EPSTEIN JEFF 
(091994-Cutrent) 
KNOX COUNTY 
1252009-02/2013) 
I J 
(Current Listing Nam) 
(102002-1112002) 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
EPSTEIN JEFF 
(Current Listing Name) 
'Phone & ZIP code contact 
(NJ:1966.1967) 
LeitID(sm)■ 
6. 
GILBERT. JEFFREY C 
GILBERT, JEFFREY 
(NJ:1963.1964) 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY 
ONONDAGA COUNTY 
(Gent
ili 
09/19
1SISI
Curtent 
LexID(sm 
(DOB 
(P46: 
GILBERT JEFFREY 
(09/I991-Currenl) 
ONONDAGA COUNTY 
(10.1986-10,1836) 
7. 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY I 
EPSTEIN SR. JEFFREY I 
(NY:1972-1973) 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
NASSAU COUNTY 
EPSTEIN, JEFF 
(O4/t996-Current) 
LexID(sm 
AM Research Profile 
modified 6:19/2007 
For internal me onl> 
Page 5 
Last 
EFTA01379173

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379174.pdf
----------------------------------------
O 0 
zz 
71 
mm 
zz 
> > 
r 
r-  
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
-o 
(Gender: Male) 
970-949.5011 
(/) 
(DOB: 1111940) 
EPSTEIN JEFFREY 8 RENEE 
(Age: 72) 
(Current Listing Name) 
(DOG:04/1941) 
(AP: 72) 
(DOB: 11/1950) 
ORE 02) 
NEW YORK. NY 100280913 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
O  
(06J2000-Current) 
EPSTEIN MICHAEL 
(Current Using Name) 
EPSTEIN RENEE 
(Current Listing Nam) 
0) 
ABR Research Profile 
modified 6:IR2007 
EPSTEIN RENEE 
(Current Listing Name) 
8-0913 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(082000-Current) 
EPSTEIN MICHAEL 
(Current Listing Nam) 
EPSTEIN RENEE 
(Current Listing Name) 
EPSTEIN RENEE 
(Current Listing Name) 
NEW YORK. NY 10022-3506 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(061198742/2010) 
/Newspaper facility 
/General medical or surgical nospdal 
;Social Services Fatality 
;phone may be disconnected 
:phone 8 ZIP code conflict 
.Phone & Address may come! 
/Phone may be disconnected 
CUSHMAN RD 
SCARSDALE. NY 10583.3404 
WESTCHESTER COUNTY 
(12,1988-2037) 
;Phone may he disconnected 
For internal me onl> 
Page 7 
Last 
EFTA01379174

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379175.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz m 
mm 
zz 
-I 1 
• 
I-
-0 
C 
C 
m 
O 
?) 
cp 
Dc
Page 8 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(09/1973-04/19/36) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(01/1983-04/1926) 
13. 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY STEVEN 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY S 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN. JEFF S 
EPSTEIN. JEFF 
EPSTEIN. J 
(Gender: Male) 
(122008-Curren° 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(Age: 
(06/2000-042013) 
ABR Research Profile 
modified 6:132007 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(052011.09.2011) 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(062000-092010) 
(122008-042C09) 
01;2004.11/2008) 
(062004-112008) 
/Social Services Faceay 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(042006-04,2006) 
(02:1990-062034) 
ROCKLANO COUNTY 
(03/1990-10/1999) 
ROCKLANO COUNTY 
(0111990-09/1999) 
(05/1996.0711995) 
For internal me onkt: 
(NY:1979-1960) 
ISSN linked to mufliple 
people 
LexID(sm 
Last 
EFTA01379175

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379176.pdf
----------------------------------------
O 0 
Z-n 
Page 9 
mm 
z z 
-I 1 
> 
> 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
-D
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(08'1994.05x1998) 
—1 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(01/1996-0711996) 
-n 
m 
ALBANY COUNTY 
(07(1992.0S,I9a3) 
X) 
14. 
EPSTEIN, JEFFEREY 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY M 
IIIIIIM 
(NY:1984-1986) 
C) 
EPSTEIN P. JEFFREY M 
(SSN linked to mulliple 
cD 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY MICHAEL 
) 
People 
EPSTEIN JR, JEFFREY MICHAEL 
ION 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
LexID(sm) 
EPSTEIN JR. JEFFREY 
"%Phone may be disconnected 
Pander Male 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
ESPOSITO JOSEPH 
(Cunenl Listing Name) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(11/2008.042012) 
RICHMOND COUN 
(102004.11:2011) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(10.2010.102010) 
KINGS COUNTY 
(02/2008-02/200B) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(032007-03/200T) 
UN 
(1212006-12/20M 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(otwooemeame) 
z 
• O 
cp 
RICHMOND COUNlY 
IO (0 
(122003-01/2005) 
tp 
C Z 
I 
-< 
ABR Research Profile 
0.
fp 0 
 6:18/2007 
• 
Cb 
For internal the onl,t.r 
• 
Cit 
Co 0 
a 
Last 
EFTA01379176

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379177.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
O 0 
zz 
m 
5 
m m 
zz 
-I 
r• > 
r-
O
O 
-4 
m 
O 
C) 
CD 
IA 
O z O 
cp 
O O
c z 
o, 0 
• 
--s/ 
rs.) cn
Cn cn 
co 0 
Cri 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
15. 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY I IRA 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY I 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY T 
EPS11EN. JEFFREY I 
IRA. EPSTEIN JEFFREY 
(Gender. Male) 
(008:091941) 
(A90: 72) 
ABR Research Profile 
modified 6:18/2007 
For internal use .sd, 
Page I0 
Last 
EFTA01379177

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379178.pdf
----------------------------------------
O nO
f3 
zz 
m 
mm 
zz 
-I 
r• r 
-
-D
-4
—4 
m 
C)
cp 
tei 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
(02/2008-02/2008) 
MIDDLETOWN, NY 10941-5909 
ORANGE COUNTY 
112005-02/2008) 
:Phone may bo disconnected 
NEW WINDSOR. NY 12553-6501 
ORANGE COUNTY 
(01:1999.04:2004) 
NEW WINDSOR. NY 12553-6501 
ORANGE COUNTY 
001)
'Phone may be disconnected 
NEW WINDSOR. NY 12563.7411 
ORANGE COUNTY 
.11-08/2000) 
LONG BEACH. NY 11561.2412 
NASSAU COUNTY 
Page I 1 
16. 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY E 
HELENE CT 
EPSTEIN SR, JEFFREY E 
STATEN ISLAND, NY 10309-2005 
(ILIIM3) 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY ERIC 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
;SSN linked to midliple 
EPSTEIN SR, JEFFREY R 
44.01
 .)
people 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY 
(Gender: Male) 
- LAI
M
J ATOP 
loxiD(sm):000752539765 
(006: 02/1956) 
(Current Letting Name) 
(PCP: 55) 
HERBER CT 
STATEN ISLAND, NY 10309 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(112010-112010) 
SLAYTON AVE 
STATEN ISLAND, NY 103144976 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
LAKU
won) 
AKJP 
(Curren) Listing Name) 
STATION AVE 
STATEN ISLAND, NY 10309-2719 
O 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
Z O 
Wil
"°)
-< CP 
I 
(0 
U 
KIP 
(Current Listing Name) 
C Z 
-< 
ABR Research Profile 
I 
fp o 
N.3 0 
modified 6:18/2007 
Ka
ea a 
For internal ar e onk 
O 0 
C. 
N> 
Last 
EFTA01379178

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379179.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz 
m 
mm 
zz 
-I 1 
I-  
• 
e-
ll 
-4 
m 
C)
CD 
z O 
cp 
O
c z 
o, O 
Cn cn 
co 0 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
17. 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY ALAN 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY A 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
FOSTEIN, JEFFREY 
(Oe 
(DOB 
(Age: 
(DOB 
vae: 
(DOB 
464e: 
ABR Research Profile 
modified 6:1812007 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(0171998-01/1998) 
ion 
VRLAKU FtAKIP 
(Current Lading Name) 
}Phone 8 ZIP code conflict 
091988.0919M) 
VRLAKU RAKiP 
(Current Listing Name) 
;Phone 8 ZIP code confict 
;phone & Address may conflict 
NASSAU COUNTY 
11/2O3
i
Curreal) 
yIshone may be disconnected 
MOM 
11/1993-0I/2012) 
")Phone may be disconnected 
NASSAU COUNTY 
(082008-0872006) 
NASSAU COUNTY 
(05/2001-05/2001) 
(1V1997-01/2CO0) 
;Library 
"Addressing & Letter Service
Secondary School 
/Phone may be disconnected 
;Phone 8 ZIP code conflict 
/Phone 8 Address may conflict 
For internal use onlr 
(NY:1979-1981) 
LexID(sni 
Paee 12 
last 
EFTA01379179

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379180.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz 
mm 
zz 
—I1 
> r 
e-
t 
C 
(a 
C 
-4 
—4 
m 
?) 
c> 
Dc
Z 
-< 
I 
co 
ci 
• 
Z 
I o -< 
c) 
0, 
NJ 0 
Co 0 
Co A 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
244 5N AVE APT 247 
NEW YORK, NY 10001.7604 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(10/1995-1011998) 
/Library 
/Addressing & Letter Service 
;Elementary or Secondary School 
t3 WELWYN RD APT 2J 
GREAT NECK, NY 11021.3507 
NASSAU COUNTY 
(0311956-0811995) 
326-8836 
26120 86TH AVE 
FLORAL PARK, NY 11001.1121 
QUEENS COUNTY 
(04(19813-02/1995) 
516326-7595 
'Phone nay bo disconnected 
145 34 AVE APT 
FLUSHING, NY 11354 
QUEENS COUNTY 
(0311986-03/1968) 
Page 13 
18. 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY S 
355 E 72ND ST APT 21J 
074-60-XXJ4X 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
NEW YORK NY 10021.4060 
(NY:1971.1973) 
LOWE. JEFFREY S 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
)SSN linked to muthple 
(Gendbilik 
(112012-Cumsel) 
people 
(D06 
(84)e: 49) 
355 E 72140 ST APT 21J-E 
LexID(sm) 000752659760 
NEW YORK. NY 10021.4655 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(11(2012-032013) 
ADR Research Profile 
modified 8 1162007 
225 E 73RD ST APT 1H 
NEW YORK NY 10021.3564 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(1112004-10/2012) 
2123 BEACH VILLAGE CT APT 101 
ANNAPCLIS, MD 21403-3636 
ANNE ARUNDEL COUNTY 
(0512006052012) 
307 E 44TH ST APT 622 
NEW YORK, NY 10017-4403 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(MI992-082007) 
212-986-4423 
/phone may bo disconnected 
307 E 44 TIST 8 622 
NEW YORK NY 10017 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(12/2001-122031) 
225 E 38111 ST APT 
NEW YORK, NY 10016-3670 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
(0G/1992-0r/1993) 
212-986-4423 
/Phone may be disconnected 
For internal use out> 
I ,ast 
EFTA01379180

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379181.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz 
m 
mm 
zz 
-I 1 
• 
> r-
X1 
0) 
-4 
O
O 
-4 
m 
C)
CD 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
19. 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY S 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY 
(Gender: Male) 
(DOES: 1 1970) 
(Age: 
(DOB' 
(Age: 
KINGS COUNTY 
(122011-Current) 
KINGS COUNTY 
(03/2001-11/2011) 
(10/1999-06/2010) 
KINGS COUNTY 
) 
EPSTEIN MORRIS 
(Curren) LcIng Name) 
KINGS COUNTY 
(0snoos-oams) 
KINGS COUNTY 
(031993-012063) 
(122003.012007) 
(07/1992-01/1999) 
(NY:1971-1972) 
L.xID(sm 
20. 
EPSTEIN, JEFF 
WP
M
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY A 
(Gender: Male) 
0306r 
(2012-Cunen) 
LoxID(sm) 
SUFFOLK COUNTY 
EPSTEIN MARK 
(Omont Listing Name) 
21. 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY HARRY 
IIIIIII
M
O 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY H 
(CA:1978-1979) 
Z O 
(Gender: Male) 
-( IP 
03013: 
(112010-Curren0 
LexID(sm 
O O 
0) 
OW • 
o
Z -‹ 
ABR Research Profile
inO , 
K3 O 
modified 6:182007 
N a 
For internal me onl). 
O/ 0 
O 
CD cn 
Page 14 
last 
EFTA01379181

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379182.pdf
----------------------------------------
O
• 0 
zz m 
5 
m m 
zz 
-I 1 
> 
I-  e-
t C 
(13 
C 
-4
O
-4 
m 
C)
0) 
CD 
O 
z O 
cp 
O O
c z 
m 
• 
•••I 
M 0) 
• 
(3) 
No. Full Name 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
22. 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY M 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY 
(Gender: Male) 
A 
(DOE: 
(DOE 
(DOD: 
(Ago at Death'. 
ABR Research (4o0le 
modified 6:18/2007 
SANTA CLARA COUNTY 
(07/2003-0S/2013) 
KINGS COUNTY 
(09/2009-08/2011) 
(09/2008/03/2011) 
QUEENS COUNTY 
(0512001.Ctirrent) 
(02/2002-Cunenl) 
(11/2004-03/2013) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(09/1991.03/2013) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
010) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(02/2005-02/2005) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(11/1997-02/2005) 
KINGS COUNTY 
(10/200410/2034) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
(002004.032004) 
RICHMOND COUNTY 
ill 
) 
STATEN ISLAND. NY 
Fur internal the onl> 
Page I 
(NY:1964-1966) 
ASSN assocalli 
(N :1954-1956) 
LexID(am 
Last 
EFTA01379182

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379183.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• O 
zz m 
mm 
zz 
-I 
r• > 
r-
C 
-D
-4
C 
m 
C)
CD
z0 
O 0 
3z 
N.) O 
• 
*-4 
M O) 
CD 
I%) C
• 
O0 
No. Full Name 
EPSTEIN SR. JEFFREY M 
(Gender: Male) 
(DOB: 11/1908) 
(Age: 64) 
37. 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY L 
EPSTEIN. JEFFREY 
(Gender: Male) 
(DOB: 10/1902) 
(Age: 70) 
Search 
Terms: 
Date/Time: 
Permissible Use: 
Page 17 
Address/Phone 
SSN 
Public Records . Comprehensive Person Report 
first-name(Jeffrey) last-name(Epstein) state(NY) radius(30) 
Tuesday. May 28. 2013 6:16 PM 
DPPA - Debt Recovery/Fraud 
GLBA - Legal Compliance 
Copyright 
2013 LexisNexis. a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
D& B: 
Not Required 
LEGAL RESULTS: 
Court Cases: 
Lex' s- Diligence 
Check Name: ((PARTY(Jeffrey w/3 Epstein))) 
LexID(un) 049578770059 
Lex1D(sm):173094947099 
Report Created: Tuesday, May 28, 2013 18:13:00 (GMT-5:00) by 
Ashish Kumar Sain 
Source: U.S District Courts, Civil and Criminal Filings (Docket 
Summary) 
Cost Code: KYC8700-28052013180833-6229367 
ABR Research Profile 
modified 613,2007 
ForiMmulusemly 
Last 
EFTA01379183

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379184.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
O 0 
Page 1 
mm 
Z Z 
-I -I 
• 
> r-
-o 
C 
A 
" 1 THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2010 
CourtLink Corporation 
-4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
(-) 
CL v. Epstein 
PLAINTIFF: L, C 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:10cv80447 
FILING DATE: 3/31/2010 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra, Kenneth A 
REFERRED TO: Magistrate Judge Johnson, Linnea R 
NATURE OF SUIT: 320 Assault, Libel & Slander 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Fed. Question: Personal Injury28 USC 1331 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Kuvin, Spencer Todd [COR LD NTC] 
Leopold Kuvin 
2925 Pga Boulevard Suite 200 
Fax: 
Email: 
to 
z0 
3z
O , 
c, O 
N., O 
• 
•-•/ 
cn 
cn 
O 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
Pike, Michael James [COR LD NTC] 
ABR Research 17°11k 
modified 6' 13.2007 
Fur internal use only 
Last 
EFTA01379184

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379185.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz 
m 
mm 
zz 
r• r
C 
XO 
-4 
m 
C)
z0
CD
to 
cp 
• z 
1%.) Cb 
Cri 
-• 
a 
CL v. Epstein 9:10cv80447 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
Email: 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 06/24/2010 12:00:00 AM 
M3R Research Prolik 
modified 6,13.2007 
For internal the 0111% 
Page 2 
Last 
EFTA01379185

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379186.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
Page 3 
mm 
z z 
r• > 
r-
-o 
C 
*** THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2010 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Jane Doe No 103 v. Epstein 
rn
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe No 103 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:10cv80309 
FILING DATE: 2/23/2010 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra, Kenneth A 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Personal Injury28 USC 1391 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Ezell. Katherine Warthen ICOR LD NTC] 
Podhurst • rseck osefsber. Et Al 
Josefsberg. Robert C (COR LD NTC) 
dhurst Orseck Josefsberg Et Al 
z0 
cp 
3z
o 0 
NJ CD 
Cn 
cn 
AI3R Research Norsk 
modelled 6, 182(1/7 
For internal ac only 
Last 
EFTA01379186

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379187.pdf
----------------------------------------
O
• 0 
zz 
T 
5 
Jane Doe No 103 v. Epstein 9:10cv80309 
m m 
zz 
> > 
r r- 
Fax: 
Email: 
-o 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
Pike, Michael James [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Boulevard Suite 400 
-n 
West Palm Beach, FL 
A 33401-2918 
Fax: 
Email: 
(-) 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 05/19/2010 1200:00 AM 
rn
CD 
z0
rn
cp 
c 0z
. 
0. 0 
Ni 
IV 0) 
Ot (71 
C.0 —I,
0) D..) 
AI3R Research Profik 
modified 6' l21-2007 
For internal u'c onl‘ 
Page 4 
Last 
EFTA01379187

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379188.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
Z-n 
Page 5 
mm 
z z 
r > 
r-
mo 
C 
*** THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2012 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
LM v. Espstein 
cp 
PLAINTIFF: LM 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
WITNESS: Jean Luc Bruhnel Material 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:09cv81092 
FILING DATE: 7/24/2009 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra, Kenneth A 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Personal Injury28 USC 1391 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
DEMAND: $ 1,000,000 
STATUS: Case Closed 
z0
to
cp 
3z
0. O 
N O 
M CA
O) CA 
--4 Ca) 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Edwards, Bradley James [COR LD NTC] 
Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos & Lehrman PL 
425 N Andrews Avenue Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale. FL, USA 33301 
AI3R Research Profile 
modified 6'13.2007 
For internal ac only 
Last 
EFTA01379188

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379189.pdf
----------------------------------------
• C> 
O 0 
zz 
'71 
mm 
zz 
-I 1 
> r 
r-  
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
-o 
Pike, Michael James [CDR LD NTC] 
c 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
c 
- 1 
-4 
-rt 
m 
c> 
A 
LM v. Espstein 9:09cv81092 
o> 
rn 
z 
-< co
3z 
< 
0 
NJ 0 
03) 
C» 
A 
Email: 
Robert Deweese Critton, Jr [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
Email: 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 07/20/2010 12:00:00 AM 
ABR Research Profik 
modified 6./8:2007 
For internal ac only 
Page 6 
Last 
EFTA01379189

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379190.pdf
----------------------------------------
• (-) 
O 0 
Page 7 
mm 
z z 
r• r
-o 
C 
A 
*** THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2011 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Doe No 8 v. Epstein 
rn
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe No 8 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
WITNESS: Jean Luc Bruhnel Material 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:09cv80802 
FILING DATE: 5/28/2009 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra, Kenneth A 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Personal Injury28 USC 1391 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
z0
to
cp 
3z
0. 0 
 •• -•I 
NJ CD 
CO
A
CO
<0 (TS 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Horowitz, Adam D (COR LD NTC) 
Mermelstein & Horowitz PA 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2218 
A 33 
Mermelstein, Stuart S [COR LD NTC1 
,BR Research Prof& 
modified 6' l21-2007 
Fur internal we only 
Last 
EFTA01379190

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379191.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz 
5 
Doe No 8 v. Epstein 9:09cv80802 
m m 
zz 
> > 
Mermelstein & Horowitz PA 
-o 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2218 
c 
Miami, FL, USA 33160 
cr) c 
- 1 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
-n 
Pike, Michael James [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
P 
303 Banyan Boulevard Suite 400 
h 
West Palm Beach, FL, USA 33401-2918 
a> 
Robert Deweese Critton, Jr [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Boulevard Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL, USA 33401-2918 
tn 
z 
-< 
3z 
O 
o Ö 
F..) O 
03) 
O -I,
C71 
O O) 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 06/25/2010 12:00:00 AM 
ABR Research Profik 
rreoditied 6:I21-2007 
For internal tew only 
Page 8 
last 
EFTA01379191

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379192.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
Z
-n 
Page 9 
mm 
z z 
r > 
r-
-o 
C 
*** THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2009 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Doe No 102 v. Epstein 
cr) 
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe No 102 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
AMICUS: United States of America 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:09cv80656 
LEAD DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08-cv-80119-K 
FILING DATE: 5/1/2009 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra. Kenneth A 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Personal Injury28 USC 1391 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Ezell, Katherine Warthen [COR LD NTC] 
z0
IA
cp 
3z
o 0 
DJ 
—I,
^4 
AI3R Research Profik 
modified 6'13.2007 
Email: 
For infernal ac only 
Last 
EFTA01379192

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379193.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
z z 
m 
Page 10 
o o 
Doe No 102 v. Epstein 9:09cv80656 
m m 
z z 
—i 
r • r— 
Josefsberg. Robert C [COR LD NTC] 
-o 
Podhurst Orseck Josefsberg Et Al 
City National Bank Building 25 W Flagler Street Suite 800 
- t 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
o 
Pike. Michael James [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Boulevard Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL, USA 33401-2918 
Robert Deweese Critton. Jr [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Boulevard Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL, USA 33401-2918 
ADDITIONAL PARTY ATTORNEY(S): 
FOR THE AMICUS 
Villafana, Ann Marie C [COR LD NTC] 
United States Attorney's Office 
500 East Broward Blvd 7TH Floor 
Ft Lauderdale, FL, USA 33394 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 12/08/2009 12:00:00 AM 
z0
rn
cp 
3z
c, 0 
N., 0 
K.) 
NJ 
V CA 
—I, 
AI3R Research Prolik 
modelled 6, 182(1/7 
For internal ac only 
Last 
EFTA01379193

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379194.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
Z Z 
-n 
Page 11 
mm 
Z Z 
r
> 
r-
-o 
C 
" 1 THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2010 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Doe No 101 v. Epstein 
rn
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe No 101 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
AMICUS: United States of America 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:09cv80591 
LEAD DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08-cv-80119-K 
FILING DATE: 4/17/2009 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra. Kenneth A 
REFERRED TO: Magistrate Judge Johnson, Linnea R 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Fed. Question: Personal Injury28 USC 1331 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
z0
IA
cp 
c 0z
0. O 
N O 
O) 
O -• 
(C. 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Ezell, Katherine Warthen [COR LD NTC] 
Podhurst Orseck Josefsberg Et Al 
City National Bank Building 25 W Flagler Street Suite 800 
Miami, FL, USA 33130-1780 
,BR Research Prolik 
modified 6'13.2007 
For internal we only 
Last 
EFTA01379194

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379195.pdf
----------------------------------------
o 0 
O 0 
zz 
m 
mm 
zz 
r• > 
r-
Doe No 101 v. Epstein 9:09cv80591 
Fax: 
Email: 
Josefsberg Robert C [COR LD NTC] 
Podhurst Srseck osefsber. Et AI 
Email: 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
Pike. Michael James [COR LD NTC] 
Robert Deweese Craton, Jr [COR LD NTC] 
Lefkowitz. Jay P [COR LD NTC] 
Shumsky. Michael D [COR LD NTC] 
Kirkland & Ellis 
ADDITIONAL PARTY ATTORNEY(S): 
FOR THE AMICUS 
Villafana. Ann Marie C [COR LD NTC] 
Email: 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 12/08/2009 12:00:00 AM 
Rcscarch Prolik 
moditicd 6'13.2007 
For internal tee only 
Page 12 
Last 
EFTA01379195

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379196.pdf
----------------------------------------
Doe No 101 v. Epstein 9:09cv80591 
i. 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076521 
SDNY_GM_00222705 
EFTA01379196

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379197.pdf
----------------------------------------
• C) 
O
ZZ 
'71 71 
Page 14 
mm 
z z 
r• > 
r-
mo 
C A 
" 1 THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2010 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
c) 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Doe II v. Epstein et al 
cp 
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe II 
CD 
DEFENDANT: 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
AMICUS: United States of America 
WITNESS: Jean Luc Bruhnel Material 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:09cv80469 
FILING DATE: 3/24/2009 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra, Kenneth A 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Federal Question28 USC 1331 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Edwards. Bradley James ICOR LD NTC] 
Farmer Jaffe Weissinq Edwards Fistos & Lehrman PL 
z0 
cp 
3z
, 
0. O 
NJ C) 
NJ 
NJ O) 
CA 
O) 
CD ND 
ND 
AI3R Research Profik 
modified 6' l21-2007 
Email: 
For internal ac only 
Last 
EFTA01379197

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379198.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz 
v5 
mm 
zz 
-I -1 
• 
e-
t 
C 
2:0 
C 
-4 
O
-4 
m 
?) 
c> 
1:1) 
fn 
C z 
I 
co 
3z -< 
ABR Research Profik 
• 
I .ast 
1%./ 0 
modified 6'18.2007 
N./ V 
1.J 
For internal use only 
A) 
Doe II v. Epstein et al 9:09cv80469 
Garcia, Isidro Manuel [COR LD NTC] 
Email: 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
Reinhart, Bruce [COR LD NTC] 
Pike, Michael James [COR LD NTC] 
Robert Deweese Critton, Jr [COR LD NTC] 
1111SEmail: 
ADDITIONAL PARTY ATTORNEY(S): 
FOR THE AMICUS 
Villafana, Ann Marie C [COR LD NTC] 
' 
rn ' 
fi 
Email: 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 07/08/2010 12:00:00 AM 
Page 15 
EFTA01379198

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379199.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
ZZ 
"0 71 
Page 16 
mm 
z z 
rr
-o 
C 
*** THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2009 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Palm Beach Marine Construction, Inc v. Epstein 
PLAINTIFF: Palm Beach Marine Construction. Inc 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:09cv801 75 
FILING DATE: 2/11/2009 
JURISDICTION: Diversity 
JUDGE: Senior Judge Ryskamp, Kenneth L 
NATURE OF SUIT: 220 Foreclosure 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Diversity28 USC 1332 
JURY DEMAND: None 
DEMAND: $ 105,000 
STATUS: Case Closed 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
* rt 
l xn r 
NTC] 
Email: 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
William hester Brewer r 
OR LD NTC] 
\lilt Reward) Profile 
modified 6' l21-2007 
For internal we only 
Last 
EFTA01379199

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379200.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz 
m 
mm 
zz 
-I 1 
r 
XO 
-4 
m 
C)
C) 
CD 
Cn 
Z cp 
3z
o, 
o 0 
• 
0) 
l•-) 
C0O VI 
Palm Beach Marine Construction, Inc v. Epstein 9:09cv80175 
Email: 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 10/26/2009 12:00:00 AM 
M3R Research Profik 
modified 6' l21-2007 
For internal ac only 
Page 17 
Last 
EFTA01379200

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379201.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
ZZ 
-n 
Page 18 
mm 
z z 
r > 
r-
mo 
C A 
" 1 THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2011 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Jane Doe No 7 v. Epstein 
cp 
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe No 7 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
AMICUS: United States of America 
WITNESS: Jean Luc Bruhnel Material 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08cv80993 
FILING DATE: 9/10/2008 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra. Kenneth A 
REFERRED TO: Magistrate Judge Johnson. Linnea R 
NATURE OF SUIT: 710 Fair Labor Standards Act 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Personal Injury28 USC 1391 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
z0
to
cp 
3z
, 
0. 0 
N., 0 
O 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Herman, Jeffrey Marc [COR LD NTC] 
Istei 
AI3R Research Profik 
modified 6' l21-2007 
For internal ac only 
Last 
EFTA01379201

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379202.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
Z-n 
Page 20 
mm 
z z 
r > 
r-
mo 
C 
*** THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2011 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Jane Doe No 6 v. Epstein 
cp 
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe No 6 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
AMICUS: United States of America 
WITNESS: Jean Luc Bruhnel Material 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08cv80994 
FILING DATE: 9/10/2008 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra. Kenneth A 
REFERRED TO: Magistrate Judge Johnson. Linnea R 
NATURE OF SUIT: 710 Fair Labor Standards Act 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Federal Question28 USC 1331 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Herman, Jeffrey Marc [COR LD NTC) 
Herman & Mermelstein 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2218 
Miami, FL, USA 33160 
,BR Research Prolik 
modified 6'13.2007 
For internal we only 
Last 
EFTA01379202

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379203.pdf
----------------------------------------
O 0 
O 0 
zz m 
mm 
zz 
-I -I 
r• 
2. 
r-
-o 
x• 
Horowitz. Adam D [COR LD NTC] 
Mermelstein & Horowitz PA 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2218 
T 
Miami FL 
A 33 
Mermelstein, Stuart S [COR LD NTC] 
Mermelstein & Horowitz PA 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2218 
Miami FL 
A 331 1. 9. 
Fax: 
Email: ■ 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
Pike, Michael James ICOR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Boulevard Suite 400 
ach, MS 
-2918 
Fax: 
Email: 
Jane Doe No 6 v. Epstein 9:08cv80994 
Fax 
s
- 
<.> 
nded 06/ 10/ 2010</ I> Email: 
Robert Deweese Critton, Jr [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Boulevard Suite 400 
a:
l -2918 
Fax: 
Email: 
ADDITIONAL PARTY ATTORNEY(S): 
[COR LD NTC] 
United States Attorney's Office 
500 South Australian Ave Suite 400 
P Im 
ach, F 
3401 
Fax: 
Email: 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 06/25/2010 12:00:00 AM 
AI3R Research Profik 
modified 6'13.2007 
For infernal ac only 
Page 21 
Last 
EFTA01379203

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379204.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 
Z Z 
Page 22 
mm 
z z 
r• > 
r-
-o 
C 
*** THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2012 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Doe V. Epstein 
cp 
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Jeffrey Epstein 
Amicus: United States of America 
Material Witness: Jean Luc Bruhnel 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08cv80893 
FILING DATE: 8/13/2008 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Kenneth A. Marra 
REFERRED TO: Magistrate Judge Linnea R. Johnson 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: no cause specified 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
zO
rn
cp 
O
3z 
, 
0. 0 
N 0 
6.) a 
V 
 CP 
(.4 
a 
Co 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Bradley James Edwards [LEAD ATTORNEY:ATTORNEY TO] 
Fistos & Lehrman PL 
AI3R Research Profile 
modified 6 '13.2007 
For infernal ll:SC only 
ast 
EFTA01379204

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379205.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
C) 
O 0 
Z
-n 
Page 24 
mm 
z z 
r• > 
r-
mo 
C A 
" 1 THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2010 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
CMA v. Epstein et al 
cp 
PLAINTIFF: CMA 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Kellen, Sarah: 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
AMICUS: United States of America 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08cv80811 
LEAD DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08-cv-80119-K 
FILING DATE: 7/21/2008 
JURISDICTION: Diversity 
JUDGE: Marra, Kenneth A 
REFERRED TO: Magistrate Judge Johnson, Linnea R 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Diversity28 USC 1332 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Willits, Richard Horace [COR LD NTC) 
Richard H Willits PA 
z 
• 0 
cp 
2290 10TH Avenue North Suite 404 
• 0
• z 
ABIZ Research Profile 
O 
fp O 
NJ O 
modified 6' l21-2007 
N O) 
For internal we only 
Col 
Last 
EFTA01379205

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379206.pdf
----------------------------------------
zz 
m 
mm 
zz 
-I 1 
r 
m 
C)
C) 
CD 
Cn 
Z cp 
3z
, 
c, 0 
N., 0 
CO 
Co A 
CMA v. Epstein et al 9:08cv80811 
ADDITIONAL PARTY ATTORNEY(S): 
FOR THE AMICUS 
[COR LD NTC] 
United States Attorney's Office 
500 East Broward Blvd 7TH Floor 
Ft L 
I FL, 
A 33394 
Fax: 
Email: 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 01/25/2010 12:00:00 AM 
AI3R Research Profik 
modified 6' l21-2007 
For internal ac only 
Page 26 
Last 
EFTA01379206

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379207.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
O 0 
Z
Z 
'71 71 
Page 27 
mm 
z z 
r• > 
r-
-o 
C 
A 
*** THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2008 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Doe v. Epstein et al 
to 
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Robson, Haley; 
Kellen, Sarah; 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08cv80804 
FILING DATE: 7/18/2008 
JURISDICTION: Federal Question 
JUDGE: Marra, Kenneth A 
REFERRED TO: Magistrate Judge Johnson, Linnea R 
NATURE OF SUIT: 890 Other Statutory Actions 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Federal Question28 USC 1331 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
Z cp 
O
3z 
m 
DJ V 
DJ O) 
V CA 
-) 41 
co cr. 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Leopold, Theodore Jon [COR LD NTC] 
Leopold kuvin, PA 
2925 Pga Boulevard Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL, USA 33410 
561-515-1400 Fax: 561-515-1401 Email: TLEOPOLD[#064]LEOPOLDKUVIN.COM 
AB12 Research Prolik 
modified 6' l21-2007 
For internal we only 
Last 
EFTA01379207

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379208.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz T 
5 
Doe v. Epstein et al 9:08cv80804 
m m 
zz 
> > 
r- 
Kuvin, Spencer Todd [COR LD NTC] 
-o 
Ricci Leopold 
zio 
2925 Pga Boulevard Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens. FL. USA 33410 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
-n 
o 
Goldberger, Jack Alan [COR LD NTC] 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Avenue South Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL, USA 33401-5012 
Pike, Michael James [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
515 N Flagler Drive Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL, USA 33401-2918 
rn 
Z 
• 0 
cp 
3• z
0, 
I).) O) 
V CA 
N.) C.) 
O O) 
Robert Deweese Critton, Jr [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
515 N Flagler Drive Suite 400 
West Palm Beach. FL. USA 33401-2918 
Lewis, Guy Alan [COR LD NTC] 
Lewis Tein 
3059 Grand Avenue Suite 340 
oconut i
l i m
r.ve FL 
A 33133 
Tein, Michael Ross [COR LD NTC] 
Lewis Tein 
3059 Grand Avenue Suite 340 
Coconut Grove, FL. USA 33133 
McGrath, Jason A [COR LD NTC] 
McIntosh Sawran Peitz & Cartaya 
1601 Forum Place Suite 1110 
West Palm Beach. FL. USA 33401 
McIntosh, Douglas Malcolm [COR LD NTC] 
McIntosh Sawran Peitz Cartaya & Petruccelli 
ABR Research Prolik 
modified 6' l21-2007 
Fur internal we only 
Page 28 
EFTA01379208

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379209.pdf
----------------------------------------
O• 0 
zz 
m 
mm 
zz 
r• r 
-
XO 
O0 
m 
C)
C) 
CD 
z0 
cp 
3z
0 
N.3 0 
M 
-.4 0 
N.) C4
Doe v. Epstein et al 9:08cv80804 
1776 E Sunrise Boulevard PO Box 7990 
Fort Lauderdale. FL. USA 33338-7990 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 10/06/2008 12 00 00 AM 
AI3R Research Prolik 
modelled 6,IR2Ott7 
For internal the 0111% 
Page 29 
Last 
EFTA01379209

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379210.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
O 0 
Z-n 
Page 30 
mm 
z z 
r• > 
r-
mo 
C A 
" 1 THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2013 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Doe V. United States Of America 
cp 
Intervenor: Roy Black; 
Martin G. Weinberg; 
Jeffrey Epstein; 
Jay Lefkowitz; 
Bruce Reinhart 
Petitioner: Jane Doe 
Respondent: United States of America 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08cv80736 
FILING DATE: 7/7/2008 
JURISDICTION: U.S. Government Defendant 
JUDGE: Kenneth A. Marra 
NATURE OF SUIT: 440 Other Civil Rights 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: no cause specified 
JURY DEMAND: None 
z0 
cp 
3z
, 
N., 0 
NJ V 
M CO
V CO 
C.) 
6.) CO 
ADDITIONAL PARTY ATTORNEY(S): 
FOR THE Intervenor 
Jacqueline Perczek [ATTORNEY TO BE NOTICED] 
FOR THE Intervenor 
Jacqueline Perczek [LEAD ATTORNEY;ATTORNEY TO] 
Black Srebnick Kornspan & Stumpf 
201 S Biscayne Boulevard Suite 1300 
A812 Research Profile 
modilicd 6 ' 13.2007 
For internal ll:SC 
Last 
EFTA01379210

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379211.pdf
----------------------------------------
o o 
O 0 
zz 
m m 
5 
Doe V. United States Of America 9:08cv80736 
m m 
zz 
-i -I 
> > 
r r- 
FOR THE Res ondent 
[LEAD ATTORNEY:ATTORNEY TO] 
c 
A 
United States Attorney's Office 
v
500 South Australian Ave Suite 400 
West P Im B ach, iiiiill 
o 
-4 
Fax: 
m 
o 
FOR THE Respondent 
?) 
[LEAD ATTORNEY:ATTORNEY TO] 
United States Attorney's Office 
A 
Ne 4 Street 
Miami FL 
A 33132 
a) 
Fax: 
Email: n 
CD 
z0
rn
cp 
3z
o O 
• 
*-4 
DJ CD 
1• t• 1
' 
O 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 03/29/2013 12-00:00 AM 
AI3R Research Prolik 
modelled 6, I S.20tt7 
For internal ac only 
Page 32 
Last 
EFTA01379211

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379212.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
O 0 
T 
Page 33 
mm 
z z 
r• > 
r-
mo 
C 
*** THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2011 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Doe No 4 v. Epstein 
cp 
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe No 4 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
AMICUS: United States of America 
WITNESS: Jean Luc Bruhnel Material 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08cv80380 
FILING DATE: 4/14/2008 
JURISDICTION: Diversity 
JUDGE: Marra. Kenneth A 
REFERRED TO: Magistrate Judge Johnson, Linnea R 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Diversity28 USC 1332 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Herman, Jeffrey Marc [COR LD NTC) 
(/) 
Herman & Mermelstein 
z 
• 0 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2218 
cp 
Miami, FL, USA 33160 
I'I 0z 
-< 
ABR Research Prolik 
Ni 0 
modified 6 IS 2007 
E
For internal use only 
cri 
Last 
EFTA01379212

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379213.pdf
----------------------------------------
O 0 
O 0 
zz 
mm 
zz 
-I -I 
• 
r-
-o 
Horowitz. Adam D [COR LD NTC] 
Mermelstein & Horowitz PA 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2218 
-n 
Miami FL 
A 33
(-) 
Doe No 4 v. Epstein 9:08cv80380 
co 
zO
to
o in 
O
• 
Z 
-< 
0 
N.3 0 
K.) •-•/ 
cn 
re) r.> 
a
Fax 
li
s
- 
<.> 
nded 06/ 10/ 2010<1 I> Email: 
Mermelstein, Stuart S [COR LD NTC) 
Mermelstein & Horowitz PA 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2218 
Miami FL 
A 331I m
Fax: 
Email: 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
Epstein. Jeffrey [COR LD NTC] 
East 71ST Street 
New York, NY, USA 10021 
Pro Se 
Goldberger, Jack Alan [COR LD NTC] 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, PA 
250 Australian Avenue South Suite 1400 
Fax: 
Email: 
Pike, Michael James [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Boulevard Suite 400 
st Palm 
ach, FL 
A 33401-2918 
Fax: 
Email: 
Robert Deweese Critton, Jr [COR LD NTC] 
Burman Critton Luttier & Coleman 
303 Banyan Boulevard Suite 400 
ach, Fill, 
-2918 
Fax: 
Email: 
Tein, Michael Ross [COR LD NTC] 
Lewis Tein 
3059 Grand Avenue Suite 340 
e 
ligliFa
FxL:',11 
Email: 
AI3R Research Profik 
modified 6' l21-2007 
For internal ac only 
Page 34 
Last 
EFTA01379213

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379214.pdf
----------------------------------------
(-) (-) 
O 0 
zz 
T 
5 
Doe No 4 v. Epstein 9:08cv80380 
m m 
zz 
r• r
-o 
ADDITIONAL PARTY ATTORNEY(S): 
FOR THE AMICUS 
[COR LD NTC] 
United States Attorney's Office 
500 South Australian Ave Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, 11.13401 
Fax: 
Email: 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 06/25/2010 12 00 00 AM 
rn
CD 
z0
to
cp 
c 0z
o 0 
 •• -•I 
DJ CD 
-Id V 
--4 4.) 
AI3R Research Prolik 
modelled 6,I3.20o7 
For internal tr..: onl‘ 
Page 35 
Last 
EFTA01379214

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379215.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 0 
O 0 
Z-n 
Page 36 
mm 
z z 
r• > 
r-
-o 
C 
A 
" 1 THIS DATA IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY*" Copyright © 2011 
CourtLink Corporation 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
-n 
o 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
?) 
(West Palm Beach) 
Doe No 5 v. Epstein 
cp 
PLAINTIFF: Jane Doe No 5 
CD 
DEFENDANT: Epstein, Jeffrey 
AMICUS: United States of America 
WITNESS: Jean Luc Bruhnel Material 
DOCKET CASE NUMBER: 9:08cv80381 
FILING DATE: 4/14/2008 
JURISDICTION: Diversity 
JUDGE: Marra. Kenneth A 
NATURE OF SUIT: 360 Personal Injury 
FILING TYPE: Civil 
CAUSE: Diversity28 USC 1332 
JURY DEMAND: Plaintiff 
STATUS: Case Closed 
z0
to
cp 
3z
m 
• 
*-4 
DJ 03 
; 
A 
PLAINTIFF ATTORNEY(S): 
Herman. Jeffrey Marc [COR LD NIG] 
Herman & Mermelstein 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard Suite 2218 
Miami, FL, USA 33160 
AI3R Research Profik 
modified 6' l21-2007 
For internal ac only 
Last 
EFTA01379215

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379216.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
4-) 
O 0 
zz 
11 
E) 
mm 
zz 
-I1 
> > 
g-  e-
t 
C 
C 
- 1 
-4 
-r1 
m 
(:) 
tn 
Z• 
-( 0 
3z 
in 
o 
" 0 
KI *-4 
'Ni V 
mtn 
Doe No 5 v. Epstein 9:08cv80381 
Horowitz, Adam D [COR LID NTC] 
Mermelstein. Stuart S [COR LD NTC] 
Mermelstein & Horowitz PA 
Email: 
DEFENDANT ATTORNEY(S): 
Goldberger. Jack Alan [COR LD NTC] 
r& 
A 
Pike. Michael James [COR LD NTC] 
Email: 
Robert Deweese Critton, Jr [COR LD NTC] 
Tein. Michael Ross [COR LD NTC] 
ADDITIONAL PARTY ATTORNEY(S): 
FOR THE AMICUS 
Villafana, Ann Marie C [COR LD NTC] 
Auk Research Kolik 
moditied 6' ig-2007 
For iffiernal use only 
Page 37 
Last 
EFTA01379216

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379217.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
O 0 
zz 
m 
mm 
zz 
r• r
C 
O
O 
m 
C)
C) 
CD 
z0 
cp 
3z
c, 0 
N., 0 
• 
•-•/ 
NJ co 
Doe No 5 v. Epstein 9:08cv80381 
THE COURT UPDATED THIS RECORD ON: 06/25/2010 1200:00 AM 
ABR Research Profile 
modified 6:18/2007 
For internal the onl‘ 
Page 38 
Last 
EFTA01379217

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379218.pdf
----------------------------------------
CASE COMMENTS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076547 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222731 
EFTA01379218

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379219.pdf
----------------------------------------
— Forwarded by Amanda Kirby 
on 08/12/2013 05:38 PM ---
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
To 
PWMUS AMLKYC 
Date: 
06/12/2013 10:54 AM 
Subject. 
Fw. Jeffrey Epstein _RDC Aleit.Jeffrey Epstein_PCR Alert (I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
Please see RDC Alerts below: 
RDC Alert #1: 
- This is our client. The accounts which we will be opening will not be in Jeffrey Epstein's name. 
They will be in the name of 2 companies he controls and should not pose a reputational risk 
- Also attached is an email from Chip Packard saying that he does not believe that there is any 
reputational risk in taking this client on. 
PCR Alert #1 and #2: 
- Not our client. Our client is Jeffrey E Epstein and these alerts pertain to Jeffrey S Epstein. 
Please approve clearance 
Kind regards, 
Amanda Kirby 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Securities offered through Deutsche ',Mies 
Inc 
— Forwarded by Amanda Kirby: 
on 06/12/2013 10:52 AM ---
From. 
PWM BIS-Research 
To 
Amanda Kirby 
Cc: 
PWMUS AMLKYC 
Date: 
05/2912013 11.43 AM 
Subject 
Jeffrey Epstein 
RDC Alert.Jeffrey Epstein_PCR Alert III 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076549 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222733 
EFTA01379219

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379220.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Amanda, 
Attached is an alert for the party mentioned above. Please note that clearance from compliance is 
required prior to KYC approval. 
Please follow the instructions below: 
Forward explanation of whether the alert pertains to your client directly to compliance. 
Receive confirmation from compliance that alert can be removed from the queue. 
Include copies of all responses along with your KYC. 
Jeffrey Epstein _RDC Alert 
E t: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
ROC Alert.pdf 
Epstein _RDC Alert 1.pdf 
Chip approval.pdf 
Jeffrey Epstein_PCR Alert 
_PCR Alert 2 pdf 
Thanks 
Ashish 
Jeffrey Epstein_PCR Alert.pdf 
"IL 
a 
Jeffrey Epstein_PCR Alert.1.pdf 
Jeffrey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076550 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222734 
EFTA01379220

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379221.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Prini 
DB PWM GLOBAL KYC/NCA: PART A 
kA
KYC Case # : 01082293 
One sheet must be established per relationship - list all accounts included in the relationshi 
1. Relationship Details 
Relationship Name: 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY RELATIONSHIP:00000483290 
Booking Center: 
New York 
Relationship Manager: 
Paul Morris 
Relationship to PWM: 
• 
New PWM Relationship 
• 
Existing PWM Relationship 
If existing, please indicate since when the relationship exists, provide reason for new profile and attach old profile: 
How Was the Chent(s) 
Inuviluced? Hon long has the 
RM personally known the 
client? 
• 
Client Referral 
am Prospect 
Intermediary/PIM 
Other Source (CIB, etc.) 
Please provide details (e.g. name of referral source, how many years RM personally has known client, etc.): Jeffrey Epstein was 
a client of Paul's at JP Morgan. Paul and Jeffrey Epstein had a mutual friend/colleague who introduced them while Paul was at 
JPMorgan. Over the course of a few meetings Paul was able to get Jeffrey t0 bring some of his funds over to 3PMorgan 
Does Deutsche Bank pay a 
retrocession or similar 
compensation to a third party 
for the introduction of this 
relationship? 
II Yes 
III No
(If Yes, describe): 
List all existing and new accounts involved in this relationship 
Legal Entity 
Account(s) 
Account Name / Number 
Opening Date (intended/actual) 
Southern Financial, LLC 
8/19/2013 
M 
Southern Financial, LLC 
8/19/2013 
• 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
8/19/2013 
IN 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
8/19/2013 
Who is the primary contact 
person for the RM? (Note: This 
person needs to have signatory 
rights and/or information right 
for the accounts.): 
Jeffrey Epstein 
''' 
Preferred method of 
contact(indicate phone no., fax 
no., e-mail address, etc.): 
Status : 6. Approved 
https://dbfurceph.my.salestorce.comi...RveE5gb3INcTRSTXpWYSxhWjAlopYZIowaXNvem1MciRwemIEFIXWmtNR0po&autoMapValues-1(7/10/2019 11:18:17 AM( 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076551 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222735 
EFTA01379221

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379222.pdf
----------------------------------------
K YC Friel 
One sheet must be established for each account to be opened 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Southern Financial, LLC 
Acct. Number (if available): 
Account Manager: 
Paul Weds 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory account, custody services, long-term investment, payment/expense account)? Money 
Market. To hold funds far the company. 
Indicate 
• 
• 
• 
• 
from where the assets are expected to amve? 
DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution (Indicate name & location): JPMorgan, NYC 
Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques, ...): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for the account (indicate estimated number and volume per month)?: Roughly 2 inflows & 
outflows per month ranging from 51.000 to $10,000. 
What Is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. 90 days after opening? 
150,000 
I Currency 
I USD
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. one year after opening? 
I 150,000 
I Currency 
I USD
Does/will the client have Assets Under Management (AuM) 
within DB under Eur. 3M? 
• 
YeS U No 
Please list all parties related to the account 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party. 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• If none of the check boxes apply, describe the party's relation to the account in the "Other column. 
• Always describe the relationship between the parties in the last column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/underlying Beneficial Owner(s). 
_egal 'Oescriptico 
Entity if Source 
of Wealth 
-equired 
Parties 
related to 
this 
account 
AccountbIC 
Holder OwnerTrust 
Setdor of 
/ 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Ultimate 
Beneficial 
Owner 
Signatorwlmited‘Rnancial 
x Full 
VA 
POA 
ntermediarySharehcider 
,FIM) 
Significant 
(>=25%y'Ion- 
PIC entity 
(indicate 
ownership %) 
egal 
Representative 
Srantor/Setdorcoundingather 
Oonor 
(please 
describe 
other roles 
and/or 
ndicate 
relationship 
between 
parties) 
Sole 
shareholder 
of Southern 
Trust; 
O 
• 
S.
.
. 
Epstein 
— 
• 
O 
❑O
• 
• 
• 
• 
O 
O 
Southern 
cinanoal 
LLC 
O 
O 
O 
• 
O 
O 
• 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
Southern 
CoMp 
Company, 
Inc. 
000 
100
O 
Southern 
Trust is the 
sole 
member of 
Southern 
and J
Financeffrey 
Epstein is 
the sole 
shareholder 
of Southern 
Trust; 
hope dbforcepb.my.saltsforce.com:...Rveriqb3INeTR5TXpWYSAIWjA I cjIlYllcuaXNvemlMcjRwem IJISIXWmiNROpo&autoMapValues 1)7110x2019 II: IR: I7 AM) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076552 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222736 
EFTA01379222

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379223.pdf
----------------------------------------
K YC Prini 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Southern Financial, LLC 
Acct. Number (if available): 
Account Manager: 
Paul Morris 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory account, custody services, long-tern investment, payment/expense account)? Checking 
account to hold funds for the company. 
Indicate 
• 
• 
• 
• 
from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution (Indicate name & location): 3PMorgan, NYC 
Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques, ...): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for the account (indicate estimated number and volume per month)?: Roughly 10 inflows 
and 10 outflows per month ranging from $1,000 to $10,000. 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. 90 days after opening? 
50,000 
I Currency 
I USD 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. one year after opening? 
200,000 
I Currency 
I USD
Does/will the client have Assets Under Management (AuM) 
within DB under Eur. 3M? 
O Yes O No 
Please list all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party. 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• If none of the check boxes apply, describe the partys relation to the account in the "Other" column. 
• Alveys describe the relationship between the parties in the last column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/undertying Beneficial Owner(s). 
-egal 
Enbty 
Desaipbon 
of Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties 
related to 
this 
account 
AccountPlC 
Holder OwnerTrust 
Setdor of 
/ 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Jlbrnate 
3eneficial 
Owner 
Signatory1/4imitednancial 
x Full 
>OA 
>OA 
kntermediarySharehdder 
,FIM) 
Significant 
(>=25%)Non- 
PIC entity 
(indicate 
OwnersNp %) 
.egal 
lepresentabve 
Donor 
,please 
describe 
other roles 
and/or 
ndicate 
relationship 
between 
oarties) 
Srantor/Sadoi—ounding 
• 
• 
3effreY
Epstein 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
• 
O 
Sole 
of Southern 
rn 
Trust; 
O 
O 
Southern 
‘inancial 
LLC 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
• 
O 
O 
• 
• 
O 
Southern 
Twat
Company, 
Inc. 
O 
O 
O 
• 
• 
MI 
II 
100 
O 
• 
O 
Southern 
Trust is the 
sole 
member of 
Southern 
Financial 
and Jeffrey 
Epstein is 
the sole 
shareholder 
of Southern 
Trust; 
hope dbforcepb.my.saltsforce.com:...Rveriqb3INeTR5TXpWYSAIWjAlejllYllcuaXNvemlMcjRwemIJI.FIXWmiNR0po&autoMapValues 1)7110x2019 I I: IR: I7 AM) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076553 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222737 
EFTA01379223

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379224.pdf
----------------------------------------
KNC Prini 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Acct. Number (if available): 
Account Manager: 
Paul Morris 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory account, custody services, long-tern investment, payment/expense account)? Checking 
account. To hold funds for company 
Indicate 
• 
• 
• 
• 
from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution (Indicate name & location): 3PMorgan, NYC 
Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques, ...): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for the account (indicate estimated number and volume per month)?: Roughly 10 inflows 
and 10 outflows per month ranging from $1,000 to $10,000 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. 90 days after opening? 
50,000 
I Currency 
I USD 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. one year after opening? 
100,000 
I Currency 
I USD
Does/will the client have Assets Under Management (AuM) 
within DB under Eur. 3M? 
O Yes O No 
Please list all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party. 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• I none of the check boxes apply, describe the partys relation to the account in the "Other column. 
• Alveys describe the relationship between the parties in the last column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/undertying Beneficial Owner(s). 
-egal 'Descripdon 
Entity of Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties 
"dated to 
this 
Account 
AccountPlC 
Holder OwnerTrust 
Setdor of 
/ 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Jltimate 
3eneficial 
Owner 
Signatory1/4imitednancial 
x Full 
POA 
POA 
kntermediarySharehdder 
,FIM) 
Significant 
(>=25%)Non- 
PIC entity 
(indicate 
ownersNp %) 
.egal 
lepresentative 
,please 
describe 
other roles 
and/or 
ndicate 
relationship 
between 
oarties) 
Srantor/Sadoi—ounding 
Donor 
O 
O 
EpjeffreY 
stein 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
Sole 
of 
share
outh
holder 
S
ern 
Trust; 
O 
O 
Southern 
Trust 
Company, 
nc. 
• 
• 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
III 
hope dbforcopb.my.salosforcc.com:...Rva.5qb3INcTR5TXpWYSAIWjAlcjIlYllcuaXNvemlMcjRwcmIJI.FIXWmiNR0po&autoMapValucs 11710:2019 II:IR:17AM) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076554 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222738 
EFTA01379224

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379225.pdf
----------------------------------------
KNC Nun 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
'Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Acct. Number (if available): 
Account Manager: 
Paul Morris 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory account, custody services, long-tern investment, payment/expense account)? Money 
Market account. To hold funds for the company. 
Indicate 
• 
• 
• 
• 
from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution (Indicate name & location): 3PMorgan, NYC 
Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques, ...): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for the account (indicate estimated number and volume per month)?: Roughly 2 inflows & 
outflows per month ranging from $1,000 to $10,000 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. 90 days after opening? 
50,000 
I Currency 
I USD 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. one year after opening? 
150,000 
I Currency 
I USD
Does/will the client have Assets Under Management (AuM) 
within DB under Eur. 3M? 
O Yes O No 
Please list all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party. 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• I none of the check boxes apply, describe the partys relation to the account in the "Other column. 
• Alveys describe the relationship between the parties in the last column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/undertying Beneficial Owner(s). 
-egal 'Descripbon 
Entity of Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties 
"dated to 
this 
Account 
AccountPlC 
Holder OwnerTrust 
Settlor of 
/ 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Jltirnate 
3eneficial 
Owner 
Signatory1/4imitednancial 
x Full 
POA 
POA 
kntermediarySharehdder 
,FIM) 
Significant 
(>=25%)Non- 
PIC entity 
(indicate 
Ownership %) 
.egal 
lepresentabve 
please 
iescribe 
other roles 
and/or 
ndicate 
relationship 
between 
oarties) 
Srantor/Sadoi—ounding 
Donor 
O 
O 
jeffreY
Epstein
Southern 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
Sole 
of 
Trust; 
O 
O 
Southern 
Trust 
any 
omp
, 
nc. 
• 
• 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
IIII 
hope"dbforccpb.my.saltsforc.c.corn:...Rva.5qb3INcTR5TXpWYSAIWjAlcjIlYllcuaXNvemlMcjRwcmIJI.FIXWmiNR0po&autoMapValucs 11710:2019 II:IR:17AM] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076555 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222739 
EFTA01379225

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379226.pdf
----------------------------------------
KY(' Prini 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Southern Financial LLC - 00000483882 
Type of Entity: 
Foundation/Association • Trust 0 Company 0 Estate 
Purpose of Entity: 
Purpose of Entity
Other (specify): 
Private Investment 0 
• Partnership 
fhilanthropic/Charitable • Commercial 
Type of Entity Other (specify): 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
LIS Virgin Islands 
Date of incorporation / 
registration: 
2/25/2013 
Volcker Status: 
Volcker Flag: 
AddresS (city, street, post 
code): 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 St Thomas 00802 US Virgin Islands 
U.S. 11N/EIN: 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, in ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations, include information about 
revocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
Southern Trust Company Inc Is the sole member of Southern Financial LLC. Jeffrey Epstein is the sole shareholder of Southern Trust Company Inc 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: Southern Trust Company Inc is the sole member of Southern Financial LLC. Jeffrey Epstein is the 
sole shareholder of Southern Trust Company Inc 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custoded: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner Of not the same persons) Southern Trust Company Inc is the sole member 
of Southern Financial LLC. Jeffrey Epstein is the sole shareholder of Southern Trust Company Inc 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship with Deutsche 
Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, supplier of goods or services)?: 
Yes • 
No 0 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
This business is funded by Jeffrey Epstein's wealth. This company was formed to hold Mr. 
Epstein's
Epstein's personal wealth and invest in different ventures. This company invests in real estate, 
commodities, etc and gets its revenue from the gains it makes in these investments. It is 
a company formed to invest the assets of Mr. Epstein 
Countries where business is transacted: 
US Virgin Islands 
Number of employees: 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth descnpton as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of Funds? 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
The initial funding in February 2013 was $1,000 from the sole shareholder of the sole managing member (Jeffrey Epstein). 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
2,000,000.00 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
1,500,000.00 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
<$1 MM 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
300,000.00 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
JPMorgan 
Country: 
USA 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
1,000,000.00 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
hope dbforcepb.my.saltsforce.com:...Rveriqb3INeTR5TXpWYSxliWjAlejllYllcuaXNvemlMcjRwemIJI.FIXWmiNR0po&autoMapValues 1(710:2019 
AM) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076558 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222742 
EFTA01379226

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379227.pdf
----------------------------------------
KY(' Prini 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. - 00000483883 
Type of Entity: 
Foundation/Association • Trust 0 Company 0 Estate 
Purpose of Entity: 
of Entity 
Purpose 
Other (specify): 
Private Investment 0 
• Partnership 
philanthropic/Charitable • Commercial 
Type of Entity Other (specify): 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
US Virgin Islands 
Date of incorporation / 
registration: 
11/18/2011 
Volcker Status: 
Volcker Flag: 
AddresS (city, street, post 
code): 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 83 St Thomas 00802 US Virgin Islands 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
66-0779861 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations, include information about 
revocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: Jeffrey Epstein is sole managing member 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodred: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner Of not the same persons) Jeffrey Epstein is sole managing member 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship with Deutsche 
Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, supplier of goods or services)?: 
Yes • 
No 0 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Consulting Services relying on Financial and Biomedical algorithms. Southern Trust is a private 
consulting company that invests the assets of their clients and gets their revenue from the return 
of these investments. Southern Trust invests in different portfolios catered to their clients and 
makes their revenue based on the returns and the fees associated with managing their clients 
assets 
Countries where business is transacted: 
US Virgin Islands 
Number of employees: 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only fa parses requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of Funds? 
Provide Evidence 
Consult and invest 
or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
fees and returns 
of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet 
client funds and gain revenue based on 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
2,000,000.00 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
1,500,000.00 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
$2 MM - 5 MM 
Potential Amount to be invested vath PWM ($): 
300,000.00 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
JPMorgan 
Country: 
USA 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
2,000,000.00 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets tinder Mgt: 
hope dbforcepb.my.saltsforce.com:...Rveriqb3INeTR5TXpWYSAIWjAlejllYllcuaXNvemlMcjRwemIJI.FIXWmiNR0po&autoMapValues 11710:2019 II:IR:17AM) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076559 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222743 
EFTA01379227

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379228.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Print 
I. Corporate Documentation Attached (Legal Entities Only) 
• Yes • No O Not Applicable 
J. Undisclosed Principal Form Complete (Intermediaries Only) 
• Yes O No O Not Applicable 
K. If Lexis/Nexis Search Results, Corporate Documents or Other Supporting Documentation is not in English, please provide an English summary of the 
nature/contents of the non-English Documentation: 
L. Special Risk Factors 
Does the account have Nexus to Special Risk Counties? 
O Yes O No 
Is the account structure unusually complex? 
O Yes O No 
Is there any indication the client set up a non operating company expressly 
O Yes O No 
for the purpose of trai i>fei ging shams to third parties? 
Is there any indication this could be a prohibited business relationship? 
O Yes O No 
Are the bearer shares identified subject to acceptable controls? 
El Yes O No 
https: ' dbforcepb.my.saltsforce.com:...Rveriqb3INeTR5TXpWYSxliWjAlejllYllcuaXNvemlMcjRwemIJI.FIXWmtNR0po&autoMapValues 117110x2019 II:IR:17AMi 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076561 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222745 
EFTA01379228

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379229.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Print 
M. Case Cements 
o records to display. 
ONSHORE APPROVALS 
Client Facing Professional (CFP): 
Paul Morris 
;Signature) 
Paul Morris 
7/17/2013 
Office Director/Business Head: 
Brian M. Biggar 
;Signature) 
Brian M. Biggar 
7/18/2013 
Regional Office Director: 
,Signature) 
AML Business Risk: 
Armen Brash 
(Signature) 
Armen Brash 
8/20/2013 
AML Conpliance: 
Janice Franklin 
(Signature) 
Janice Franklin 
8/21/2013 
LATAM/INTERNATIONAL APPROVALS 
Client Facing Professional (CFP): 
(Signature) 
Account Manager: 
(Signature) 
Global Market Team Head (GhTTH)/Sub- 
Market Team Head (SMTH): 
(Signature) 
AML Business Risk: 
(Signature) 
AML Compliance: 
(Signature) 
PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT POLICY STATEMENT: Deutsche Bank Private Wealth Management (PWM) 
worldwide is committed to professionally serve the interests of its clients. To do so. Client Facing Professionals) (I) (CFP's) 
should establish and maintain business relationships only with persons who satisfy our high standards of suitability. 
background and character. Due diligence obtained on the client must be appropriately documented by the CFP. It is the 
responsibility of CFP's to demonstrate that they know their client both at the inception of a relationship and on an ongoing 
basis. 
DECLARATION FOR ALL SIGNERS OF THIS FORM: To the best of my knowledge and belief the above information is 
correct and up to date. I confirm that I have no suspicions relating to the money laundering or unethical activities on the 
part of the client(s) and that I have followed all the procedures relating to account opening as described in the PWM 
Americas Procedures and the PWM Global KYC Policy 
(I) Client Facing Professionals (CFP's) include: Relationship Managers, Wealth Advisors, Product Officers, Brokers, Client 
https://dbfurcepb.my.salesforce.comf...RveF5gb3INcTRSTXpWYSxhWjA I cjitYZIcwa)CNvem1McjRwem 1.11.F1XWmtNROpo&autoMapValues= 1[7/10/2019 11:18:17 AM[ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076562 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222746 
EFTA01379229

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379230.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Print 
Managers, etc. 
Doubdor Bonk Americas New York I 
https://dbforccpb.my.salectorce.comr...RvcE5qb3INeTR5TXpWYSxhWjA Icji3YZIcwaXNvem.1McjRwcm111.FIXWmtNROpo&autoMapValucs-1117/10r2019 11:18:17 AMI 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076563 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222747 
EFTA01379230

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379231.pdf
----------------------------------------
II;,: „„„ 
Andrew King, CFA 
Vice President I Investment Solutions Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile +1 
Email • 
PCLfic-167,-f r Peritrot, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076565 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222749 
EFTA01379231

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379232.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 5 . 
12/31/49 
24.075 
.168 
t424.070/24.0901 
x 1 
EXCF 
At 14: 16 
Vol 78.687 0 23.911 D H 24.099D L 23.880 D Val 1.888M 
Ep 04.4. 1 Ptd 
2.2 12, 
=rice 
Is 
Tri) 
1Y 
SY 
Max 
Daily 
Track 
-••• Annotate 
• Last Price 
24.075 
T High on 06/30/14 24.400 
-0- Average 
22.792 
Low on 12/11/13 20.590 
News 
Dec 
'1)13 
I lar 
Jur 
)Q74; 
Sep 
11.11.111.11 
Sec.,.rityiSn&y 
Zoom 
VaLsrr e 
MOM 
G-t 
O 
  P.- 24.500 
24.075 
,
4,
 .23.500 
r
0-23.000 
4022.500 
---- 0-22.000 
0'21.500 
0-21.000 
--- 0-20.500 
Volume 
78687.000 
L • SMAVG (15) 604.60.867 
atbaniedikowLikeiaktgibirhill 
►0.4M 
221e1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076566 
SDNY_GM_00222750 
EFTA01379232

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379233.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
9/6/2018 10:06:56 AM 
To: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: 
RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Casee01946825 II) 
Please give me a call when you can. Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Tuesday, September 04, 2018 9:57 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
• Vinita Advani 
Richard larossi 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Caseti01946825 (I) 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
We require the 'updated' approval for Prytanee LLC, thanks. 
Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CUB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, western Express Highway 
n East. Mumbai • 400063 , India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, September 04, 2018 7:24 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawa 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Vinita Advani <
>; Richard larossi 
Subject: Re: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Caset101946825 
Are we looking for exco approval for prytanee specifically or for Epstein/southern financial? 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mo 
Em 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076567 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222751 
EFTA01379233

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379234.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Sep 4, 2018, at 9:44 AM, Vijay-A Sawant 
wrote: 
Hi Stewart, 
A kind reminder of the below rejection case. Note the only pending item for this case (01946825) is as 
follows - 
C - Please check to sec if there is a memo that was accompanied by Chip Packard's approval. If there is none. I 
recommend "refreshing" the approval with current senior management. The current e-mail approval does not 
address what exactly is being discussed and approved. - Kindly provide this please. 
• 
Recent Exec approval stas obtained and attached. All alerts have been cleared. What do they need here -
an updated ExCo approval? 
Note we are looking for an 'updated' Exco approval, as requested by the AMI. team, thanks. 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
91, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, August 10, 2018 10:57 AM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 [II 
Importance: High 
Hi Brad, 
A kind reminder of the below 'updated' Exco approval request for acct Prytanee LLC under the 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP for KYC Case#01946825. 
Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIE) Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
91, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East. Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile +91 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076568 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222752 
EFTA01379234

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379235.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
Please tell them to call me if they reject this... 
• 
Still laughing 
C — Please check to see if there is a memo that was accompanied by Chip Packard's approval. If there is none, I 
recommend "refreshing" the approval with current senior management. The current e-mail approval does not 
address what exactly is being discussed and approved. - Kindly provide this please. 
• 
Recent ExCo approval was obtained and attached. All alerts have been cleared. What do they need here -
an updated ExCo approval? 
D - The address of employer for Caroline is missing. In addition, please include how long she has been with that 
company etc. — For Caroline. I have now updated Sotheby's Switzerland address & already updated that she was 
appointed there in 2012. Please advise if you have any additional points to add? 
• 
Think you. No. 
E — The "How Was the Client(s) Introduced? How long has the RM personally known the client?" field talks about 
Zorro Management. Please amend. — Updated as appropriate. 
• 
JetTmy Epstein met with Stew Oldfield on 317117 to open new aCti for other entity. This is in the 
introduction field. RM has known the client for 4 years 
F — New fields were added as part of Dbforce change last weekend. Please ensure those fields am filled out. — Please 
advise on the following additional points for this case, as appropriate: 
<image002.png> 
High Risk Countries — NO 
Shares to 3'd panics — NO 
Bearer shares, controls — NO 
Structure complex — NO 
Prohibited — NO 
Regards. 
Brad 
<image001.gif> 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New Y 
NY 10154 
Tel, 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, Aueust 01 2018 4:41 AM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case4101946825 
Importance: High 
Good Morning Brad/Stewan. 
I have received following 'new' rejection points on this case, as follows, see me comments in red below — 
Reason for Rejection:7/3I 
A — Please provide a recent document that will serve as address proof. The IRS document is from September. 2016. 
— Could you provide latest (July 18) bank statement for this entity? This should resolve this request. 
B — Nature of Business: What do they do with the artwork? Do they purchase it and re-sell it? Does the trust only 
hold artwork as assets? — As per constitutional does. the purpose of Prytanee LLC is for engaging in the acquisition, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076570 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222754 
EFTA01379235

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379236.pdf
----------------------------------------
ownership & management of artwork for investment purposes. I had already updated this but it seems they want 
more info on re-selling part. Could you advise on this please? 
C — Please check to see if there is a memo that was accompanied by Chip Pacicard's approval. If there is none. I 
recommend "refreshing'" the approval with current senior management. The current c-trail approval does not 
address what exactly is being discussed and approved. - Kindly provide this please. 
D - The address of employer for Caroline is missing. In addition. please include how long she has been with that 
company etc. - For Caroline, I have now updated Sotheby's Switzerland address & already updated that she was 
appointed there in 2012. Please advise if you have any additional points to add? 
E - The "How Was the Client(s) Introduced? How long has the RM personally known the client?" field talks about 
Zorro Management. Please amend. - Updated as appropriate. 
F - Ncw fields were added as part of Dbforcc change last weekend. Please ensure those fields are filled out. - Please 
advise on the following additional points for this case. as appropriate: 
<image002.png> 
I look forward to your response at the earliest in resolving these rejections. thanks. 
Kind Regards. 
<imagc001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B I, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Coregaon East. Mumbai - 300063 , India 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Monday. July 23. 2018 12:22 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 II] 
Importance: High 
Good Morning BradiStewan. 
A kind reminder of the below rejected cast & an update as well. 
Please note that as per latest update on CDD form delivery options (refer attached email from AML). we arc able to 
verify signatures of authorized individual from signature card. corporate resolution. etc. I am able to verify Mr 
Epstein's signature with 2017 Corp Resolution found in the repositories in this case. This resolves one of the 
rejection points below for us J 
So just summarizing the only pending item for this case now — 
• 
COGS for Prytance. LLC. (We would require the client to send latest COGS. dated within the last 6 
months) 
Let me know if you have ran• queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards. 
<image001.2,if> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076571 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222755 
EFTA01379236

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379237.pdf
----------------------------------------
Wealth Management 
Bl. DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore 
Mumbai - 400063 India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Tuesday, July 17. 2018 12:38 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case/101946825 HI 
Importance: High 
Hi Brad/Stewart. 
As discussed yesterday. kindly procure COGS dtd within the last 6 months for the acct hold* entity. 
I look forward to the Finecn form when available, thanks. 
Kind Regards. 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B I. DB Centre Mumbai Nirlon Knowledge Park Western Express Highway 
Gore Ion East. Mumbai - 400063 India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Thursday, July 12 2018 7:00 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
db.com> 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
Vijay, 
I have searched (hr and wide, and on the US Virgin Island entity search website. No sign of the COGS. Do we 
really need this for an existing account? 
Regards, 
Brad 
-cintage001.gif> 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076572 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222756 
EFTA01379237

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379238.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, Jul. 
• 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Assistance Nut 
in so mg rejection points on KY 
Importance: High 
PI 
Hi Brad, 
Many thanks for the below email.] have taken care of most of the rejection points now. 
Regarding the COGS grimy, I am looking for something like the attached. Could you advise? 
I look forward to Finccn update when available, thanks. 
Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Wednesday. July 11 2 18 8.07 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC 
[II 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Vijay, 
See below. Call if you have questions. Thanks again. 
2) The address on the LLC Agreement does not match the address in the LLC Agreement Please provide proof of 
address. 
This makes no sense - LLC agreement do not always accurately reflect address as companies move. 
Address is: 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST. THOMAS 00802 
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DB Statement is attached. CDD form in the case's attachments also reflects this. 
6) Can you please locate the full e-nail chain that proves that Chip Packards approval actually refers to Epstein's 
jail sentence? The current e-mail attachment uploaded does not refer to what is actually being discussed. 
• 
Exco approval, in attachments. from Patrick Campion. further supports. 
8) Please provide SOW verification for Jeffrey Epstein. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076573 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222757 
EFTA01379238

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379239.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
He is a Billionaire. Jeffery Epstein is a client at DB. Personal account balance = S4mn. 
• 
Last KYC including Epstein approved case # 1898372 - 2/13/2018 
9) Please complete SOW narrative for Caroline and provide SOW verification as well. 
• 
The source of wealth for Caroline Lang derives from her employment as Chairman of Sotheby's 
Switzerland. Caroline Lang is internationally recognized for her in-depth knowledge of the art market and her 
longstanding expertise in Impressionist. Modern and Contemporary an. Appointed Chairman of the Swiss 
Department of Impressionist, Modern & Contemporary An in 2012. this consummate polyglot Ms advised some of 
the most important collectors in Switzerland and worldwide. In November 2011. she played a decisive role in the 
New York sale of Abstraction-Figuration. an exceptional private collection of abstract works by Gerhard Richter 
and Max Ernst which realized a world auction record for a work by Richter at the time. Caroline Lang has also 
conducted major marathon auctions in Switzerland. the UK and Germany. including the historic week-long sales of 
works of an from Monrepos Castle in Ludwigsburg in 2000 and the Royal House of Hanover in 2005. Ms Lang also 
serves as an executive for Warner Brothers Inc..Her annual income is approx. 450k. 
• 
Sotheby's is one of the most prominent and well know art auction houses in the world. If she is the 
chairman, that should be verification. 
10) The SOW narrative for Jeffrey Epstein seems a bit outdated. It still refers to the Financial Trust 
Company as the SOW Company. However, based on the consent of board of directors meeting from 2013. Financial 
Trust Company merged into Southern Financial LLC with Southern Financial LLC as the surviving entity. Please 
updated the SOW narrative and provide research etc for the new entity. 
• 
Refer to Last KYC Approved case # 1898372 - 2/13/2018 
• 
Jeffrey Edward Epstein (born January 20. 1953) is an American financier and registered sex offender in the 
United States. He worked at Bear Stearns early in his career and then formed his own firm. J. Epstein & Co. In 2008. 
Epstein was convicted of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution, for which he served 13 months in prison. He 
lives in the US Virgin Islands. Epstein taught calculus and physics at the Dalton School in Manhattan from 1973 to 
1975. Among his students was a son of Alan C. Greenberg. chairman of Bear Stearns. 
• 
In 1976. Epstein started work as an options trader at Bear Stearns where he worked in the special products 
division advising high-net-worth clients on tax strategies. Proving successful in his financial career. in 1980 Epstein 
became a partner at Bear Stearns. 
• 
In 1982. Epstein founded his own financial management firm. J. Epstein & Co.. managing the assets of 
clients with more than SI billion in net worth. In 1987. Leslie Wexner. founder and chairman of Ohio-based The 
Limited chain of women's clothing stores. became a well-known client. Wexner acquired Abercrombie & Fitch the 
following year. In 1992 he converted a private school on the Upper East Side into an enommus residence. Epstein 
later bought that property, in the wealthiest part of Manhattan. In 1996, Epstein changed the name of his firm to the 
Financial Trust Company and. for tax advantages, based it on the island of St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
• 
In 2003, Epstein bid to acquire New York magazine. Other bidders were advertising executive Donny 
Deutsch. investor Nelson Peltz. media mogul and publisher Mortimer Zuckennan. who had the New York Daily 
News, and film producer Harvey Weinstein. They were ultimately outbid by Bruce Wasserstein. a longtime Wall 
Street investor, who paid S55 million. 
• 
In 2004. Epstein and Zuckerman committed up to $25 million to finance Radar a celebrity and pop culture 
magazine founded by Maer Roshan. Epstein and Zuckerman were equal partners in the venture. Roshan. as its 
editor-in-chief, retained a small ownership stake. 
• 
Presently, Mr. Epstein founded Southern Trust Company Inc. a private consulting company that invests the 
assets of their clients and gets their revenue from the return of these investments. Southern Trust invests in different 
portfolios catered to their clients and makes their revenue based on the returns and the fccs associated with 
managing their client's assets. 
11) Please explain in detail what this account is being used for. What are the monthly expenses of the company? 
Deposit account related to art purchase. It couldn't be clearer in the current description: 
• 
Jeffrey and Caroline share the same affinity for art and decided to become partners investing in artwork 
from up and coming artists together. They both invest equally in the purchases of the artwork. 
13) Please provide COGS for hytanee. LLC. 
• 
Explain? 
17) Please provide proof of delivery for the FinCEN form. Please ensure it was c-mailed by the same person who 
signed the form (Jeffrey Epstein). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076574 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222758 
EFTA01379239

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379240.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
Will revert shortly 
Regards. 
Brad 
<irnage001.git--
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New Y rk NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, July 06, 2018 2:12 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield ct
> 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin <bradlcv. illinadb.com> 
Subject: RE: Assistance 
in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Hi Stewart, 
Sure, you & Brad can call me Monday or Tuesday next week. Monday. I am available till 10am your time and till 
11:30am on Tuesday. 
Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl. DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park. Western Express Highway 
Gore ion East, Mumbai - 400063 . India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
+91 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, July 06.2018 12:14 AM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Let's set up a time to discuss when Brad is back next week. Some of these requests seem unreasonable. and AML 
should already have a lot of this info, particularly anything relating to Jeffrey Epstein personally (since we have so 
many accounts for him). 
As for Chip's email, it predates me. And the other people on the email are no longer at DB. So I don't see how I 
can get hold of the full email. But again. Jeffrey has been through a complete rep risk process here and has been 
signed off on repeatedly 
management as we've done any KYC reunediation or new account opening. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076575 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222759 
EFTA01379240

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379241.pdf
----------------------------------------
Anyway, let's regroup next week so we can go back to AML with a comprehensive set of responses. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin 
Subject: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 
Importance: High 
Hello Stewart, 
Hope you are well!! 
I have received the following list of rejection points on KYC Case#01946825 relating to customer — Pmtanee, LLC. 
I need your assistance in resolving below highlighted points. 
For Point 2 — As per attached constitutional doe, they (AML) are requesting to update address mentioned on Pg 11 
(Royal Palms Professional Building address). I had updated address as per Pg 28 which is the IRS letter. Please 
confirm whether to keep this address or amend it as per Pg II? 
For Point 6 — Could you provide the email that the AML team is seeking? I only have the attached email (2mpdf 
attachment) from the repositories. 
For Points 8 & 9 — Kindly provide SOW info for Jeffrey & Caroline. 
For Point 10 - This will be covered on Pts 8 & 9 
For Point II - My existing comments on the DB deposit account is "the purpose of this account is to managing the 
monthly expenses of the company" as per previous KYC. Kindly advise, please? 
For Point 13 — I am unable to procure SoS for this entity from the US Virgin Islands company registry• website -
Department of Licensing and Consumer Affairs. Kindly provide this please? 
For Point 17 — Please provide the requested email. 
Rejection: I) Please add the account number for the deposit account. 
2) The address on the LLC Agreement does not match the address in the LLC Agreement. Please provide proof of 
address. 
3) Please expand on the nature of business. What do they do with the investment in art work? Re-sell it? 
4) Richard Kahn has been tagged as a signatory. However, as per the DB Resolution uploaded under KYC —
1704382, he is not listed as a signatory. If Darren is indeed not a signatory, please remove him from this KYC. 
5) The Pierre Trust was created wider the laws of USVI. Please re-run research with that country as well. 
6) Can you please locate the full e-mail chain that proves that Chip Packards approval actually refers to Epstein's 
jail sentence? The current c-mail atlaclunent uploaded does not refer to wlhat is actually being discussed. 
7) Please attach the RDC Alert for Richard Kahn. 
8) Please provide SOW verification for Jeffrey Epstein. 
9) Please complete SOW narrative for Caroline and provide SOW verification as well. 
10) The SOW narrative for Jeffrey Epstein seems a bit outdated. It still refers to the Financial Trust Company as the 
SOW Company. However. based on the consent of board of directors meeting from 2013. Financial Trust Company 
merged into Southern Financial LLC with Southern Financial LLC as the surviving entity. Please updated the SOW 
narrative and provide research etc for the new entity. 
I I) Please explain in detail what this account is being used for. What are the monthly expenses of the company? 
12) Please complete the 90 and one year values. The one year value is listed as SI MM, however, the account 
currently has just less than ¶200K. 
13) Please provide COGS for Pounce, LLC. 
14) The account opened date in the KYC does not much the account opened date in DbForce. Please reconcile. 
15) Please add the state to Darren Indyke and Richard Kahn's address. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076576 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222760 
EFTA01379241

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379242.pdf
----------------------------------------
16) Please add the TAX ID/Identification number for Caroline. 
17) Please provide proof of delivery for the FinCEN form. Please ensure it was e-mailed by the same person who 
signed the form (Jeffrey Epstein). 
18) Please provide google searches for the appropriate entities and individuals. Please ensure you use the most up to 
date search string that is located in the US country addendum to the KOPs. 
I am working on rest of the points in the meanwhile. Thanks in advance. 
Kind Regards. 
tagc001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl. DB Centre Nlumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East. Mumbai - 400063 , India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076577 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222761 
EFTA01379242

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379243.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
BCC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Stewart Oldfield 
10/12/2018 10:56:49 AM 
Bradley Giffin 
RE: Epstein - negative media [II 
Gerber Notice of Dismissal.pdf 
Case dismissal attached. Thanks 
Kimberly Hart 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 12:48 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart •r
ia; 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [I) 
Classification: For Intsrnal use only 
Kink. 
Pan of the regular research report — page 89. 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park .Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Erna 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 12:15 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
Was this returned as an RDC alert - or part of the regular Lexis/Nexis due diligence? 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076578 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222762 
EFTA01379243

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379244.pdf
----------------------------------------
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 141" floor. New York, NY 10154 
Tel. + 
Fax + 
Mobil 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 11:03 AM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Epstein - negative media 
Kim, 
This just surfaced in our latest KYC reviews. Let's discuss what info I need from the client and then next steps. Thanks 
http://www.classactionsreporter.com/sites/default/files/towers ponzi scheme complarnt.pdf 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mo 
Em 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076579 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222763 
EFTA01379244

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379245.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kimberly Hart 
Sent: 
11/1/2018 6:48:39 AM 
To: 
Stewart oldfield 
Subject: 
Re: Epstein - negative media [il 
No worries - was just checking in. How is the training? 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 11:05 PM, Stewart Oldfield < 
> wrote: 
I'm talking to his CFO tmw for more details. Missed him the last few days while I was in sales training. 
Sorry for the delay. Thanks. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 9:00 PM, Kimberly Hart < 
> wrote: 
Were you able to obtain the additional details from the client as discussed with 
Andrew? 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Com an Americas 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076582 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222766 
EFTA01379245

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379246.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
On Oct 22, 2018, at 3:39 PM, Stewart Oldfield <
wrote: 
Might be easiest to discuss. Please let me know when 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 2:30 PM 
To: Richard larossi 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin 
Stewart Oldfield 
; An rew Gallivan 
u jec : 
: ps ern - negative media [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
It is hard for me to comment without additional information. I am 
comforted by the fact that the case was dismissed but it would be 
helpful to know the following: 
(1) 
<!--(if Isupportlists1--><!--Iendifj-->Why was this suit brought 
against Mr. Epstein? What was his connection to Hoffenberg? 
(2) 
cl--(if Isupportlists1--><!--(endifJ-->What was told to you by Mr. 
Epstein or his representatives regarding the claims? Did he serve as a 
"consultant" to TFC? 
(3) 
<!--(if Isupportlistsj--><!--iendifj-->Why were the claims 
dismissed? 
(4) 
isupportLists1--><!--Iendifj-->Has Andrew reviewed the 
information and is he comfortable maintaining the relationship with Mr. 
Epstein and his related entities? 
<image001.gif). 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 141h floor, New York, NY 10154 
Tel + 
Fax « 
Mobil 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Richard larossi 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 1:36 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart
Cc: Bradley Gitlin C 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [If 
Classification: For Internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076583 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222767 
EFTA01379246

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379247.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Kim, 
I hope you had a nice weekend. 
Just wanted to follow up on the below. Attached is the Dismissal Notice 
for the latest lawsuit filed against Jeffrey Epstein. Compliance has asked 
that we obtain your approval to continue the KYC approval process. 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard larossi 
Assistant Via Proidatt 
I
Deutschc
r
g 
Bank Wealth Matut omen 
Securities offeral through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Richard larossi 
Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2018 5:22 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [I) 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Kim, 
>; Stewart Oldfield 
AML Compliance (Yoonsun) has requested that we receive your 
approval to move forward on all Southern Financial/Epstein KYC 
remediation's. 
As per your discussions with Stew regarding the latest lawsuit against 
Jeffrey, please find the attached 'Notice of Dismissal' dated 10/5/18. 
As this occurred after your approval on 10/2/17, please confirm again 
that we are comfortable moving forward. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard kaput 
Assistant Vicc Praident 
lkutsche Rank Watch \tangnitan 
SeCUli lie% offered through Deutsche Dank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076584 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222768 
EFTA01379247

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379248.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 12:15 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media DI 
Classification: For internal use only 
Was this returned as an RDC alert — or part of the regular Lexis/Nexis 
due diligence? 
<irnage001 gif> 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue le floor, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 11:03 AM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Epstein - negative media 
Kim, 
This just surfaced in our latest KYC reviews. Let's discuss what info I 
need from the client and then next steps. Thanks 
http://www.classactionsreporter.com/siteshiefault/files/towers ponzi 
scheme complaint.pdf 
<image002.png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobi 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076585 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222769 
EFTA01379248

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379249.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076586 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222770 
EFTA01379249

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379250.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Lisa-M Ramos 
Sent: 
11/5/2018 10:14:14 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Michael Coomb-Smith 
Subject: 
RE: A/c#I
• (SBL Pending) Revised SBL November 1, 2018 
I have checked the system and the address for the below account has not been updated the account will be put in SBL 
by EOD 
Lisa Ramos 
Assisiant Vice-President I WM Opetabons Americas I .1'cam Lead. Document Management 
rrrrrr 
From: Lisa-M Ramos 
Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2018 4:01 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Michael Coomb-Smith 
Subject: RE: A/C# 
(SBL Pending) Revised SBL November 1, 2018 
The following account had three consecutive statement return occurrences. The account will be placed in 
Suspended Balance Ledger (SBL) status on November 1 ,2018 if a new address is not made to FIS before 
that time. No hard copy statements will be generated (only imaged statements) and the account will be 
put on No Post until the client provides a letter to verify/change of the address. Please submit a DB Force 
case prior to November 1,2018 to Doc Management-Hold Mail with case subject Returned Mail to advise 
Doc Management on what to do with the returned items after the system is updated 
DARREN K. INDYKE PUG-ATTORNEY TRUST ACCOUNT 
5/23/2018 
3/31/2018 
DARREN K. INDYKE PUC-ATTORNEY TRUST ACCOUNT 
6/1/2018 
4/30/2018 
DARREN K. INDYKE PUC-ATTORNEY TRUST ACCOUNT 
6/28/2018 
5/31/2018 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC-ATTORNEY TRUST ACCOUNT 
10/2/2018 
8/31/2018 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC-ATTORNEY TRUST ACCOUNT 
10/17/2018 
9/30/2018 
Lisa Ramos 
Assistant Vice-President WM ()negations Americas I Team Lead. Document Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076587 
SDNY_GM_00222771 
EFTA01379250

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379251.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deu 
W • 
t Nlanag.•
'
S 
• 
ne York. NY. 101544)01. USA 
Tel. 
Email 
bttPs:vmva.inlranct.db.com'groupsm-oncrations-u 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076588 
SDNY_GM_00222772 
EFTA01379251

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379252.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIIE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
TRUST AGREEMENT dated Narmtrr I , 2007 between 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN (the "Grantor") and DARREN K. INDYKE and 
LAWRENCE NEWMAN (the "Trustees"). 
The Grantor states that he is a domiciliary of and resides in 
Little St. James Island, United States Virgin Islands. 
The Grantor hereby transfers to the Trustees the property 
described in Schedule A hereto, to be administered and disposed of as 
provided in this agreement. 
FIRST 
Until the death of the Grantor, and subject to article SECOND, 
the Trustees shall retain such property, IN TRUST, for the following 
purposes. 
(a) 
In the discretion of the Trustees, to pay any part or all of 
the income, if any, or principal (including any insurance policy which may 
be owned by the trust) to the Grantor's brother, MARK LAWRENCE 
EPSTEIN. during the term of this trust. Any income not so paid shall 
annually be added to principal. 
(b) 
Upon the death of the Grantor, to dispose of the then 
remaining principal, if any, including any insurance proceeds or other 
414314 I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076590 
SDNY_GM_00222774 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379252

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379253.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street 10005-2836 New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 1 
Fax 1 
Email yoonsunchunoadb.com 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 12:00 AM 
To: Dimitra Manley < 
Subject: FW: Epstein Insurance Trust [Ij 
Let's talk about this. 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 1 
Fax I 
Email 
From: Stewart Oldfie 
Date: Thursday. Nov 15, 2018.6:04 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung a, 
Bradley Gillin <a> 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust III 
I think that is probably true. Realistically the value in the trust only comes when the grantor dies and the life 
insurance pays out. But in the meantime, we have $276.65 sitting in cash ... 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Thursday, November 15, 2018 5:55 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust Ill 
Thank you. So Celina gets it after the grantor's death. Currently, the grantor would be the beneficiary. No? 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076591 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222775 
EFTA01379253

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379254.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front: Stewart Oidficid <=
> 
Date: Thursday. Nov 15 2018 5:39 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust III 
It's actually the following page 
Yoonsun Chung•c
> 
1. 
The Trustees hereby delete all of the beneficiaries named, pursuant to 
the January 27 instrument, as beneficiaries under the Insurance Trust entitled to the 
principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death of the 
Grantor thereof, and direct that, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, 
all the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance Trust shall be 
distributed as follows: 
A. 
One hundred percent (100%) thereof to 
if she survives the Grantor, in separate trust, the provisions of w is arc set forth in 
Section 2 below. 
B. 
If 
ive the Grantor, one 
hundred percent (l 00%) ereo to 
, if she survives the 
Grantor. 
2. 
Any property directed to be held in trust for 
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2 shall be distribute as 'allows: 
A. 
The Trustees may pay any part or all of the income and such sums 
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Thursday, November 15, 2018 5:37 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Epstein Insurance Trust DI 
> 
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
See attached. It looks like Ihey replaced the initial beneficiaries with 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076592 
SDNY_GM_00222776 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379254

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379255.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
GRANTOR'S REVOCATION OF DESIGNATION OF SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES 
WHEREAS, Jeffrey E. Epstein is the Grantor (the "Grantor") under the provisions 
of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 (the Insurance Trust"), dated 
November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the Insurance 
Trust, designations of successor Trustees may be revoked in writing by the maker 
thereof at any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Article EIGHTH of the Insurance Trust, the Grantor 
originally designated Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustees 
under the Insurance Trust in the event that the current Trustees, Darren K. Indyke and 
Lawrence Newman, cease for any reasons to act as Trustee; 
WHEREAS, both Darren K. Indyke and Lawrence Newman are currently acting 
as Trustees and neither Eva Andersson Dubin nor Abigail S. Wenxer has qualified as 
Trustee; and 
WHEREAS, the Grantor desires by this instrument to revoke the designation of 
both Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the 
Insurance Trust, the Grantor hereby revokes the Grant-TX 
esignation 
both Eva 
Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustee 
the Insurance 
Trust. 
Date: December 2 2012 
Receipt acknowledged b • 
DARREN K INDYKE, Trustee 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley GRIM 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 241h Fl 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
JEFFREY 
TOR 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076593 
SDNY_GM_00222777 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379255

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379256.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Thursday, November 15, 2018 5:31 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin < 
Subject: FW: Missed conversation with Bradley Gitlin 
Based on the trust doc, we don't think she is the bene. I will circle back tomorrow 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 1 (212) 250-4330 
Fax 1 (212) 797-2636 
Email 
From: Yoonsun Chung < 
Date: Thursday, Nov 15, 2018, 5:29 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
>, Yoonsun Chung < 
Subject: Missed conversation with Bradley Gillin 
Yoonsun Chung 3:40 PM: 
It was The 2007 Jeffrey E Epstein insurance trust 
who is the current ben 
and do you have all the info/ID on that bene 
Bradley Gillin 5;09 PM: 
We reached out to family office 
waiting on them 
thanks 
Yoonsun Chung 5:14 PM: 
Thanks 
Bradley Giffin 5:27 PM: 
UBO 
Looks like someone added her to the KYC already 
1977694 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076594 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222778 
EFTA01379256

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379257.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Stewart Oldfield I 
11/29/2018 10:16:49 AM 
Andrew King 
new list 
Research List_Oldfield_181127.xlsx 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bar* Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bar* Wealth Management 
345 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076595 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222779 
EFTA01379257

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379258.pdf
----------------------------------------
Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076596 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM 00222780 
EFTA01379258

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379259.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Location: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Andrew King 
11/30/2018 9:00:30 AM 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Review Prospects for HFs, Sirus, Clarion 
Research List_0ldfield_181127.xlsx 
T8D 
11/30/201810:00:00 AM 
11/30/2018 10:30:00 AM 
Tentative 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076597 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222781 
EFTA01379259

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379260.pdf
----------------------------------------
Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076598 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM 00222782 
EFTA01379260

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379261.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 5.8 12/31/49 $ 
At 14:16 
Vol 
EP044023 Pict 
:56  10 '28 '~4 
rataikfort(Price) 
Bloomberg 
I 
24.075 +.168 
N24.070 24.0907 
x 1 
EXCF 
78,691 0 23.911DH 24.099: 
23.880 
1.888M 
Crime 
nges... -. 
99)Actions
=1 
Prim Filler 
- 
Calculation Bloom 
  Vol Fille r 
-  
Amount 
VWMYV-WAP-Volume Value Traded' Trades 
24.0117 
. .,. . „ 
_ t, : 
24.0117 
tt,7,085 
1... ..11 Id N 
Price Table r.istl) 
Interval 0.005 Tyre Volurne 
ppc Line 
Tra di ~ t Zoom 
Bid Volume 
• Mid Vol.ume 
Ask Volume  
• 
VI4AP 
Avg Size 
339 
VWAP 
PI-, 
StdtiEW 
040044 
0.040044 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076599 
SDNY_GM_00222783 
EFTA01379261

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379262.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As 
Corinna-A Reibchen 
12/3/2018 4:38:36 PM 
'Corinna Reibchen' 
; Stewart Oldfield I 
; Daphne Cales 
; Dian Stoianov 
; Dian Stoianov 
1R/MR portfolio discussion 
2018_11_13_ACO_Stewart Oldfield_Remediation_Portfolio.xlsx 
12/4/2018 10:00:00 AM 
12/4/2018 10:30:00 AM 
Tentative 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Hello Stewart, 
As discussed here the invitation for our call. 
Thank you for your time. 
Best, 
Corinna 
Please find dial-in details below 
HOST 
US Straight-Through Dial-In: 
PARTICIPANTS 
US Straight-Through Dial-In: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076600 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222784 
EFTA01379262

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379263.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fax 
Email
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Nicole Perskawiec 
Sent: Friday, January 04, 2019 9:30 AM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
; Firdaus Madiar < 
Subject: RE: Euros purchase account 
Classification: For Memel use only 
Good Morning Brad, 
The daily limit for currency is $7,500 USD. 
Today's EUR rate is 1.165. 
Kind regards, 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
nkW IhM n 
e mn 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Thursday, January 03, 2019 5:29 PM 
To: Nicole Perskawiec < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Fwd: Euros purchase account 
Hi Nicole, 
See below. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Brad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein 
>; Bri id Macias < 
>; Daphne Cales 
>; TheBranch Staff < 
>; Brigid Macias < 
>; Daphne Cales 
Date: January 3, 2019 at 4:30:01 PM EST 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076603 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222787 
EFTA01379263

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379264.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Euros purchase account xxxx 
Bred, 
We would like to purchase Euros. Please let us know what is the limit that we can order today 
and what is the purchase rate. 
Address for Fedex: 
HBRK Associates 
Bella Klein 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076604 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222788 
EFTA01379264

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379265.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Sent: 
2/5/2019 11:52:27 AM 
To: 
Shanu (aria 
CC: 
Saurabh-C Gu 
Subject: 
RE: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 : 
Hi Rishabh/Shanu, 
We are working on it. 
; Rishabh Sharma 
; Stewart Oldfield 
• Bradl 
Gillin I 
I; Monica Gilkinson 
to I 
PWMITUS FroductionS
tort 
Regards, 
PWMIT 
Pr duc i n 
Email : 
Hotline: 
x Option 2 
DB ServiceNow URL : https://dbunity.ato.global.intranet.db.cominavpage.do 
Assignment Group: PWM IT US U 
Escalation Contacts: 
First Level • 
(Onsite) - Contact : 
(Offshore) - Contact : 
********************MittIttintnnnttienir 
nittinintefirnirsht*Ornentrifasenhtninarathfrinithfrfrfreinhlenirithits 
This email is sent to you by HCL on behalf of Deutsche Bank. 
Diese email wurde Ihnen von HCL im Auftrag der Deutschen Bank gesendet 
**444144144.1-frkf 
From: Shanu Gujaria 
Sent: Tuesday, Februa 
05, 2019 11:51 AM 
To: Rishabh Sharma 
; Stewart Oldfield 
>; Bradley Gillin 
>; Monica Gilkinson < 
Cc: 
PWMITUS ProductionSupport < 
Subject: RE: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 
Thanks 
Shanu Gujaria 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(vww.hIackberrv.coin)
From: Rishabh Sharma 
Date: Tucsday. 05 Fcb 2019 10:15 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Approved!! 
[I) 
Bradley Gitlin 
Monica Gilkinson 
Shanu 
b.com>, PWMITUS ProductionSupport
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076605 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222789 
EFTA01379265

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379266.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Team, 
The below message failed in the format validation check. 
We have cancelled the messages with no risk and responsibility on our part. 
Kindly take necessary action at your end. 
05-
FORMAT 
FEB-
El 03190205T15MRB 152481112019 103 VALIDATION AMBKTPWM BKTRUS33PWM BKTRUS33)Ca USD 150,000.00 
15:26 
FAILED 
:20:15248111 
:238:CRED 
:32A:190205USD150000,00 
:50K:, 
- BUTTERFLY TRUST 
c/o HBRK Associates, Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue,4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
:53B1999550O9 
:57D://FW/021000021 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA 
NEW YORK 
NY 
:59:/066001633 
JPMS LLC 
:70:For Further Credit toAccount number 
account 
name: Karyna Shul 
tak 
:7 IA:OUR 
E103190205T15MRB 
CREATION 05/02/201915:26:23 CREATED 
IMPORT 
ANIBKTPWM 
UNIT 
05/02/2019 
UNIT 
AMBKTPWM 
ASSIGNMENT 15:26:25 
ASSIGNED 
thin assignment rule GWIT4S.S4ISPENTO-3110 
FORMAT 05102/201915:26:25 
UNIT 
CHECK 
ASSIGNED 
Format reticular, error: 
Invalid buffer jlomat error or line 19: had character / I 
TO 
QUEUE 
05/02/2019 15:26:25 
REJECTED 
REJECT-Q 
T 
FOR 
FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED 
I REJECT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076607 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222791 
EFTA01379266

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379267.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind Regards, 
Global Messaging Operations (GMO) 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Global Messaging Operations 
Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 16-24, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
Ops Messaging Hotline: 
Kindly post all your queries to common inbox and for any urgent escalations, please contact the below; 
First Level Escalation 
Rijosh KC: 
Sunil Varghese: 
Anupam-A Kala: 
Second Level Escalation 
AblUshekSMohar 
Visit GMO at myDB GMO @ MyDB 
Information about SWIFT at swift Intranet at 08 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice. and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076608 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222792 
EFTA01379267

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379268.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Brigid Macias 
Sent: 
2/6/2019 9:37:30 AM 
To: 
Bella Klein 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: LSJE 
wires 
; Bradley Gillin 
Good Morning, 
Just sent another message to the investigation team. Yesterday they were still waiting for the bank on 
the other side to respond. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax + 
Email 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
original Message 
From: Bella Klein Cmailto: 
sent: Wednesday, Februar 
To: Brigid Macias < 
cc: Stewart oldfiel.
Subject: Re: LSJE 
Importance: High 
2019 9:17 AM 
wires 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Dear Team, 
Please help me with fed references for the international wires below. Priority is for the wire in the 
amount of 5700. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
> On Feb 4, 2019, at 12:29 PM, Brigid Macias 
> wrote: 
> 
• Good Afternoon, 
> 
• Please note all foreign wires, regardless of uSD or NON uSD can take up to 10 business days to be 
received on the other side. 
> 
• I put up trackers for the following wires. All of the wires were not put up on 2/1/19. 
> 
• 1. 
- 5700 
31 19 
Moscow 
> 
• 2. INEO - 95 Euros 
1/30/19 
96.32 Euros 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076609 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222793 
EFTA01379268

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379269.pdf
----------------------------------------
> • 3. Escuela Superior 
23,160 Euros. 
2/1/19 
23,160 Euros 
Madrid 
> • Kind regards, 
> Brigid Macias 
> • Brigid Macias 
> Assistant vice President 
> • Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
> Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
> 345 Park Avenue 
> 24th Floor 
> New York, Nv 10154 
> Tel. 
> Fax 
> Email 
> • Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
• 
Original Messa e 
> From: Bella Klein 
> Sent: Monday, Februar 04 
: 1 AM 
> To: Brigid Macias 
> Subject: LS)E 
wires 
> 
> Hi Brigid, 
> Good to have you back. Please help me with 3 fed references for wires processed last Friday: 
> • 1. 
> 2. INEO - 95 Euros 
> 3. Escuela Superior - 23,160 Euros. 
> • Thank you, 
> Bella 
> Te 
> • This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
> • Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
> • Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076610 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222794 
EFTA01379269

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379270.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
BCC: 
Subject: 
RE: JEE ICI 
Stewart Oldfield 1 
2/6/2019 12:02:52 PM 
Liam Osullivan 
Davide-A Sferrazza IU 
Classification: Confidential 
Martin Zeman 
Thanks. They will wire out Jeepers cash. Please let them know that the foundation trades have settled. Then let's send 
the fx forward info so they can unwind and free up their collateral 
From: Liam Osullivan 
Sent: Wednesday, Februa 
06, 2019 11:54 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Subject: JEE [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Martin Zeman < 
Short 
Accounts
Name 
Title 
Net Worth 
EPSTEIN 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOMAS V100802 
94619195.68 
EPSTEIN 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOMAS V100802 
17491091.33 
Collateral 
EPSTEIN 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
1291675.79 
EPSTEIN 
JEEPERS INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 83 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
3276434.57 
EPSTEIN 
THE HAZE TRUST 
UAD 02/09/99 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN & 
DARREN K 
14460470.62 
EPSTEIN 
INDYKE TTEES 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 93 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FOUNDATION INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER 
128618.06 
ST THOMAS VI 00802 
Jeepers 
Kind regards, 
Liam O'Sullivan 
— all cash 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Investments & Trading Institutional Wealth Partners 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076611 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222795 
EFTA01379270

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379271.pdf
----------------------------------------
Visit us: littp:Itcicutschcwcalth.cum. 
#Positivelmpact 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as "institutional accounts' 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment benefits and risks of. and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating and determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and financial transactions. Transactions are subject to 
relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be 
executed unless you are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is for discussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered 
through the IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage advice. IWP does not provide investment 
management or investment advisory services, and private market opportunities and other products and services available through IWP are 
offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your information and for discussion purposes only, aid does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076612 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222796 
EFTA01379271

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379272.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Sent: 
3/11/2019 4:12:48 PM 
To: 
Firdaus Madiar 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: DB_DKI to close account-pdf III 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Brad, 
Following up on the below. 
Kind regards, 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Nicole Perskawiec 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY. 10154 
Tel + 
Fax 
Email 
; Bradley Giffin I 
From: Firdaus Madiar 
Sent: Monday, March 11, 2019 2:56 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Nicole Perskawiec < 
Subject: RE: DB_DKI to close accoun 
pdf [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Brad, 
May you please sign as recipient. The following was reject, due to Nicole not being the recipient. 
Kind regards, 
Firdaus Madiar 
Firdaus Madiar 
Assistant Vice President! Assistant Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY. 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076613 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222797 
EFTA01379272

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379273.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Monday, March 11, 2019 12:42 PM 
To: Firdaus Madiar < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: FW: DB_DKI to close 
Pdf Dj 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Firdaus. 
Just confirming that this account was closed. Thanks. 
Regards. 
Brad 
Li
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
B nk W 
Email 
h Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Friday, March 08, 2019 3:20 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin < 
Cc: Firdaus Madiar 
Subject: Fwd: DB_DKI to close 
I 
I 
pdf 
> Attached please find request to close Darren K Indyke PLLC account. 
> Thank you. 
> Bella 
> Tel: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076614 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222798 
EFTA01379273

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379274.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Lisa-M Ramos 
) 
Sent: 
3/12/2019 1:53:00 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
CC: 
Michael Coomb-Smith 
Subject: 
RE: A/Ca 
Stewart, 
I have not heard back from you 
Please advice 
; Michele-M Quattrocchi 
; Bradley Gillin 
(SBL Pending) 
• Su 'e ri Olivo 
Lisa Ramos 
Assistant Vice-President WM Operations Americas I Team Lead. Document Management 
kuNche Bank W-Ilth \Tann:swot 
blips: nlydlImUrartei.dh cool groups urn-operations-us 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, February 19, 2019 1:55 PM 
To: Lisa-M Ramos < 
Cc: Michael Coomb-Smith < 
>; Michele-M Quattrocchi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: Re: A/C# 
(SBL Pending) 
; Brigid Macias 
; Daphne Cales 
>; Sujeyri Olivo < 
>; Brigid Macias 
>; Daphne Cales 
Thanks. Will sort it out next week. This account will be closed soon anyway. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Feb 19, 2019, at 1:34 PM, Lisa-M Ramos < 
> wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076615 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222799 
EFTA01379274

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379275.pdf
----------------------------------------
The following account had three consecutive statement return occurrences. The account will 
be placed in Suspended Balance Ledger (SBL) status on March 5,2019 if a new address is 
not made to FIS before that time. No hard copy statements will be generated (only imaged 
statements) and the account will be put on No Post until the client provides a letter to 
verify/change of the address. Please submit a DB Force case prior to March 5, 2019 to Doc 
Management-Hold Mail with case subject Returned Mail to advise Doc Management on what 
to do with the returned items after the system is updated 
ND KARYNA SHULIAK 
9/26/2018 
7/31/2018 
Statement 
$745.53 
I
I 
• ND KARYNA SHULIAK 
10/12/2018 
8/31/2018 
Statement 
$22,489.19
ND KARYNA SHULIAK 
10/29/2018 
9/30/2018 
Statement 
$22,166.22 
I
• NO KARYNA SHULIAK 
12/12/2018 
10/31/2018 
Statement 
$20,381.30
I
NO KARYNA SHULIAK 
1/18/2019 
11/30/2018 
Statement 
518,583.52 
<imagc00 .gif> 
Lim Ramos 
Assistant Vice-Pnzidtmt I WM Operations Americas I Team Lead. Document Management 
n.
• 
w 
h Mafia mem 345 Park AVG. Now York, NY, 10154-onol, USA 
Tel 
Emai 
lutes:, am 
mama b.eomerouosmm-overancos-us 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076616 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222800 
EFTA01379275

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379276.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
3/28/2019 12:3311 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Automatic reply: just called you back - please call when free - thanks 
Thank you for your email. I am currently traveling for work, returning Thursday April 4th. I should have fairly consistent 
access to email (other than the morning of April 3rd) but will be 6hrs ahead of NY time. 
For immediate assistance, lease contact Brad Gillin 
or Natalie Barak 
Thanks 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076617 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222801 
EFTA01379276

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379277.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Brigid Macias 
Sent: 
4/9/2019 8:46:40 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
Subject: 
RE: Wire III 
Yep 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant We President 
Deutsche Bait Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, April 09, 2019 8:36 AM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
Subject: FW: Wire [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Did you get back to her on this? Thanks 
From: Bella Klein (mailto 
Sent: Monday, April 08, 2019 4:57 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin <bradley.gillin@db.com>
Cc: Brigid Macias < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Richard Kahn 
Subject: Fwd: Wire 
Dear Brigid and Brad, 
I need to send a wire from Butterfly Trust to Barclay Bank in UK. Below is the swift code and IBAN number 
that i was instructed to use. Website doesn't accept the SWIFT. Please advise 
SWIFT: 
IBAN: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076618 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222802 
EFTA01379277

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379278.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you, 
Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-.SDNIY-0076619 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222803 
EFTA01379278

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379279.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
4/15/2019 11:28:07 AM 
To: 
Mayur Rathod I 
CC: 
Via -A Sawant I 
I Brodie Gitlin I 
I; Natalie Barak 
BCC: 
Subject: 
, Neptune LLC & 
Re: 
- GCIS # 489505, 487264 & 486426, KYC # 2075620 II) 
These accounts (and all accounts under the southern financial relationship) are being exited. No need to do any of this 
work. Thanks. 
Stewart Oldfield, CM, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Apr 15, 2019, at 9:46 AM, Mayur Rathod <rnayur.rattiod@db.com> wrote: 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Stew, 
Good Morning!! 
I am completing the 2019 HR Periodic Review for the subject client. 
*• • After reviewing all the available documents & previous KYC below is the drill down for all the three 
account holders. Please confirm if it is correct. 
- 489505 
Joint Account Holder & Auth Signor 
Karyna Shuliak 
Joint Account Holder & Auth Signor 
Neptune LLC - 487264 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Harry Beller 
Darren K. Indyke 
Richard D. Kahn 
Account Holder 
UBO, Sole Member of Neptune LLC 
& Auth Signor 
Auth Signor 
Auth Signor 
Manager of Neptune LLC 
- 486426 
Account Holder 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Grantor of 
Harry Beller 
Trustee & Auth Signor 
Erika Kellerhals 
Trustee & Auth Signor 
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076621 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222805 
EFTA01379279

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379280.pdf
----------------------------------------
Darren K. Indyke 
Karyna Shuliak 
Richard D. Kahn 
• • • Below are the details required to complete the 2019 Periodic Review :-
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
Beneficiary of 
• 
!supportLists1--><!—Iendifj-->Please confirm if there are any material changes for all the 
three account holders KYC — will need client person name you confirmed this with and date. 
• 
<!--[if Isupportlists)--><!--(endifl—>Could you please provide SOW verification (SOW 
description) for Karyna Shuliak. Also please confirm if she has dual citizenship — She has US Driver's 
License (attached) and we found an old Employment Authorization Card (also attached) which shows 
her Country of Birth as Belarus. 
• 
!supportlists]--><!--(endif]-->Primary Decision Maker for all the three account holders. 
I've already launched the case (2075620) and will raise research once we get the no material changes 
confirmation. 
Please note depending on your responses, we may require additional details/documents. 
Also would like to inform you that in coming days I'll be sending review email for other SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP accounts. 
Kindly assist with the above. 
Thanks is advance. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Tel.: + 
Email: 
<Karyna Shuliak ID.pdr> 
<Karyna Shuliak_Latest tape> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076622 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222806 
EFTA01379280

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379281.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076623 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222807 
EFTA01379281

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379282.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Brigid Macias 
Sent: 
5/6/2019 10:44:54 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
CC: 
Natalie Barak 
Subject 
RE: update Ill 
Fingers crossed!!!! 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New Y 
Tel. + 
Fax + 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
; Bradley Gillin 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, May 06, 2019 8:20 AM 
To: Bradley Gillin cBMII 
Brigid Macias 
Cc: Natalie Barak 
Subject: FW: update (II 
Classification: For Memel use only 
Almost there. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto 
Sent: Friday, May 03, 2019 4:37 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: update 
down to 9 accounts with total balances of 1.776.680 
goal is to close even thing next friday may tOth 
think you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York. NY 10022 
tel 
fa 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076625 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222809 
EFTA01379282

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379283.pdf
----------------------------------------
cell 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076626 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222810 
EFTA01379283

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379284.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bella Klein [MI 
Sent: 
5/10/2019 11:55:39 ANI 
To: 
Natalie Barak 
CC: 
Brigid Macias 
I; Richard Kahn [ 
; Bradley Gillin I 
; Stewart Oldfield 
I 
Subject: 
Re: Zorro management account 
i still need the status of the recall wire for $1200 from Neptune LLC. Please help 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On May 10, 2019, at 11:54 AM, Natalie Barak < 
wrote: 
Great, thank you. 
Natalie Barak 
vice President 1 Relat€onship Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bonk Dust Company ~nit«. 
EmaN 
Securities «feted through Deutsche Bank Socuritiet: 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Friday, May 10, 2019 11:54 AM 
To: Natalie Barak 
Cc: Brigid Macias < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard Kahn < 
Subject: Re: Zorro management account 
All 4 wires received by the vendor. Thank you.
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
>; Stewart Oldfield 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076627 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222811 
EFTA01379284

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379285.pdf
----------------------------------------
On May 8, 2019, at 12:02 PM, Natalie Barak < 
> wrote: 
Hi Bella - we will research now. 
Natalie Barak 
Vice Precedent I Relaronship Officer 
Dont.nhn Bank Wealth Management 
n:-.;ts...ne Bank I ma Coreps•By Americas 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Wednesday, May 08, 2019 11:44 AM 
To: Brigid Macias 
Cc: Natalie Barak < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard Kahn < 
Subject: Zorro management account 
>; Stewart Oldfield 
Dear Team, 
Please help to trace 4 wires to RMC Electric sent on May 3rd from Zorro Management Account 
as wires not received. 
5/03/2019 
[] 
05/03/2019 
[] 
05/03/2019 
OUTGOING 
MONEY 
TRANSFER 
TO WELLS 
FARGO 
BANK, NA 
A/C 
8408965054 
RMC 
ELECTRIC 
$1,021.85 
$107,913.96 
OUTGOING 
MONEY 
TRANSFER 
TO WELLS 
FARGO 
$1,000.45 
$108,935.81
BANK, NA A/C 
8408965054 
RMC 
ELECTRIC 
OUTGOING 
MONEY 
$2,327.25 
$109,936.26
TRANSFER 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076628 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222812 
EFTA01379285

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379286.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO WELLS 
FARGO 
BANK, NA A/C 
8408965054 
RMC 
ELECTRIC 
OUTGOING 
MONEY 
TRANSFER 
TO WELLS 
05/03/2019 
998000503151745 
FARGO 
$1,583.60 
$112,263.51
BANK, NA A/C 
8408965054 
RMC 
ELECTRIC 
Thank you, 
Bella 
bklein575 
in) il. m 
Tel: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076629 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222813 
EFTA01379286

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379287.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bella Klein 
Sent: 
5/20/2019
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
CC: 
Richard Kah 
Brigid Macias 
Subject: 
Re: Reference: Neptune account xxx3424 
Hello Team, 
Please let me know if payment was rejected.
Thank you, 
Bella 
Natalie Barak 
On May 17, 2019, at 12:12 PM, Stewart OldfieId 
wrote: 
Copying Brigid and Natalie. Thanks 
opil
From: Bella Klein [maiIt 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 20 
: 
To: Stewart 0ldfiel 
Cc: Richard Kahn c 
Subject: Reference: ep une accoun no( 
Hi Stewart, 
Please reject ACH charge from City Of West Palm Beach.
05/17/2019 12:07 PM (ET) 
Thank you, 
Bella 
PREAUTHORIZED ACH DEBIT 
$579.22 
PAYMENT 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076630 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222814 
EFTA01379287

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379288.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076631 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222815 
EFTA01379288

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379289.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Relational Junction 
Sent 
7/10/2019 6:56:21 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Butterfly Trust has been changed to an Inactive Prospect in DB Force 
All the Accounts associated to Butterfly Trust are now closed. Because there are no open accounts, 
Butterfly Trust has been changed in DB Force from a Client to a Prospect, the Status has been changed 
from Active to Inactive, and the 'Former client' field has been checked. 
If you wish to reactivate Butterfly Trust, change the Status back to Active in the Customer record. 
If you are already logged into DB Force, click here to view this record (or copy and paste the link into 
your open DB Force window): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/0016000000rrlfM 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076632 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222816 
EFTA01379289

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379290.pdf
----------------------------------------
> Subject: RE: Gratitude America. Ltd 
> Yes, rate is currently 1.8% so definitely worth moving over. If there is cash that you don't need daily 
liquidity on, can also move into CDs for an even higher rate - 2.25% for 3m, 2.6% for 6m currently. 
> We will send account dots to you as soon as possible. I'm on my mandatory two week absence starting 
Monday, so Brad will run with this. 
> Thanks. 
> —Original Message—
> From: Richard Kahn 
> Sent: Wednesday. August 08, 2018 10:43 AM 
> To: Stewart Oldfield 
> Cc: Bella Klein 
> Subject: Gratitude America. Ltd 
> can we set up an AG account with higher interest as we now have 2min in checking please advise thanks 
> Richard Kahn 
> HBRK Associates Inc. 
> 575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
> New York, NY 10022 
> lel 
> fax 
> cell 
> 
> This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this conununication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
> Please refer to hups://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
> Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
> <MFPScan2018-08-08-155330.pdf> 
•••••••• 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you 
are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this communication. My 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https.//db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076635 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222819 
EFTA01379290

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379291.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076636 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222820 
EFTA01379291

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379292.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
20181:39:34 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20180907 
RM CODE 
82289 
09/06/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,672,381.19 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
450,466.76 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
217,556.80 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
303,631.78 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
238,146.59 
TJC MEDIA VENTURES, INC. 
105,089.74 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,187,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
183,948.62 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
312,177.76 
JEGE, LLC 
284,983.43 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
241,431.86 
NES, LLC 
232,674.44 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
101,949.22 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
555,894.35 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,025,199.80 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
197,795.81 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
300,623.68 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
563,976.69 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,486,173.24 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
705,280.50 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
323,926.78 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC -
M 
268,555.60 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
35,642,184.04 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
535,257.07 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
103,074.87 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,833,267.66 
KWF 2007 LLC 
280,610.65 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,368,215.06 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
279,077.61 
CRW 2009 LLC 
254,186.02 
GEW 2009 LLC 
254,195.42 
RN CODE 
82289 
ACCT # 
09/06/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
HE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
TEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
AITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
ATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
TI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
13,548,085.31 
200,150.94 
200,150.94 
.00 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076637 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222821 
EFTA01379292

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379293.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
D 
150,623.85 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
200,150.94 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
199,960.26 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,390,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
25,170,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
250,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
GEw 2009 LLC 
C 
250,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
302,105.76 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR C 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
500,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
09/06/18
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
ODAMOUNT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
2,500,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
200,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,003,698.63 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076638 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222822 
EFTA01379293

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379294.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
10/2/2018 8:47:42 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield I 
Subject: 
wiring limit 
it appears our daily maximum is 10mm 
we would like to move to 15mm or 20mm 
can you please look into paperwork that needs to be signed 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
10/2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076639 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222823 
EFTA01379294

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379295.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076640 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222824 
EFTA01379295

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379296.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
ACCT 
ACCT # 
10/20/2018 1:26:42 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20181020 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/19/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,805,640.31 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
523,126.04 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
523,501.80 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
152,074.13 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
183,992.07 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
693,428.38 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,187,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
352,541.33 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
790,453.14 
JEGE, LLC 
255,684.99 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
162,237.24 
NES, LLC 
342,957.61 
LS)E, LLC 
514,239.55 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,967,469.08 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
432,020.36 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
299,634.51 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
217,995.84 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,470,113.49 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
705,802.21 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
314,162.94 
CRW 2009 LLC 
.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
268,754.26 
THE HAZE TRUST 
12,690,279.36 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,536,739.37 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
103,227.37 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
10,872,164.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
348,784.44 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,851,819.82 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,012,558.27 
GEw 2007 LLC 
1,012,804.68 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
2,908,413.63 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,640,284.04 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
20,671,198.45 
CODE 
82289 
10/19/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CRW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
3,818,790.49 
3,817,987.06 
13,568,129.07 
100,442.77 
100,442.77 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076641 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222825 
EFTA01379296

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379297.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT W 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
774,900.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAR M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,442.77 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,244.33 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KWP 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
SSw 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
sSw 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
302,105.76 
ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
500,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
250,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/19/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
ODO R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
200,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
500,000.00 
500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
50,007,397.26 
50,007,397.26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076642 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222826 
EFTA01379297

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379298.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 50,007,397.26 
C 25,003,698.63 
A
SHLEY 
HOLDINGS 
INC 
SHLEY 
HOLDINGS 
INC 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076643 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222827 
EFTA01379298

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379299.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: 
10/26/2018 5:06:47 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield I 
CC: 
Bradley Gill in 
Mayur Rathod I 
; Richard larossi 
; Alka Babu 
; Vinita Advani 
Subject: 
RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: 
High 
Hi Stewart, 
For Hyperion LLC andl Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc in rejected KYC 01977699 we require the following items 
mentioned in red fonts — 
(3) Please provide evidence of or a case comment regarding confirmation from the client that the information on the 
KYC is still accurate (i.e. ownership structure, signatories, etc. have not changed). The comment must include the name 
of the person spoken with and date this conversation occurred. (The attached internal email does not meet this 
requirement.) — No material confirmation email was attached to the KYC but will not suffice as per AFC. They need 
evidence of client (person) & date +confirming no material changes. 
(4) Operating Agreement for Hyperion Air LLC indicates the company is manager-managed and the initial manager was 
Lawrence Visoski. Is he still manager? Please provide evidence of the current management for this entity. — Please 
provide evidence confirming if Lawrence Visoski is still the initial manager at Hyperion Air LLC. We have re-checked the 
repositories and didn't find anything for this. 
(6) Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) for the brokerage account of J. Epstein Virgin 
Islands Foundation In., granting signing auth for Erika Kellerhals. — Will need DB Corporate Resolution for this brokerage 
account# 
(7) Per J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc brokerage account documents, Limited Trading Authority granted to Paul 
Barrett. Please add as party to the KYC with all appropriate documentation and research. Please help in getting Limited 
Trading Authority document for Paul Barrett for this account. 
For Mort Inc covered in rejected KYC Case 01983253 the following is the only pending rejection item - 
1. In addition to the provided source of wealth information, please provide info and narrative as to the source of funds 
that will be deposited into the account. — Please provide info for following blank fields, as appropriate. 
For Plan D LLC covered in KYC 01977695 following is the only pending rejection item which requires resolution — 
c. Please identify the legal reps and update the entity details page to reflect this information. The Operating Agreement 
states the company is manager-managed. An individual named Lawrence Visoski is identified as the initial manager. Is he 
still the manager of the company? Legal reps must be identified, verified, and added as parties to the KYC. Diligence 
searches are also required for legal reps. — Kindly provide the relevant doc for this, please? In your last response on this, 
you had stated "Reaching out lo diem Will reven.-
We look forward to the required dots & info. Thanking you in advance for all your help. 
Kind Regards, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076644 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222828 
EFTA01379299

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379300.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Murata' • 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile +91 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 11:32 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin < 
>; Richard larossi 
>; Alka Babu < 
Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani < 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
We've responded to many of these already. Please list only outstanding items in a single email. 
Thanks 
>; 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 10:50 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi 
>; Alka Babu <->; 
Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani < 
'db.com> 
Subject: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
As discussed, we are awaiting responses to attached emails. For Plan D, you have mentioned that you are reaching out 
to the client, so just awaiting feedback on that. 
Please note the resolution of above cases will lead to completion of ALL accounts from this relationship for 2018. 
For Jockey Club, I will respond in a separate email. 
Let us know if any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche cis Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bt, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076645 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222829 
EFTA01379300

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379301.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tel. 
Mobile I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076646 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222830 
EFTA01379301

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379302.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
11/1/2018 11:09:54 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
Re: do you have 20 mins for us now or after 2? Thanks 
yes free now 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel
fa 
eel 
On Nov I, 2018, at 11:05 AM, Stewart Oldfield < 
> wrote: 
<image001.png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076647 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222831 
EFTA01379302

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379303.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart
Sent: 
11/1/201812:07:18 PM 
To: 
Mayur Rathod I 
CC: 
Richard larossi 
; Vijay-A 
Sawant; Bradle Gillin 
; Vinita Advani 
I 
; Daphne Cales 
Subject: 
Gratitude 
Client hopes to have an answer on Gratitude by Nov. 151. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:35 AM 
To: Mayur Rathod < 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
>; Vijay-A Sawant < 
> 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [II 
No update on Gratitude. I expect to have one today 
From: Mayur Rathod 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:34 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
>; Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP DI 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Stew, 
We did get LPOA for Paul Barrett, but for other accounts. 
We have it now for J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc. — highlighted in GREEN below. All the other rejection items 
are pending. 
Also, do we have an update on Gratitude America Ltd. — are client willing to provide the documents for BV70 LLC — a 
significant donor in this KYC, or are they going to close the account. Please confirm. 
Kindly assist with the below. 
Thanks in advance. 
Regards 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076649 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222833 
EFTA01379303

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379304.pdf
----------------------------------------
Floor 1, B1, DB Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowled e Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
Tel.: + 
Email: 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2018 6:46 PM 
To: Mayur Rathod < 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
>; Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: Re: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [II 
Pretty sure we have already provided some of these. I still need to talk to the client about the remaining items. Have 
been away for 3 days in sales training with Brad, hope to call client today or tmw. 
Stewart Oldfield, GA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile  
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 9:13 AM, Mayur Rathod < 
> wrote: 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Rich, 
Hope all is well. 
Following up on the below email sent by Vijay regarding pending rejection items. 
Do we have any update on the same. 
Thanks & Regards 
cimage001.gif> 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1, Bi, DB Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowled e Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
Tel.: + 
Email: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076650 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222834 
EFTA01379304

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379305.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, October 26, 2018 2:37 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Richard larossi 
Alka Babu 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani < 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
For Hyperion LLC and.) Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc in rejected KYC 
we require the 
following items mentioned in red fonts — 
(3) Please provide evidence of or a case comment regarding confirmation from the client that the 
information on the KYC is still accurate (i.e. ownership structure, signatories, etc. have not changed). 
The comment must include the name of the person spoken with and date this conversation occurred. 
(The attached internal email does not meet this requirement.) — No material confirmation email was 
attached to the KYC but will not suffice as per AFC. They need evidence of client (person) & date 
+confirming no material changes. 
(4) Operating Agreement for Hyperion Air LLC indicates the company is manager-managed and the initial 
manager was Lawrence Visoski. Is he still manager? Please provide evidence of the current management 
for this entity. — Please provide evidence confirming if Lawrence Visoski is still the initial manager at 
Hyperion Air LLC. We have re-checked the repositories and didn't find anything for this. 
(6) Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) for the brokerage account of J. 
Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation In., granting signing auth for Erika Kellerhals. — Will need DB Corporate 
Resolution for this brokerage account# 
(7) Per J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc brokerage account documents, Limited Trading Authority 
granted to Paul Barrett. Please add as party to the KYC with all appropriate documentation and 
research. Please help in getting Limited Trading Authority document for Paul Barrett for this account. 
For Mort Inc covered in rejected KYC Case 
the following is the only pending rejection item - 
1. In addition to the provided source of wealth information, please provide info and narrative as to the 
source of funds that will be deposited into the account. — Please provide info on Jeffrey Epstein's source 
of funds. 
We look forward to the required dots & info. Thanking you in advance for all your help. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche 08 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Mana ement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076651 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222835 
EFTA01379305

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379306.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tel. 
Mobile 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 11:32 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant < 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin < 
>; Richard larossi < 
>; Alka Babu 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani < 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
We've responded to many of these already. Please list only outstanding items in a single email. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 10:50 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani < 
Subject: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
>; Alka Babu 
Hi Stewart, 
As discussed, we are awaiting responses to attached emails. For Plan D, you have mentioned that you 
are reaching out to the client, so just awaiting feedback on that. 
Please note the resolution of above cases will lead to completion of ALL accounts from this relationship 
for 2018. 
For Jockey Club, I will respond in a separate email. 
Let us know if any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Prtvate Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
91, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore on East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile + 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076652 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222836 
EFTA01379306

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379307.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Daniel
) 
Sent: 
11/8/2018 3:56:15 PM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
CC: 
Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: 
Account Planning for 2019 111 
Attachments: NY_Stewart Oldfield.xlsx 
Classification: For internal use only 
Elizabeth Good Afternoon, 
; Ashok Eastman I 
I 
As discussed at Patrick's senior banker meeting on Tuesday, we will be starting the account planning meetings for 2019 
in late 2018. The aim is to focus only on the clients and prospects with the greatest opportunities for incremental revenue 
and NNA growth. We are also limiting the number of relationships to review to 5-8 per banking team and also limiting the 
number of people in the meeting. We will look to you for guidance on invitees, including product specialists, partners, and 
even other bankers. 
To assist in choosing the accounts to review, attached is a list of your clients and protected prospects, along with 
information detailing the breakout of investments and liabilities'. On this list, we have highlighted some potential 
opportunities within the client and prospect set. For instance, we have highlighted whether an account: 
1) 
Is a current client or protected prospect (Column E) — please also feel free to choose prospects outside this list if 
more relevant 
2) 
Is KCP eligible, adopted or a KCP client (Column F) — particular focus being on clients who are KCP eligible but 
do not currently transact KCP business with us 
3) 
Relies on one product for >90% of revenue or CBV (Column G) 
4) 
Has a CBV <5% of client total net worth potentially indicating additional assets held away (Column H) 
These categories are intended to be useful indicators on which accounts are best positioned for growth, however this 
exercise will entirely defer to your judgment. We would ask however, that between now and Tuesday November 13 you 
confirm the accounts you want to plan with Andrew. For these chosen accounts, the SCM team will provide a planning 
template for you to outline the basic background and opportunities or challenges as you see them for the participants of 
the meeting — this is not intended to take significant amounts of time to complete. 
By Friday Nov 16th we want to all bankers and market heads in agreement on the final account lists (5-8 per team) for 
planning sessions and with the planning templates completed for each account. Starting Nov 261h , as schedules allow we 
would plan sessions of 90-120 minutes per banker. We will work in the interim to set-up session times in advance. Your 
flexibility with this would be greatly appreciated. 
Clearly we need to work around your other priorities, such as MTA's and year-end responsibilities including KYCs, tax 
planning, etc. and we will do our best to be as accommodative as possible! Please let the SCM team know if you have 
questions or concerns. 
*Please note that for any clients reassigned to you from departing bankers in 2018, we have included full year revenues 
given this is a planning exercise for 2019. Consequently, the revenue totals may not sum exactly to your LUNA totals 
given they include revenue still assigned to the leaver in GM1S. This view does not include any revenues booked outside 
of the US. 
Kind regards, 
Daniel Eisenberg 
Daniel Eisenberg, CFP®, CIMA®
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076653 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222837 
EFTA01379307

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379308.pdf
----------------------------------------
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 10154, 24th Floor, New York, NY 
Tel. + 
Fax + 
Mobil 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076654 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222838 
EFTA01379308

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379309.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Nov 16, 2018, at 12:47 PM, Stewart Oldfield a>
 wrote: 
Rich, 
Mark is the initial beneficiary of Jeffrey's Insurance Trust #3, so we need to ID him. Can you send a 
current copy of his passport or driver's license? 
Thanks 
<image003.png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Av 
e New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to httpsi/db.corrudisclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076657 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222841 
EFTA01379309

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379310.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076658 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222842 
EFTA01379310

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379311.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: 
11/16/2018 6:45:12 PM 
To: 
Bradley Gillin 
; Stewart Oldfield I 
Emily Craig 
CC: 
Subject: 
Daphne Cales 
RE: Epstein Insurance Trust (II 
Classification For Internal use only 
Thank you. Reassigned. 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bark 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 1 
Fax 1 
Email 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 4:49 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung < 
Cc: Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [Ij 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Emily Craig 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Deleted the Insurance Trust and returned to your queue. Thanks. 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076659 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222843 
EFTA01379311

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379312.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 4:44 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin 
Cc: Daphne Cales 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] [C] 
Stewart Oldfield 
Emily Craig 
Classification: Confidential 
SO then we cannot kill the case. I will reject it back to you and please resubmit with the clients that will need the 
regular review done. 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bark 
Wall Street. 10005-2836 New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Ema 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 4:43 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung 
Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Daphne Cales 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Yoonsun. 
Just the Insurance TrusL The others accounts below will remain open. Thanks. 
NES LLC 
Plan D LL 
The Haze Trust 
The Haze Test 
The Haze trust - 
Regards. 
Brad 
Emily Craig 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076660 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222844 
EFTA01379312

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379313.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bradley Gillin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 4:32 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust ill 
Classification: Public 
Hi, 
>; Emily Craig <
>; Bradley Gillin 
I just want to make sure. There are four clients on that KYC. All of them will be closing accounts? Thanks 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 20181:06 PM 
To: Emily Craig <->; 
Yoonsun Chung < 
Cc: Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust (I) 
Cool. Thanks everyone. Sorry for the long and winding path to get here .. . 
>; Bradley Gillin 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076661 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222845 
EFTA01379313

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379314.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Emily Craig 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 1:05 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chun < 
Cc: Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust 
Classification: Public 
Done! 
Kind Regards. 
Emily 
mlrrnmm 
Emily Craig 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
!Nola: 
St-tttriht; 
I Solth Stitti. I laltimocc, NI!) 21202-329,.. 
Mobile: 
‘vlyi Mercury en utuDil 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradley Gitlin 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 20181:02 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Emily Craig < 
>; Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust IIj 
Classification: Public 
Emily? 
I think we can. I will close both cases? 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street. 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel 1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076662 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222846 
EFTA01379314

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379315.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fax 1 
Emai 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 1:00 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung
Bradley Gillin 
Cc: Emily Craig 
; Daphne Cales 
; 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I) 
Actually, turns out that the client plans to close this account prior to year end. Can we just move it to the exclusion 
list? They also plan to close Mort, Inc, but we've already done that KYC. 
Thanks 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 12:38 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] 
Classification: Public 
Sounds good. If you can get his ID, that would be the easiest. Thank you. 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bark 
Wall Street. 10006-2836 New York. NY. USA 
Tel 1 
Fax 1 
Email 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 12:37 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung ca; 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust II) 
I think he is friends with those people, but I've never thought he was exerting political influence or should be 
deemed a PEP. Maybe we should tackle that issue at a later date assuming I can just get an ID for Mark 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076663 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222847 
EFTA01379315

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379316.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16 201812:17 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust PI 
Classification: Public 
Hello, 
So we need name, address, DOB and nationality. Then we need to verify him. In this case, the settlor is a PEP so we 
need ID. 
Do we think he is still a PEP? Is he still associated with prince Andrew? If you make a good case where he is no 
longer a PEP... then we can verify him in an alternative means — Lexis smartlinx—which you get when you run full 
searches. If you want to go this route, I would send an email to Andrew Gallivan stating why you think he should no 
longer be a PEP. He is technically an RCA (relative and close associate) to Prince Andrew and Bill clinton. Is he still 
associated with them? To the best of your knowledge, do you think he is exerting influence based on his connection 
to these PEPs? Etc. Once Andrew approves, please forward the email to me. 
If you believe he is still associated, then we need a government issued ID. 
Thank you 
Yoonsun 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street. 10005-2836 New York. NY. USA 
Tel 1 
Fax 1 
Email 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 11:56 AM 
To: Yoonsun Chung < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust Ill 
Got it. I didn't read it that way the first time, but do now. Thanks for the clarification. Now I remember why I 
decided not to become a lawyer ... 
So, what info do we need on the brother? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076664 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222848 
EFTA01379316

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379317.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thanks for staying with this one. 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 11:39 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust (I) 
Classification: Public 
Hello, 
Yes, that is the part you sent me — amendment of the benes AFTER his death. We are not interested (for the KYC 
purposes) the contingent beneficiaries. The amendment only amends the contingent beneficiaries. 
The amendment document specifically states that it is deleting all beneficiaries named under sections (b) (1) 
through (b) (6) of Article First of the Insurance Trust and added certain beneficiaries, who, upon the death of the 
grantor of the Insurance Trust, would be entitled to the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance 
Trust. Mark was listed in (b) (6), which deals with AFTER DEATH. 
However, the amendment did NOT modify section (a) of the First article, which identifies him as the person that 
could benefit from the trust until his death. 
I'm attaching the trust documents. It contains the amendment (page 4 -5 of the attachment). The original trust 
agreement follows the amendment. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076665 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222849 
EFTA01379317

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379318.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
CHANGE OF BFWEFICIARIF,5 
WHEREAS, Darren K. Indyke and Lawrence Newman are the acting Trustees 
(the "Trustees") under the provisions of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE 
TRUST $3 (the "Insurance Trust"), dated November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section (b)(7) of 
Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, by written instrument dated January 27, 2012 (the 
"January 27 Instrument"), the Trustees deleted all of the beneficiaries named under 
Sections (b)(1) through (b)(6) of Article FIRST of the insurance Trust and added certain 
beneficiaries, who, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, would be 
entitled to the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance Trust; and 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section (b)(7) of 
Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, the Trustees desire again to delete all of the 
beneficiaries, who, pursuant to the January 27 instrument, were added as beneficiaries 
entitled to principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death 
of the Grantor thereof, and to add as beneficiaries upon the death of the Grantor of the 
insurance Trust the beneficiaries identified in this instrument; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section 
(b)(7) of Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, the Trustees hereby take the following 
action: 
1. 
The Trustees hereby delete all of the beneficiaries named, pursuant to 
the January 27 Instrument, as beneficiaries under the Insurance Trust entitled to the 
principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death of the 
Grantor thereof, and direct that, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, 
all the principal and all accumulated Income from the Insurance Trust shall be 
distributed as follows: 
A. 
One hundred percent (100%) thereof to 
if she survives the Grantor, in separate trust, the provisions of w care se o 
Section 2 below. 
B. 
If 
oes not survive the Grantor, one 
hundred percent (100%) 
ON DUBIN, if she survives the 
Grantor. 
2. 
Any property directed to be held in trust for 
ursuant to the provisions of this Section 2 shall be distributed as follows: 
A. 
The Trustees may pay any part or all of the income and such sums 
from any part or all of the principal of the trust as the Trustees, in their discretion, from 
time to time and at an tiny 
r a 
K yur 
for any reason whatsoever to, for the benefit 
of, or on behalf o 
. Any income not so paid shall annually bt 
added to the princi 
o 
e rus 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076666 
SDNY_GM_00222850 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379318

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379319.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street. 10005-2836 New York. NY. USA 
E . 1 
Fax 1 
Email 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 201811:16 AM 
To: Yoonsun Chung < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust (I) 
There are later amendments that remove the original bens and name 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 11:14 AM 
To: Bradley Gitlin < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: FW: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Please see below. It looks like the brother is the current beneficiary. 
We need to remove 
as the ben and add the brother. Can you do this or do you want me to reject it back to 
India? Or if you have all the info, I can ask someone in Jax to do it so we can approve today? Just let me 
know. Thanks 
Article First (a) identifies the grantor's brother (Mark Lawrence Epstein) as the individual that can benefit from the 
trust until the death of the Grantor. The change of beneficiaries document from 2012 amended Sections (b) (1) of 
Article First, which deals with the beneficiaries upon the death of the grantor of the Insurance Trust. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076667 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222851 
EFTA01379319

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379320.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIIE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
TRUST AGREEMENT dated Narmtrr I , 2007 between 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN (the "Grantor") and DARREN K. INDYKE and 
LAWRENCE NEWMAN (the "Trustees"). 
The Grantor states that he is a domiciliary of and resides in 
Little St. James Island, United States Virgin Islands. 
The Grantor hereby transfers to the Trustees the property 
described in Schedule A hereto, to be administered and disposed of as 
provided in this agreement. 
FIRST 
Until the death of the Grantor, and subject to article SECOND, 
the Trustees shall retain such property, IN TRUST, for the following 
purposes. 
(a) 
In the discretion of the Trustees, to pay any part or all of 
the income, if any, or principal (including any insurance policy which may 
be owned by the trust) to the Grantor's brother, MARK LAWRENCE 
EPSTEIN. during the term of this trust. Any income not so paid shall 
annually be added to principal. 
(b) 
Upon the death of the Grantor, to dispose of the then 
remaining principal, if any, including any insurance proceeds or other 
414314 I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076668 
SDNY_GM_00222852 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379320

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379321.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bark 
Wall Street 10005-283S New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 1 
Fax 1 
Email 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 12:00 AM 
To: Dimitra Manley < 
Subject: FW: Epstein Insurance Trust [Ij 
Let's talk about this. 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 1 
Fax I 
Email 
From: Stewart OldficId -cla 
Date: Thursday. Nov 15 2018 6:04 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung 
, Bradley Gillin ‹
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust IIJ 
I think that is probably true. Realistically the value in the trust only comes when the grantor dies and the life 
insurance pays out. But in the meantime, we have $276.65 sitting in cash ... 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Thursday, November 15, 2018 5:55 PM 
To: Stewart 0ldfield < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust III 
Thank you. So 
gets it after the grantor's death. Currently, the grantor would be the beneficiary. No? 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076669 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222853 
EFTA01379321

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379322.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front: Stewart Oidficid <=
> 
Date: Thursday. Nov 15 2018 5:39 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust III 
It's actually the following page 
Yoonsun Chung•c
> 
1. 
The Trustees hereby delete all of the beneficiaries named, pursuant to 
the January 27 instrument, as beneficiaries under the Insurance Trust entitled to the 
principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death of the 
Grantor thereof, and direct that, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, 
all the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance Trust shall be 
distributed as follows: 
A. 
One hundred percent (100%) thereof to 
if she survives the Grantor, in separate trust, the provisions of w is arc set forth in 
Section 2 below. 
B. 
If 
ive the Grantor, one 
hundred percent (l 00%) ereo to 
, if she survives the 
Grantor. 
2. 
Any property directed to be held in trust for 
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2 shall be distribute as 'allows: 
A. 
The Trustees may pay any part or all of the income and such sums 
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Thursday, November 15, 2018 5:37 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Epstein Insurance Trust DI 
> 
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
See attached. It looks like Ihey replaced the initial beneficiaries with 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076670 
SDNY_GM_00222854 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379322

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379323.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
GRANTOR'S REVOCATION OF DESIGNATION OF SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES 
WHEREAS, Jeffrey E. Epstein is the Grantor (the "Grantor") under the provisions 
of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 (the Insurance Trust"), dated 
November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the Insurance 
Trust, designations of successor Trustees may be revoked in writing by the maker 
thereof at any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Article EIGHTH of the Insurance Trust, the Grantor 
originally designated Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustees 
under the Insurance Trust in the event that the current Trustees, Darren K. Indyke and 
Lawrence Newman, cease for any reasons to act as Trustee; 
WHEREAS, both Darren K. Indyke and Lawrence Newman are currently acting 
as Trustees and neither Eva Andersson Dubin nor Abigail S. Wenxer has qualified as 
Trustee; and 
WHEREAS, the Grantor desires by this instrument to revoke the designation of 
both Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the 
Insurance Trust, the Grantor hereby revokes the Grant-TX 
esignation 
both Eva 
Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustee 
the Insurance 
Trust. 
Date: December 2 2012 
Receipt acknowledged b • 
DARREN K INDYKE, Trustee 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley GRIM 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 241h Fl 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
JEFFREY 
TOR 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076671 
SDNY_GM_00222855 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379323

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379324.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osullivan 
Sent: 
11/29/2018 8:46:33 AM 
To: 
'Paul Barrett' 
CC: 
Martin Zeman I 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
I; Stewart Oldfield 
; 'Richard Kahn' I
; Alan Brody I 
Subject: 
Trade Details -- 11/28/2018 ICI 
Classification: Confidential 
Good morning Paul, 
Below are the details for the JPHSX redemptions. Please contact us with any questions. 
TRADE 
DATE 
STLMNT 
DATE 
FULL NAME 
BUY/SELL 
QUANTITY 
SYMBOL 
PRICE 
NET AMT. 
(BASE 
CCY) 
SEC. DESCRIPTION 
11/28/2018 
11/29/2018 
SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL 
RC 
S 
- 
333,629.0090 
JPHSX 
9.21000000 
3.012.7i3.l: 
JPMORGAN 
FLOATING RATE 
INCOME FUND 
CLASS I 
11/28/2018 
11/29/2018 
lEEPERS 
INC 
S 
- 
190.068.0130 
JPHSX 
9.21000000 
Aszn.40 
JPMORGAN 
FLOATING RATE 
INCOME FUND 
CLASS I 
11/28/2018 
11/29/2018 
THE HAZE 
TRUST 
S 
- 
253,726.2140 
JPHSX 
921000000 
;',356.P.I8.4: 
JPMORGAN 
FLOATING RATE 
INCOME FUND 
CLASS I 
Prepared on 11/29/2018 Source: Pershing NetX 360 
Unofficial trade confirmations use information from sources that the firm believes to be reliable, but 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. cannot guarantee the accuracy of this information, or the reliability of these 
sources. Please refer to your official account statements and confirmations for all trade information 
Thank you, 
Liam 
Liam O'Sullivan 
AVP I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the F1NRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, characteristics and investment risks of, and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DB& or its affiliates prior to 
execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only Any reproduction andror redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DBS1 or any 
Wits affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076673 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222857 
EFTA01379324

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379325.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076674 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222858 
EFTA01379325

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379326.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vija
l
lit 
Sent: 
12/3/2018 12:13:48 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield I 
I; Mayur Rathod 
CC: 
Richard larossi 
Bradle Giffin 
Vinita Advani 
; Daphne Cales I 
; Emily Craig 
Subject: 
RE: Gratitude 
Importance: 
High 
Thank you for the update, Stewart!! 
We look forward to next update, post your call today. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
Mt Case Representative 
Deutsche 08 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Menazement 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 7:58 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant < 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Daphne Cales < 
Subject: RE: Gratitude 
>; Mayur Rathod 
>; 8radle Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
; Emily Craig < 
Have spoken to both clients (Gratitude and the family office of the donor). I'm not positive that they are both on the 
same page still. Have a follow up call Monday, but I think there is now a chance we don't get the info we need. In which 
case we should discuss next steps. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 12:51 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
.com>; &acne Gillin < 
>; Daphne Cales 
Subject: RE: Gratitude 
Importance: High 
Good Morning Stew, 
Any new updates from Gratitude? 
Kind Regards, 
>; Vinita Advani 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076675 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222859 
EFTA01379326

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379327.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 9:37 PM 
To: Mayur Rathod 
Cc: Richard larossi 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Daphne Cales < 
u • ect: rabtu e 
Client hopes to have an answer on Gratitude by Nov. 15th. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:35 AM 
To: Mayur Rathod 
Cc: Richard larossi 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [I] 
Bradley Gillin 
Vinita Advani 
Vinita Advani 
No update on Gratitude. I expect to have one today 
From: Mayur Rathod 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:34 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfiel 
Cc: Richard larossi 
>; Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [Ij 
Vinita Advani 
Classification: For Infernal use only 
Hi Stew, 
We did get LPOA for Paul Barrett, but for other accounts. 
We have it now for J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc. — highlighted in GREEN below. All the other rejection items 
are pending. 
Also, do we have an update on Gratitude America Ltd. — are client willing to provide the documents for BV70 LLC — a 
significant donor in this KYC, or are they going to close the account. Please confirm. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076676 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222860 
EFTA01379327

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379328.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thanks & Regards 
<image001.gif> 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1,B1, DB Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
Tel.: +91 22 
Email: 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, October 26, 2018 2:37 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradle Gillin 
Richard larossi • 
>; Alka Babu 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani < 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
For Hyperion LLC and J Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc in rejected KYC 01977699, we require the 
following items mentioned in red fonts — 
(3) Please provide evidence of or a case comment regarding confirmation from the client that the 
information on the KYC is still accurate (i.e. ownership structure, signatories, etc. have not changed). 
The comment must include the name of the person spoken with and date this conversation occurred. 
(The attached internal email does not meet this requirement.) — No material confirmation email was 
attached to the KYC but will not suffice as per AFC. They need evidence of client (person) & date 
+confirming no material changes. 
(4) Operating Agreement for Hyperion Air LLC indicates the company is manager-managed and the initial 
manager was Lawrence Visoski. Is he still manager? Please provide evidence of the current management 
for this entity. — Please provide evidence confirming if Lawrence Visoski is still the initial manager at 
Hyperion Air LLC. We have re-checked the repositories and didn't find anything for this. 
(6) Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) for the brokerage account of J. 
Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation In., granting signing auth for Erika Kellerhals. — Will need DB Corporate 
Resolution for this brokerage account# N4G024950 
(7) Per J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc brokerage account documents, Limited Trading Authority 
granted to Paul Barrett. Please add as party to the KYC with all appropriate documentation and 
research. Please help in getting limited Trading Authority document for Paul Barrett for this account 
For Mort Inc covered in rejected KYC Case 01983253 the following is the only pending rejection item - 
1. In addition to the provided source of wealth information, please provide info and narrative as to the 
source of funds that will be deposited into the account. — Please provide info on Jeffrey Epstein's source 
of funds. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076678 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222862 
EFTA01379328

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379329.pdf
----------------------------------------
We look forward to the required dots & info. Thanking you in advance for all your help. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche C18 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
91, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore on East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile + 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 11:32 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Bradle Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani < 
>; Alka Babu 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
We've responded to many of these already. Please list only outstanding items in a single email. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 10:50 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard larossi < 
Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani 
Subject: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
>; Alka Babu 
As discussed, we are awaiting responses to attached emails. For Plan D, you have mentioned that you 
are reaching out to the client, so just awaiting feedback on that. 
Please note the resolution of above cases will lead to completion of ALL accounts from this relationship 
for 2018. 
For Jockey Club, I will respond in a separate email. 
Let us know if any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076679 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222863 
EFTA01379329

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379330.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche 08 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076680 
SDNY_GM_00222864 
EFTA01379330

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379331.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 5.8 12/31/49 $ 124.O41 +.134 
At 13:03 
Vol 67.374 0 23.911D 
EP044023 Pfd 
itIZSi20'..3 
:C./2812.0 
Last Price 
Save As 
IMMO 
ax 
Daily v.
• + Track 
/ 
• Last Price 
24.041 
T High on 06/30/14 24.400 
-0- Average 
22.792 
Low on 12/11/13 20.590 
N24.050 / 24.080 N 
4x3 
EXCF 
H 24.080 D t 23 . 880D Val 1 . 616M 
Edtt 
Ta 
Compare
Sectrity/StLoy 
Annotate 
— News 
Line Chart 
Maim 
O 
volispe 
Zoom 
*I Event 
0-24.500 
4IIIIIIII 
23.500 
0-23.000 
0-22.500 
0-22.000 
  0-21.500 
0-21.000 
0-20.500 
911•VOlUrne 
67374.000 
L • 
SMAVG (15) 59706.668 0-0.2M 
67374.000 
Dec 
2013
(lar 
Jun 
2014 
Sep 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076681 
SDNY_GM_00222865 
EFTA01379331

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379332.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
29 2018 12:47:16 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
ai y eposi Report 20181229 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/28/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
8,465,369.81 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,639,682.07 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
114,177.91 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
376,812.01 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
409,187.05 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
D 
134,356.93 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
915,216.85 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
204,974.23 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
144,646.94 
PLAN D, LLC 
619,176.68 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
104,801.52 
NES, LLC 
348,644.62 
LSJE, LLC 
243,756.56 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,917,797.16 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
334,949.22 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
262,835.56 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
160,899.79 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
1,468,530.92 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
356,861.74 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
314,635.65 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,719,110.44 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
1,541,365.70 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
103,538.13 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
9,915,257.62 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
350,284.23 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
2,860,537.22 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
2,016,517.25 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
2,016,764.61 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,919,919.50 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
1,648,385.14 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
9,022,470.16 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
2,577,602.43 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, 
12/28/18 
ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GEW 2009 LLC 
2,629,561.49 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,608,975.69 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
102,039.85 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
102,039.85 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
4,840,052.66 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076682 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222866 
EFTA01379332

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379333.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAMERON WANEK 
406,305.18 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
153,184.10 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
153,184.10 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
153,184.10 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,531,210.82 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
102,039.85 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
203,114.30 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,531,210.82 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
153,184.10 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
406,368.19 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
1,531,210.82 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
1,218,108.76 
RAHUL VAID 
1,751,323.29 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
350,088.22 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
2,000,000.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
55w 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/28/18
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
250,000.00 
TOOD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
100,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076683 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222867 
EFTA01379333

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379334.pdf
----------------------------------------
I
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076684 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222868 
EFTA01379334

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379335.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
1/10/2019 3:20:05 PM 
To: 
Brigid Macias 
CC: 
Bradley Gillin I 
Subject: 
FW: Request to close 5 accounts [I] 
Attachments: M_STC 2763 request to close acc_011019.pdf; M_STC 0965 request to close acc_011019.pdf;MSFL 0957 
request to close account.pdf; 
Haze Trust 0949 request to close account.pdf; 
America 3251_request 
to close account.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Brigid, 
Did these make their way to you already? Did they clear out all the balances? I see something in every account in 
Insight, but that's as of 1/9. 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Thursday, Janua 
10, 2019 3:11 PM 
To: Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: Fwd: Request to close 5 accounts 
FYI 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded mcssaae: 
From: Bella Klein 
Subject: Request to close 5 accounts 
Date: January 10, 2019 at 3:06:43 PM EST 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Sri id Macias < 
>, Darren Indyke < 
Brad and Brigid, 
Please close the attached 5 accounts. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
>, Richard Kahn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076685 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222869 
EFTA01379335

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379336.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tel: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076686 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222870 
EFTA01379336

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379337.pdf
----------------------------------------
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account # 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
Ist,u2,,,_41‘44., 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076687 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222871 
EFTA01379337

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379338.pdf
----------------------------------------
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account # 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
1, 
4.461kA_ 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076688 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222872 
EFTA01379338

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379339.pdf
----------------------------------------
Southern Financial LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account # 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
.
.a..A,viot- 4-kail2t6ILL.. 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076689 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222873 
EFTA01379339

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379340.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Haze Trust 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account! 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076690 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222874 
EFTA01379340

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379341.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gratitude America, Ltd 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account # 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
cedt.tik.„ \LegoLL
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076691 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222875 
EFTA01379341

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379342.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
Sent: 
2/5/2019 3:25:32 PM 
To: 
PWMITUS ProductionSu ort 
Rishabh Sharma 
CC: 
BCC: 
Subject: 
RE: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 : 
• Shanu Gu'aria 
; Monica Gilkinson 
Ill 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Where does this stand? Does the client need to resend? They don't want to duplicate if we are fixing on our 
side. Thanks 
From: Saurabh-C Gupta On Behalf Of PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Sent: Tuesday, February 05, 2019 12:05 PM 
To: Shanu Gu'aria 
>; Rishabh Sharma < 
Cc: 
Saurabh-C Gupta < 
>; PWMITUS ProductionSu 
Subject: RE: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20: 
T: 
Hi Rishabh/Shanu, 
Case has been killed. 
Regards, 
PWMITUS Production Su 
Email : 
Hotline: 
DB ServiceNow URL : https://dbunity.utomlobal.intranet.db.cominavpacie.do 
Assignment Group: PWM IT US L2 
-------
Escalation Contacts: 
----- 
First Level : 
(Onsile) - Contact : 
Rav!..narlaa 
(Offshore) - Contact : 
Second Level : 
edb.com 
***** *****************************•******** 
***** 
fOrfii• IS*** ***** ***** *Ink** ***M. 
OS. 
This email is sent to you by HCL on behalf of Deutsche Bank. 
Diese email wurde Ihnen von HCL im Auftrag der Deutschen Bank gesendet 
****1.*****1• 
Stewart Oldfield 
From: Saurabh-C Gupta On Behalf Of PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Sent: Tuesday, Februa 
05, 2019 11:52 AM 
To: Shanu Gu'aria < 
>; Rishabh Sharma 
Cc: 
PWMITUS ProductionSupport < 
Subject: RE: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 
Stewart Oldfield 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076692 
SDNY_GM_00222876 
EFTA01379342

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379343.pdf
----------------------------------------
FEB- 
VALIDATION 
2019 
FAILED 
15:26 
:20:15248111 
:23B:CRED 
:32/4.190205050150000,00 
:50K 
- BUTTERFLY TRUST 
c/o tI BRK Associates, Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue,4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
:53B:/9995S009 
:57D://FW/021000021 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA 
NEW YORK 
NY 
:59:1066001633 
JPMS LLC 
:70:For Further Credit toAccount number 
Account name: Karyna Shul 
iak 
:71A:OUR 
IE103 190205TI5MRB 
CREATION 05102/201915:26:23 CREATED 
AMBKTPWM 
IMPORT 
i UNIT 
05/02/2019 
UNIT 
AMBKTPWM 
ASSIGNMENT 15:26:25 
ASSIGNED 
Unit aysignment nett UNITASS-USPYM70-306 
FORMAT 05/02/2019 15:26:25 
UNIT 
CHECK 
ASSIGNED 
Format validation error: 
Invalid bulk. !Tornio! error at line 19: bad character f 
TO 
TO 
TO 
QUEUE 05/02/201915:26:25 
REJECTED 
REJECT-Q 
T 
FOR 
FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED 
REJECT 
Kind Regards, 
Global Messaging Operations (GMO) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076695 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222879 
EFTA01379343

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379344.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank AG 
Global Messaging Operations 
Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 16.24, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
Ops Messaging Hotline: 
Kindly post all your queries to common inbox and for any urgent escalations, please contact the below; 
First Level Escalation 
Rijosh KC: 
Sunil Varghese: 
Anupam•A Kala: 
Second Level Escalation 
AbhishekSMohar 
Visit GMO at myDB GMO @ MvDB 
Information about SWIFT at swift intranet at DB 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076696 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222880 
EFTA01379344

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379345.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
Sent: 
4/4/2019 5:42:53 PM 
To: 
Bella Klein I 
l; Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Richard Kahn NISI 
Subject 
RE: Mercedes Benz Boulogne / Societe Generale Bank 
Hi! 
I just received notification the funds have been returned to DB and should be credited tomorrow. 
I will advise when I see this completed. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein ImailtoallIMIL 
Sent: Thursday, April 04, 2019 4:16 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Richard Kahn < 
— 
>; Brigid Macias 
Subject: Fwd: Mercedes Benz Boulogne / Societe Generale Bank 
1-1i Brigid and Stewart, 
We are under a lot of pressure to locate this 10,000 Euro wire from Mercedes Benz Paris. Please email Mr. 
Garcette and he will try to help. Brigid has his email. Society Generale Bank doesn't accept emails from gmail 
only from a bank. Please copy myself on the email. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076697 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222881 
EFTA01379345

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379346.pdf
----------------------------------------
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Brigid Macias ‹
> 
Subject: RE: Mercedes Benz Boulogne / Societe Generale Bank 
Date: April 2, 2019 at 10:48:47 AM EDT 
To: Bella Klein ‹
> 
Hi! 
I saw the email but wasn't sure why. 
Our operations group is still investigating the funds. 
I unfortunately do not have another update as of this morning. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New 
Tel 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Tuesday, April 02, 2019 10:37 AM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
Subject: Fwd: Mercedes Benz Boulogne / Societe Generale Bank 
Hi Brigid, 
I was trying to send email to the Society Generale Bank but they don't accept gmail. I provided 
your email address to Mr Garcette and they sent you an empty email for contact only. Please 
inquire details on the deposit that we are trying to locate or reject the wire and let them sent it 
back to Mercedes Benz. Appreciate your help. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076698 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222882 
EFTA01379346

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379347.pdf
----------------------------------------
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein c:
Ila> 
Subject: Re: Mercedes Benz Boulogne / Societe Generale 13ank 
Date: April 2 2019 at 6:58:58 AM EDT 
To: 
Thank you, I will forward to our bank 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Apr 2, 2019, at 5:10 AM, 
Hello Bella, 
Please find the number and contact at our Bank. 
Societe Generale Bank 
service retour de fond ) 
Mr GARCETTE 
Best Whishes, 
Michael Stamenic 
Commercial Vehicules Neufs et Directions 
Mercedes-Benz Boulogne-Billancourt 
Mercedes-Benz Paris SAS 
bis route de la Reine 
92100 Boulogne-Billancourt 
httofiwww.naris.inercedes.fr 
<iinagcno2jpg><iinagco0:3jor<iinageno-kjpg><imageons.jpg> 
<image006jpg> 
,rote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076699 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222883 
EFTA01379347

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379348.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you, 
Bella 
=M° 
Begin forwarded 
message: 
> 
Subject: RE: Wire 
deposit 
Date: March 13, 2019 
at 11:37:30 AM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 
>, Bella Klein 
Good Morning, 
I called and spoke to Kadiata who 
unfortunately does not speak 
English and transferred me to a line 
that was never picked up. 
I did email the other person on that 
email Michael and asked him to call 
me regarding a return of funds. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076703 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222887 
EFTA01379348

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379349.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
<image00I png> 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Wednesday, March 13, 2019 
11:32 AM 
To: Bella Klein  
Cc: Brigid Macias 
Subject: Re: Wire deposit 
Brigid can you please update us on 
status 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Mar 12, 2019, at 
12:22 PM, Bella 
Klein 
In> wrote: 
Brigid, 
Below please find 
contact for the wire 
transfer. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076704 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222888 
EFTA01379349

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379350.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you, 
Bella 
<image 
006:1P8 
De : N' 
Diaye, 
Kadiata 
(582) 
Envoy* 
: mardi 
mars 
2019 
16:19 
A: Sta 
menic, 
Michael 
(582) 
Objet : 
RE: 
Wire 
deposit 
Bonjour 
Michael 
Ci-
dessous 
le RDF 
<imag 
e007.jp 
Cordial 
ement, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076705 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00222889 
EFTA01379350

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379351.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kadiata 
N'diaye 
Attache 
e 
Adminis 
trative 
Merced 
es 
Benz 
Paris 
Porte 
d'Orlea 
ns 
Merces 
des 
Benz 
Paris 
SAS 
15-17 
rue 
Barbös 
92120 
Montro 
uge 
Teleph 
one 
maitto : 
http://w 
ww.pari 
s.merce 
des.fr 
www.m 
ercedes 
-benz.fr 
Begin 
forwar 
ded 
messag 
e. 
r 
F 
m 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076706 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222890 
EFTA01379351

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379352.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
t 
P 
M 
E 
D 
T 
T 
o 
B 
e 
I 
I 
a 
K 
I 
e 
i 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076708 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222892 
EFTA01379352

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379353.pdf
----------------------------------------
R 
i 
c 
h 
a 
r 
d 
K 
a 
h 
< 
> 
S 
u 
b 
J 
e 
c 
t 
R 
E 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076710 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222894 
EFTA01379353

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379354.pdf
----------------------------------------
W 
i 
r 
e 
d 
e 
p 
s 
i 
t 
G 
d 
A 
f 
t 
e 
r 
O 
u 
r 
i 
v 
e 
s 
t 
i 
g 
a 
t 
i 
s 
t 
e 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076711 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222895 
EFTA01379354

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379355.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076714 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222898 
EFTA01379355

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379356.pdf
----------------------------------------
K 
i 
d 
r 
e 
a 
r 
d 
s 
B 
r 
i 
g 
i 
d 
M 
a 
c 
i 
a 
s 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076728 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222912 
EFTA01379356

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379357.pdf
----------------------------------------
m 
C 
B 
r 
d 
M 
C 
A 
$ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076729 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222913 
EFTA01379357

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379358.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
s 
c 
h 
e 
B 
a 
k 
S 
e 
c 
u 
r 
i 
t 
i 
e 
s 
c 
F 
r 
m 
B 
e 
I 
I 
a 
K 
I 
e 
i 
I 
m 
a 
i 
I 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076733 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222917 
EFTA01379358

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379359.pdf
----------------------------------------
B 
r 
d 
M 
T 
C 
C 
C 
B 
r 
a 
d 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076735 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222919 
EFTA01379359

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379360.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
U 
b 
j 
e 
c 
t 
R 
e 
w 
i 
r 
e 
d 
e 
P 
s 
i 
t 
m 
P 
r 
t 
a 
c 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076737 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222921 
EFTA01379360

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379361.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
m 
e 
I 
M 
a 
I 
I 
I 
a 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076741 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00222925 
EFTA01379361

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379362.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
w 
i 
r 
i 
g 
i 
s 
t 
r 
u 
c 
t 
i 
s 
y 
u 
p 
r 
v 
d 
e 
d 
t 
t 
h 
e 
v 
e 
d 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076744 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222928 
EFTA01379362

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379363.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
m 
a 
g 
e 
I 
P 
g 
> 
B 
r 
i 
d 
M 
a 
c 
i 
a 
s 
A 
s 
s 
s 
t 
a 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076746 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222930 
EFTA01379363

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379364.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
e 
U 
r 
e 
S 
e 
r 
d 
t 
h 
U 
h 
e 
U 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076749 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222933 
EFTA01379364

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379365.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
e 
t 
M 
d 
a 
Y 
M 
a 
r 
c 
h 
A 
M 
T 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076751 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222935 
EFTA01379365

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379366.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
i 
I 
R 
i 
c 
h 
a 
r 
d 
K 
a 
h 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076753 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222937 
EFTA01379366

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379367.pdf
----------------------------------------
m
T 
T 
h 
S 
C 
O 
m 
m 
U 
C 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076758 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222942 
EFTA01379367

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379368.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
o 
I 
f 
y 
o 
u 
a 
r 
e 
o 
t 
t 
h 
e 
i 
t 
e 
d 
e 
d 
r 
e 
c 
i 
P i 
e 
t 
( 
o 
r 
h 
a 
v 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076760 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222944 
EFTA01379368

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379369.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
d 
v 
i 
C 
e 
a 
d 
t 
h 
e 
i 
f 
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
C 
t 
a 
i 
e 
d 
i 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076768 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222952 
EFTA01379369

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379370.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
m 
a 
y 
C 
t 
a 
i 
c 
f 
i 
d 
e 
t 
i 
a 
I 
a 
d 
/ 
r 
p 
r 
i 
v 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076770 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222954 
EFTA01379370

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379371.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
e 
t 
( 
r 
h 
a 
v 
e 
r 
e 
c 
e 
i 
v 
e 
d 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
in 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
e 
r 
r 
r 
) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076772 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222956 
EFTA01379371

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379372.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
u 
I 
a 
t 
o 
r 
y 
d 
i 
s 
c 
I 
o 
s 
u 
r 
e 
s 
D 
e 
u 
t 
s 
c 
h 
e 
B 
a 
k 
d 
o 
e 
s 
o 
t 
r 
e 
d 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076778 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222962 
EFTA01379372

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379373.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
i 
e 
r 
r 
r 
) 
P I 
e 
a 
s 
e 
t 
i 
f 
Y 
t 
h 
e 
s 
e 
d 
e 
r 
i 
m 
m 
e 
d 
i 
a 
t 
e 
I 
y 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076784 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222968 
EFTA01379373

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379374.pdf
----------------------------------------
unauthorized copying, disclosure 
or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer 
to https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render 
legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this 
communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
If you are not the addressee, please Inform us immediately that you have 
received this e-mail by mistake. and delete it. We thank you for your 
support. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076793 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222977 
EFTA01379374

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379375.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osullivan 
Sent: 
4/15/2019 12:16:00 PM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
na Hunter 
CC: 
Monica Gilkinson 
; Armen Brash ( 
Subject: 
RE: CIB Offboard [C] 
Classification: Confldental 
There are no open trades. Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, April 15, 2019 12:01 PM 
To: Ana Hunter 
Cc: Monica Gilkinso 
Subject: Re: CIB Offboard 
Liam Osullivan 
Armen Brash 
I think we closed out the last CIB trade they had, in which case we can off board. 
Liam - please confirm. 
Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Apr 15, 2019, at 11:59 AM, Ana Hunter 
wrote: 
Hi — the below client ended up on the CIB offboard list. Client will be offboarded today unless you confirm 
we need to retain. 
Please confirm: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
Kind regards, 
<image001.png> 
Ana Hunter 
Dcut•rite 
WatIth \13ovoracof 
Su:; time Patinae. Stmt 100. Ja..bonville. It 3.1256 USA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076794 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222978 
EFTA01379375

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379376.pdf
----------------------------------------
IC 5.8 12/31/49 5; 124.000 -.093 
(124.000;'24.0101 
, 1 
EXCI-
: 28 
Vol 57,252 0 23.91103 H 24.040 L 23.880 , '... -.. 1.377M 
EP044023 Pfd
Save As ' 96) Actions - 97) Edit- 99 Table 
Line Chart 
m =ON 
.. cxrDa% 
- 
®®®volume 
MEM 
ID 
3.',., 
:Y :, 
'Ti. IV 
..-Y 
"a,< 
Daily v 
P: Secunty/Stady 
*4 :,,,,.... 
O 
7,- Track .' Annotate r--- News 
Zoom 
24.500 
V 
• Last Price 
24.000 
T High on 06/30/14 24.400 
. .. 
-4*- Average 
22.792 
Low on 12/11/13 20.590 
Dec 
2013 
I 
dun 
2014 
24.000 
23.500 
23.000 
22.500 
22.000 
21.500 
21.000 
20.500 
  • Volume 
57452.000 
  • SMAVG (15) 59045.199 
0.4N 
I I I I 
I 
57452.000 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076796 
SDNY_GM_ 00222980 
EFTA01379376

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379377.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Natalie Barak [natalie.barak@db.com] 
Sent: 
5/8/2019 12:02:01 PM 
To: 
Bella Klein ibklein575@gmail.coml; Brigid Macias ibrigid.macias@db.comj 
CC: 
Bradley Gillin [bradley.gillin@db.com]; Stewart Oldfield [stewart.oldfield@db.com); Richard Kahn 
Irichardkahn12@gmail.comj 
Subject: 
RE: Zorro management account xxxx6807 
Hi Bella — we will research now. 
Natalie Barak 
Vice President Relationship Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
NeuNc.he Bank. Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10254 
Tel. 212 454-2830 
Fax 646 736-0695 
Email natailtharakiecitscom 
Wtifrt e:,. offerer] throtigh Dc.,aune Bank sororities 
From: Bella Klein imailto:bklein575@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, May 08, 2019 11:44 AM 
To: Brigid Macias <brigid.macias@db.com> 
Cc: Natalie Barak <natalie.barak@db.com>; Bradley Gillin <bradley.gillin@db.com>; Stewart Oldfield 
<stewart.oldfield@db.com); Richard Kahn <richardkahn12@gmail.com> 
Subject: Zorro management account xxxx6807 
Dear Team, 
Please help to trace 4 wires to RMC Electric sent on May 3rd from Zorro Management Account xxx6807 as 
wires not received. 
5/03/2019 998000503152209 
OUTGOING 
MONEY 
TRANSFER 
TO WELLS 
FARGO 
BANK, NA 
RMC 
ELECTRIC 
$1,021.85 
$107,913.96 
OUTGOING 
MONEY 
TRANSFER 
TO WELLS 
[ ] 
05/03/2019 
998000503152054 
FARGO 
$1,000.45 
$108,935.81 
BANK, NA A/C 
RMC 
ELECTRIC 
[ ] 
05/03/2019 
998000503151934 
OUTGOING 
$2,327.25 
$109,936.26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076797 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222981 
EFTA01379377

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379378.pdf
----------------------------------------
MONEY 
TRANSFER 
TO WELLS 
FARGO 
BANK NA A/C 
RMC 
ELECTRIC 
OUTGOING 
MONEY 
TRANSFER 
TO WELLS 
[ j 
05/03/2019 
998000503151745 
FARGO 
$1.583.60 
BANK, NA A/C 
Thank you, 
Bella 
bkleinc75(it umail.com 
ELECTRIC 
5112,263.51 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076798 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222982 
EFTA01379378

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379379.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date: Thursday, Dec
 ,.1( ! 
From: Paul Barrett 
To: Xavier Avila <IIIIS> 
>. Joshua Shoshan 
Stewart Oldfield 
I sold a GBP bond today for some tax planning so want to replace the GBP FX exposure. So you ike EURGBP downside? 
Paul Barrett 
Alpha Group Capital LLC 
7th 
r 
Fl r N w York, NY 10019 
ALPHA GROUP 
CAPITAL 
From: Xavier Avila 
Sent: Thursday, December 21, 2017 10:38 PM 
To: Paul Barrett 
Cc: Martin Zeman < 
>; Joshua Shoshan 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: GBP KO Fwd 
Agree, not best moment to sell vol. 
Any reason you buying GBP? 
What about selling EURGBP? Better carry, les dependant on USD view if you are bullish GBP, I think 8850 still prices a lot 
of Brexit catastrophe scenarios. Spend the posiyive carry to buy an ATMS AKI or EKI fwd maybe? not sure how the 
barrier would look. 
Our catalan friends gave us another reason to doubt this EUR euphoria of the last months (you thought SA politics were 
conplicated, ha!!!) 
Xavier Avila 
Managing Director 
From: Paul Barrett <=1
>. 
Date: Thursday, Dec 21, 2017, 22:13 
To: Xavier Avila a> 
Cc: Martin Zeman < 
, Joshua Shoshan 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: GBP KO Fwd 
I think vol is too low to embed KOs. In fact what I do like is combining the long GBP call with a short GBP KI put (vol also 
too low for that right now). 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076800 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222984 
EFTA01379379

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379380.pdf
----------------------------------------
GBP 
CMPL 
. 3373 
+.0002 
\ -- 
At 1:43 
Op 1.3371 
Hi 1.3412 
Lo 1.3367 
[ 01 
7? 
Nov 7017 
ANON 
1. 3373 /1.3373 
ANON 
Close 1.3371 
Value 12/28/17 
Compare 
Actions 
91) Edit 
- 
Intraday Price Chart 
a 
12i 22; 2017 
• source Saill 
YTD 
r 
5Y 
I4ax 
Timik vJ 
'It
CC 
;;;„ 
Chart Content 
• Lest Price 
1.3373 
• Close on 11/24 . — 1.3332 
• ' High on 21,130 23:51 L3550 
/weep 
1.3397 
low on 11/28 16:16 1.3218 
IS 
Dec 7017 
-1.3550 
0.1.3500 
• 1.3450 
/3400 
1.3350 
13300 
•13250 
• 1.3200 
Australia 61 2 9777 8600 Brazil 5511 2395 9000 Europe 44 20 7330 7500 Germany 49 69 9204 1210 Hong Kong 852 2977 6000 
Japan 81 3 3201 8900 
Singapore 65 6212 1000 
LP 5 1 212 318 2000 
Copyrignt 2017 Bloolterg Finance L P. 
SN 26)385 GMT 
GmI40.00 G509-1306-1 22 -0eC -2017 01.43.58 
Xavier Avila 
Managing Director I Key Clients Partners 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
345 P 
York. NY. 10154-0004 
Office 
Mobile 
Email 
Key Client Partners (KCP) Americas does not provide investment advice and the products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters 
discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non-advisory basis. KCP products and services are intended and available 
only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINRA Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the 
strategies, characteristics and investment risks of. and exercising independent judgment in evaluating. the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades 
and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DEISI a its affiliates prior to execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea 
discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction andror redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DB51 or any 
of ifs affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076802 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222986 
EFTA01379380

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379381.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Macroeconomic inclicatois for year-end 2018 
Latin America 
Argentina 
Brazil 
Chile 
Colombia 
Mexico 
Peru 
Nom. GDP (USD bill 
653 
2,103 
289 
321 
1,132 
228 
Inflation (YoV%1 
160 
0/N rate ••• 
75 
700 
250 
475 
725 
325 
Govt. debt/GDP, % 
497 
766 
7 
1 
47.3 
278 
Domestic 
3 
733 
222 
299 
274 
168 
External 
29.4 
3.3 
182: 
. 200 
110 
Total ext.debtiODP 
309 
269 
606 
419 
230 
372 
Budget belJGDP. le 
-52 
-74 
-29 ' 
-33 
-n 
Growth (Sy ay.', % 
-06 
CA balJGDP, % 
.41 
.12 
.13 
. 45 
-22 
.17 
FDUGDP, % 
5% 
1% 
3.1% 
27% 
13% 
31% 
EMEA 
Czech 
Republic 
Egypt 
Hungary 
Israel 
Poland 
Russia 
South 
Africa 
Turkey 
Nom. GDP (USD bnl 
253 
268 
150 
379 
603 
1,677 
396 
838 
Inflation (Yorle/ 
155 
9'.7 
0/N rate *•• 
0.50 
75 
003 
010 
150 
775 
675 
1225 
Govt. debt/GDP. % 
333 
99.1 
706 
603 
508 
1 
570 
793 
Domestic 
152 
5 
3 
512 
346 
11.1 
478 
181 
. External 
182 
115 
162 
9.1 
16.3 
4.9 
112 
Total ext.debt/GDP 
5 
29.1 
89.7 
222 
724 
32.5 
6 
53.5 
Budget bat/GDP, 15 
S1 
.24 
2.6 
-25 
-39 
Growth 15y aryl. % 
CA bal./GDP, % 
-44 
3.1 
3D 
-17 
3.1 
-18 
FDVGDP, % 
2% 
5% 
3% 
08% 
16% 
-Oa% 
-01% 
09% 
Asia 
China 
Hong 
Kong 
India 
Indonesia Malaysia Philippines 
Nom. GDP IIJSD 
13.472 
367 
2,806 
1059 
330 
329 
Inflation floY%1 
. 
35. 
3.1 
0/N rate ••• 
50 
75 
600 
4.25 
300 
3.50 
Govt. debt/GDP, % 
304 
684 
306 
65.7 
439 
Domestic 
382 
4 
200 
640 
28.5 
External 
5 
7 
15.5 
Total est debt/GDP 
132 
392.1 
188 
280 
56.7 
219 
Budget belJGDP, 16 
-30 
-2.7 
-28 
-2 7 
Growth i5y ava le 
6.1 
CA baIJGDP. 16 
-1 7 
-08 
2.6 
-2.2 
FDVGDP. % 
04% 
68% 
18% 
6% 
14% 
18% 
Asia 
Singapore 
South 
Korea 
Sri Lanka Thailand 
Taiwan 
Vietnam 
Nom. GDP IUSD bnl 
330 
1.696 
491 
598 
233 
Inflation (YoY16/ 
,54 
1.0 
0/N rate • • • 
125 
I50 
875 
150 
138 
625 
Govt. debt/GDP, % 
' 120 6 
411 
788 ' 
387 
36.8 
643 
Domestic 
120 6 
408 
449 
372 
388 
358 
External 
339 
' 1.4 
' 00 
28.5 
Total ext.debt/GDP 
442.9 
247 
557 
316 
31.0 
49,4 
Budget belJGDP, % 
-50 
-29 
-07 
-55 
Growth 15y avgl, 15 
2.7 
2.2 
CA bilJGDP, % 
• 
200 
4.4 
-2.8 
8.1 
10.2 
FDUGDP, % 
127% 
-I.1% 
1.1% 
08% 
-2.2% 
5.2% 
'" Current OierrugnIRate 
Son Puma* At 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076808 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222992 
EFTA01379381

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379382.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
The State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) regulates exchange controls (http://www.safe.gov.cn, while 
the People's Bank of China (PBOC) is responsible for implementing monetary policy and ensuring overall stability in 
the financial sector (http://www.pbc.aov.cn).
In March 2003, the Central Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) was established to assume the financial 
supervisory role once undertaken by PBoC (h.tto://www,cbrc.gov.cn). 
Since July 2005, China has adopted a managed float regime, with the daily fluctuation range against the USD 
initially set at +1-0.3%. In May 2007 the interbank spot-trading band was widened to +/-0.5%, and was widened 
further in April 2012 to +/-1%. PBoC again widen the trading band to +/-2% in March 2014. The range against non-
USD currencies was initially set at +1-1.5% but in Sep 2005, this has since been widened to +/-3%. 
it 
To reduce exchange controls and allow market forces to gradually play a bigger role, on December 11, 2015, 
China's Foreign Exchange Trade System (CFETS) published a new CNY effective exchange rate (CNY CFETS basket). 
According to the CFETS statement, the intention was to "shift how the public and the market observe RMB 
exchange rate movements" with the focus moving from a bilateral USD/CNY exchange rate to a trade-weighted 
index which was seen to better "reflect the overall value change of that currency" and "better capture the 
competitiveness of a country's goods and services."(htto://www.chinamonev.com.cn/fe/Info/15851090). The 
number 
of 
currencies 
in 
the 
basket 
were 
expanded 
in 
December 
2016 
to 
from 
(MIP.;//new.chinamoney.Com.cn/english/bmkidxrud/20161229/2950.tippl) 
▪ 
There are three types of foreign currency accounts for Foreign Investment Enterprises (FIEs): capital accounts (for 
investment and repatriation), current accounts (for trade) and loan accounts (for receiving and repaying loans). 
▪ 
Cross-border transactions such as those related to trade are permitted, and will use the CNY onshore rate. This, 
however, must (1) occur through designated clearing banks and (2) be supported by appropriate documentation. 
Onshore CNY products 
FX spot 
Regulatory: 
Only licensed onshore counterparties are allowed. CNY spot can currently be traded against 
USD, HKD. EUR, GBP, JPY, AUD, CAD. MYR, RUB. SGD, NZD, CHF, ZAR, KRW, SAR and AED 
on CFETS, China's inter-bank FX trading system. Corporates executing CNY spot are required 
to submit supporting documentation. Certain kinds of conversion under non-trade and capital 
items require pre-approval from SAFE. 
Daily spot trading in USD/CNY is executed through the China Foreign Exchange Trade System 
(CFETS). CFETS is the trading system that electronically links the various designated foreign 
exchange banks (DFEBs). The market is open from 9 am until 11:30 pm. Every naming at 9:15am 
(local) a fixing is announced. As of 11 August 2015. the daily 9:15am USD/CNY fixing (or central 
parity rate) is determined using a formula comprising of two parts - "Previous Day USD/CNY 
4.30pm Beijing Time close" plus "Changes in the Trade-Weighted Index". This is published on 
Reuters page < SAEC >. USD/CNY is then allowed to trade within a +/-2.0% band around this fixing. 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10 - 20mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
CNY 0.0005 - 0.0020 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 20 - 35bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <CNY=CFXM>, DB Reuters page < DBSHFX>, 
Trading hours: 
9:30am - 11:30pm, Beijing time 
FX forwarthswap/long-dated FX rorward 
Regulatory: 
Banks with a derivative license can apply for a separate license to trade USD/CNY forwards in 
the interbank market after they sign the Chinese version of Master Agreement (NAFMII 
Agreement) regulated by PBOC. Banks are permitted to trade USD/CNY FX swaps (with no 
interest rate swaps allowed in the trade) after 6 months of trading forwards. Banks can also 
apply for trading USD/CNY forwards with corporate clients and are permitted to trade 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076812 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00222996 
EFTA01379382

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379383.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Hong Kong 
Since 1983 the Hong Kong dollar has been linked to the 
US dollar at the rate of approximately HKD7.8 to one 
US dollar. Essentially, in all but 11 years of its existence, 
Hong Kong has maintained a pegged exchange rate 
regime of some sort. In recent years, a growing chorus 
of investors and analysts has noted that Hong Kong is 
no longer as cyclically aligned with the US as it used to 
be. Consequently there is a growing belief that Hong 
Kong will ultimately shift from a USD peg to a peg 
against the Chinese renminbi, or a trade-weighted 
basket. 
The primary monetary policy objective of the HKMA is 
to maintain exchange rate stability within the 
framework of a Currency Board system. The HKMA 
does not set interest rates, though it may influence 
inter-bank liquidity through the issuance of short-term 
money market instruments called Exchange Fund bills. 
There is no explicit inflation target. The government 
tends to rely on fiscal tools (subsidies, grants, and 
administrative curbs on property speculation) to 
contain inflation risks. 
The present Linked Exchange Rate System (LERS) is 
essentially a currency board with the Hong Kong dollar 
pegged to USD within a narrow band of 7.75 (strong 
side) and 7.85 (weak side). The HKMA is obliged to 
intervene in the inter-bank FX market at these levels to 
enforce the trading band. The Authority also retains the 
discretion to intervene between these limits if 
circumstances are deemed to warrant it, though it 
rarely does so in practice. 
Market speculation and debate over the relevance of 
the USD peg have grown in recent years, not least 
because of Hong Kong's growing economic and 
financial integration with China. HKMA has however 
dismissed the possibility of a near-term policy shift, 
citing the convertibility of the Chinese yuan as a 
necessary precondition for a re-peg to the RMB. The 
current focus of the HKMA is to develop the offshore 
yuan market in close collaboration with Mainland 
authorities. 
The Hong Kong dollar is fully convertible and 
deliverable. 
W.O•I 
e<chancje mte 
85 
USD/HKD spot rate and 3M find premium 
78° '
,18D SPOt 
-H8D 
3M Forward Pants. MS 
7M0 
7.75 
7.70 A 
r .200 
-250 
7.06 
100 
.50 
-100 
.150 
te 
USD/HKD 3M historical vs. implied volatility 
15 16 17 
05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 
Scaev• D8 &our lioAsa Pawed,. atcrnewni Area LP 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223002 
DB-SDNY-0076818 
EFTA01379383

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379384.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Ref. source: 
DB Reuters page <DBQM1>, DB Bloomberg page <DBHK >, Broker Reuters page <PYHK0> 
Fixing page: 
Telerate 9898 / Reuters page <HIB0R=>, Settlement: 1+2 for HKD SPS, HKD IRS - T+0 for 
morning time and T+1 for afternoon. Floating Rate: 3M HIB0R, Frequency: Quarterly, Day-
count: Act/365. 
Short term money market instruments (BA/CP/repo/Exchange Fund bills) 
Regulatory: 
No restrictions 
Avg. ticket size: 
HKD 200 - 300mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 5bps 
Avg. daily vol: 
HKD lbn 
Government bond market (including Exchange Fund Notes) 
Regulatory: 
No restrictions 
Avg. ticket size: 
HKD 50- 100mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 10bp 
Avg. daily vol: 
HKD 50K DV01 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <0NFIKTSY=>, Bloomberg page <DABA2> 
Clearing and settlement regulation 
Foreign investors can choose to settle using Euroclear, Clearstream, or the domestic settlement system provided they 
have an onshore account. The domestic clearing and custodian system in Hong Kong is operated by HKMA Central 
Money Markets Unit (CMU). The Real Time Gross Settlement system provides delivery-versus payment settlement (DVP) 
for Hong Kong dollar- and US dollar-denominated debt. 
Taxation 
Provided that the investor is not carrying on business in Hong Kong, capital gains are not taxed in Hong Kong. Interest 
income and gains on disposal or redemption of Hong Kong Government Bonds/HK EFBNs (if applicable) are specifically 
exempt from Hong Kong profits tax. Deutsche Bank is not a qualified tax advisor. Tax information may vary. Kindly seek 
formal tax guidance for details. 
Oeutictoevic lira equalled ttc40.4toi. Tar int., 
ml tcrn4i ta. ..344.fry," for (AUK 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076820 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223004 
EFTA01379384

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379385.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
India 
Between 1947 and 1975 the rupee was linked to GBP. 
Import 
restrictions 
and 
export 
subsidies 
were 
punctuated with periodic devaluations to address 
balance of payment crises. Its anchor was switched to 
a trade-weighted FX basket, but the central bank (RBI) 
was forced to devalue the rupee in 1991 and introduce 
a two-tier system of FX. The current regime dates back 
to March 1993, when the government reintroduced a 
unified, market-determined managed float. The Foreign 
Exchange Management Act was introduced in 2000. 
The monetary framework of the Reserve Bank of India 
was formerly built on multiple indicators. However, 
following the recommendation of the Urijit Patel 
Committee Report, RBI shifted to a consumer price 
inflation targeting approach in 2014. RBI aimed to 
guide CPI to below 6% by Jan 2016 and below 5% by 
March 2017, with a long-term inflation objective of 4%. 
In 2016, the Finance Ministry officially adopted an 
inflation target of 4% for the next five years with +/-2% 
tolerance limits. RBI sets its policy primarily via the 
repo/reverse repo rate corridor, but supplements it with 
liquidity management tools such as the liquidity 
adjustment facility, cash reserve ratios, open market 
operations and term repos. In 2016, RBI moved from a 
long-standing liquidity deficit regime, to targeting 
liquidity neutrality to encourage greater monetary 
transmission. RBI also introduced a six-member MPC. 
In the early to mid-20005, FX policy was oriented at 
ensuring that the rupee maintained its competitiveness 
in inflation-adjusted terms. After the 2008 financial 
crisis, the current account deficit steadily deteriorated. 
Reserves were not aggressively accumulated in 2009-
2010, when large inflows led to appreciation. As capital 
flow volatility began to increase in late 2011 alongside 
a deepening deficit, the rupee depreciated, often 
sharply. During the extreme stress of mid-2013, a 
scheme to incentivize non-resident Indian USD 
deposits 
inflows 
was 
introduced, 
gold 
import 
restrictions were tightened and oil USD demand was 
managed to curb currency pressure. Since 2013, the 
current account has dramatically improved; portfolio 
inflows have been strong; RBI has aggressively built 
back reserves, and volatility in the currency has been 
very closely managed. The rupee is convertible for 
current account transactions, but has restrictions on 
the capital account. Foreign portfolio investment policy 
is more liberal for equity than debt, with the latter 
managed via a quota system. A medium-term 
framework for FPI investment in debt securities was 
put in place in 2015, targeting an increase in foreign 
limits to 5% of the outstanding government debt 
securities market by 2018. Corporate borrowing in 
Page 18 
foreign currency is subject to regulation and caps. FDI 
liberalization has been a growing focal point. 
USD/INR exchange rate 
ea 
so 
zo 
I5 
USEVINB spot kite and 3M NDF premium 
—INR Spot 
—INR 3M Forward 
19, RHS 
- 400 
100 
USD/INR 3M historical vs. implied volatility 
35,
affitasSpread IRHS) 
100 
—3M 
Implied 
-5 
06 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 
Scent OB abed Midas Ross* oloareeip flwc LP 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223005 
DB-SDNY-0076821 
EFTA01379385

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379386.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Onshore INA products 
FX spot 
Current account: 
Capital account: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
Trading hours: 
No prior approval requirements but participants must have documentary evidence of the 
underlying transaction for remittances. 
All FX transactions on the capital account are subject to general or specific permission from the RBI. 
USD 5mn 
INR 0.0025 - 0.0100 
USD 15bn (range: 10 - 20bn) 
Reuters page <RBIB> 
9:00am - 5:00pm, Mumbai time (till 4:30pm for corporates) 
FX forwarcPswapilong-dated FX forward 
Regulatory: 
Per FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 20mn on ly, USD 10mn on 2y and above 
Tenor: 
Overnight to 10 years (Overnight to lyr is very liquid) 
Bid/ask spread: 
INR 0.01 for tenors less than lyr, INR 0.10 - 0.50 for tenors more than lyr 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 10.0 bn 
Ref. Source: 
Reuters page <IN RIF.> 
FX options 
Regulatory: 
Authorized Dealers (ADs) are allowed to offer foreign currency rupee options. However only plain-
vanilla European Calls/Puts and structures using these options as building blocks are allowed in the 
FCY/INR (where FCY represents foreign currency) options space. Use of cost reduction structures, 
i.e.. cross currency option cost reduction structures and foreign currency-INR option cost reduction 
structures, have been permitted to hedge exchange rate risk arising out of trade transactions, 
External Commercial Borrowings (ECBs) and foreign currency loans availed of domestically against 
FCNR (B) deposits. Corporate clients are not allowed to be net receivers of premium. Contingent 
foreign exchange exposure arising out of submission of tender bid in foreign exchange can also be 
hedged using options. RBI has also recently permitted Writing of Covered Call and Put Currency 
Option contracts by Indian exporters and importers of goods and services. 
Avg. ticket size: 
Ticket-size varies, as this is a non-OTC market 
Tenor: 
Up to 5 years 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.3 - 0.6 vols for tenors less than 1Y, 0.6 - 2.0 vol for tenors more than lY 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 500mn 
Ref. source: 
INVOLFIX (Reuters FEDAI Daily Vol Fixing) and INR CURNCY OVDV (Bloomberg INR Options 
curve). Fixing time is 11.30am Mumbai time. 
Onshore CCS 
Regulatory: 
Residents with foreign currency liabilities that are converting such liabilities to a rupee Liability 
can enter into foreign currency-INR swap. Incorporated resident entities in India with rupee 
liabilities can convert them into FX liabilities via INR-FX swaps, subject to certain minimum 
prudential requirements as mentioned in the regulatory guidelines. Foreign currency - INR 
swaps can be entered into by resident entities having FCY borrowings and non-residents who 
have extended INR ECBs (External Commercial Borrowing). No swap transactions involving 
upfront payment of INR or its equivalent in any form shall be undertaken. Overseas lenders of 
rupee (INR) denominated trade credits will be eligible to hedge their exposure in rupees 
through permitted derivative products in the onshore market. 
Avg. ticket size: 
Tenor: 
INR 500mn 
1-10 years 
Page 20 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076823 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223007 
EFTA01379386

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379387.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 20 bps 
Avg. daily vol: 
INR 3-5 bn (sporadically traded) 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <MIOCS=>, <MIFOR=> 
IRS. 
iS'€RiA 
Regulatory: 
Self-certification of underlying exposures. Only plain vanilla IRS/FRAs are allowed. 
Avg. ticket size: 
INR 500mn 
Tenor: 
month - 10 years 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 2 bps for tenors less than 5Y, l0bp for tenors more than 519
Avg. daily vol: 
INR 70 bn (for OIS), 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <MIOIS=> 
Fixing page: 
Reuters page <IN RONDFIX=> 
Short-term money market instrument"; 
Regulatory: 
Open to local residents and NRls 
Liquidity: 
Good for CP market, 
Deep Ovemight-repo market for govt. securities 
RBI recently permitted repos for corporate debt, market to evolve for repo of CPs and other 
corporate debt 
Avg. ticket size: 
INR 250m for CP 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 10bp 
Avg. daily vol: 
INR 3 bn 
Ref. source: 
CP: Reuters page <INCPRATE> 
Government bond 
Regulatory: 
Only SEBI registered foreign portfolio investors (FPls) are allowed access to local currency 
bond market. A medium-term framework for FPI limits in debt securities was put in place by 
RBI in October 2015, including: 
(I) 
limits for FPI investment will henceforth be fixed in rupee terms; 
(II) 
limits will be increased in phases to 5 per cent of outstanding stock by March 2018; 
(III) 
there will be a separate limit for investment by FPIs in the State Development Loans (SDLs), 
increased in phases to reach 2 per cent of outstanding stock by March 2018; 
(IV) 
the increase in limits will be announced every half year and released every quarter; 
(V) 
minimum residual maturity of three years on G-Sec investment will continue to apply; and 
(VI) 
aggregate FPI investments in any Central Government security is capped at 20% of the 
outstanding stock of the security. Investments at existing levels in the securities over this limit 
may continue but not get replenished through fresh purchases by FPIs till this falls below 20%. 
Avg. ticket size: 
INR 200m 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.5 - lbp 
Avg. daily vol: 
INR 300bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <0#INITSY=>, Bloomberg page <DABA7>, 
Offshore INR products 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NON 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation applies. Onshore players cannot trade NDFs. 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10mn 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 21 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076824 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223008 
EFTA01379387

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379388.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Fixing reference: 
INR 0.02 - 0.03 for 1M, INR 0.05-0.07 for 3M-12M 
USD 2.0bn 
Spot fixing determined by RBI-based volume-weighted average price during any 5 minute 
period between 1130am-12:30pm Mumbai time, 2 business days before value date 
Fixing page: 
Reuters page <RBIB> 
Non-Deliverable Option (NDO) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation applies. 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Fixing page: 
USD 20-50mn 
0.25 vols 
Up to USD1bn 
Reuters page <ROIB>, spot fixing determined by RBI 
Non. Deliverable Overnight Index Swap (0IS) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation applies. 
Avg. ticket size: 
Executable Tenors: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
Floating Leg : 
Conventions : 
Non-Deliverable CCS 
Avg. ticket size: 
Executable Tenors: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
Floating Leg : 
Conventions : 
USD 20mn 
3m-9m, 1Y-5Y 
2.3 bps (for 10K DV01) 
USD 150.200mn 
Reuters page <IN DIRS>, <BGCNDIRS>, Bloomberg IRSWNIX Index 
FBIL Overnight MIBOR, Bloomberg : IN000/N Index 
<1Y Annual Fixed (ACT/365) versus Daily Compounded floating (ACT/365), 1+1, >1Y Semi-
annual Fixed (Act/365) versus Daily compounded floating (Act/365), T+1, Reuters Page <RBIB>, 
Bloomberg INRRATE Index 
USD 20mn 
Up to 10Y 
5-15bps 
USD 100mn 
Reuters page <EXOT> 
USD 6M LIBOR (US0006M Index) 
Semi-annual Fixed (Act/365) versus 6M USD Libor Floating (Act/360), T+1 fixing, Reuters Page 
<RBIB>, 1+3 effective date 
Clearing and settlement regulation 
The Clearance Corporation of India Limited is the central counterparty for all transactions in government securities. 
Trades are settled on a delivery versus payment (DVP) basis, and the CCIL guarantees all trades using the Settlement 
Guarantee Fund, which is financed out of margins paid by all market participants. 
Taxation 
For foreign portfolio investors (FPls), all interest income on government and corporate bonds is currently subjected to a 
withholding tax of 5% (plus applicable surcharge & cess). If fixed income assets are held for less than 12 months, a short-
term capital gains tax of 30% is also levied (http://www.incometaxindia.nov.in/panes/non-resident-specific-content.aspx).
Deutsche Bank is not a qualified tax advisor. Tax information may vary. Kindly seek formal tax guidance for details. 
Page 22 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076825 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223009 
EFTA01379388

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379389.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Indonesia 
During the 1990s, Indonesia operated a heavily 
managed FX regime - essentially a fixed conversion 
rate with pre-announced intervention bands (initially 
+1-0.25%) in a framework for creeping depreciation. 
But being too slow to move the market rate up, Bank 
Indonesia was forced to widen its intervention bands 
times between January 1994 and September 1996. 
Then, as the Asian Financial Crisis took hold, and a 
further widening in July 1997 failed to stabilize the 
currency, IDR was allowed to float freely on August 14. 
The spot market spiked to 17,000, from 2,500. 
After the Asian Crisis - and under the supervision of an 
IMF program till 2003 - authorities sought to use FX 
policy - via higher interest rates, regulations over 
market access, direct intervention and moral suasion -
to dampen market volatility and encourage a stronger 
rupiah. Today, the BI website notes prominently: "Bank 
Indonesia has one single overarching objective: to 
establish and maintain rupiah stability" 
In the early 2000s and after the 2008 crisis, a stable to 
stronger rupiah contributed to lower inflation and 
reduced external debt servicing costs, while strong 
capital inflows and a stable current account allowed BI 
to fully repay IMF debt and build international reserves 
However, things began to change in 2011 as the 
current account deteriorated and capital financing 
became more erratic. Illiquidity and multi-tiered FX 
prices were often a concern. Intervention led to 
significant drawdown in reserves over 2013 during the 
taper-tantrum. Market stress prompted authorities to 
tighten monetary and fiscal policy, and make efforts to 
improve FX liquidity. 
In the past few years, responsible macroeconomic 
policy-making from inflation management, fiscal 
prudence, reform focus, reserve rebuilding, improved 
price discovery and transparency appears to have paid 
off. A number of regulatory changes have also taken 
effect from the mandatory use of rupiah for domestic 
transaction to hedging requirements on private non-
bank external debt in 2015, While exposure to offshore 
debt holdings is still among the highest in the region, 
the IDR spot market depth has improved, the current 
account deficit has moderated and become more 
sustainable, external debt has peaked, and reserves 
coverage looks more comfortable. From 2017 onwards, 
BI appears to have adopted a more apparent volatility 
management strategy for the rupiah, accumulating 
significant amount of reserves to keep the currency 
near fair value, and preventing large swings in FX. 
The rupiah is convertible on the current account: while 
not open on the capital account, policies have 
accommodated increased FDI and portfolio flows. 
USDIIDR exchange rate 
16000 
14000 • 
12000 
10000 
WOO • 
6000 
4000 - 
MOO -• 
USD/IDR spot rate and 3M NDF premium 
16000 
Spot 
1,400 
—IDR 
15000 
—IDR 3M Forward Points, RHS 
1.200 
14000 
l 1.000 
13000 
t 800 
12000 -1
600 
11000 
400 
10000 
I. 260 
9000 
0 
8000 
200 
USD/IDR 3M historical vs. implied volatility 
-10
06 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 
Scow 08 abbe Minton Fns'!'. Snotty° Hew IO 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 23 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223010 
DB-SDNY-0076826 
EFTA01379389

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379390.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
FX options 
Regulatory: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Onshore CCS 
Regulatory: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Tenor: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
IRS 
Regulatory: 
Tenor: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
Fixing page: 
Short- te; m money 
Regulatory: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
Government bond 
Regulatory: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
FX options transactions that are permitted: 
1. One leg plain vanilla call / put. 
2. Call spread (governed by OJK regulation on structured product). 
Close to zero in recent years. 
As per FX forward market 
USD 2 - 5mn 
- 5 years 
- 100bp 
Unable to estimate as highly irregular 
Reuters <IDUSCS=EXCO >, anuAoi> 
For NR, IRS transactions must be supported by underlying economic activities. 
- 5 years 
Unable to estimate as highly irregular 
Reuters <INJA01> 
Reuters page <JIBOR> 
market Ins:0 uments (cash market, lope) 
Onshore banks can lend excess IDR to BI through an overnight window called the Deposit 
Facility (DF) at a fixed predetermined rate (currently 75 bps below the Ell 7 day reverse repo 
rate). 0/N repos are available to onshore banks at the Lending Facility, only for the purposes of 
BI acting as the lender of last resort (currently 75bps above B1 reverse repo rates). 
IDR 50 - 250bn 
IDR 5 - lOtn 
Reuters <INJAMM> 
Foreigners are allowed to access the onshore government bond market. BI has discontinued 
the issuance of SBIs and replaced them with SDBIs, which are not accessible by foreigners. 
IDR 10 - 50bn 
- 50bp 
IDR 8-10tn 
Bloomberg INDORB <GOVT> (Variable Rate BONDS), INDOGB<GOVT> (GOVT BONDS). 
Bloomberg page <DABA8>. Bloomberg INDOTB<GOVT> (SBI), Bloomberg SDBIU<GOVT> 
(SDBI), Bloomberg IDMA, Bloomberg INDOBL <GOVT> (SPN) 
Offshore IDR products 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation applies. No access to onshore players. 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Fixing reference: 
Fixing page. 
Page 26 
USD 5mn 
IDR 5-15 for 1M, IDR10-40 for 3M-12M 
USD 0.5.1.2bn 
Weighted average spot rate onshore from Eam-9:45 Jakarta (2 business day before value date) 
Reuters page <JISDOR>, 11:00am Singapore time 
Deutsche Bank Securities inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076829 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223013 
EFTA01379390

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379391.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Malaysia 
Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) has a dual responsibility 
of conducting monetary policy and fostering financial 
stability, including the FX market. The main policy 
instrument is the Overnight Policy Rate (OPR). 
On July 14 1997, during the Asian Financial Crisis, the 
ringgit was allowed to float. After falling by about 60%, 
the government on September 2, 1998, announced 
extensive capital controls and the country's reversion 
to a fixed exchange rate. MYR was pegged at 3.80 to 
the USO. Seven years later, Bank Negara announced 
the end of Malaysia's peg to the US dollar within 30 
minutes of China's de-pegging announcement on July 
21, 2005, and reverted to a managed float. 
Most capital account restrictions were progressively 
dismantled after 2005, mostly the area of outward 
investment and fund raising activity. Government 
initiatives focused on boosting inward FDI and 
revitalizing domestic markets. BNM announced several 
liberalization measures, including scrapping caps on 
inter-company loans, caps on FX hedging by residents, 
rules governing issuance of securities onshore and 
offshore, and importantly, freeing up the currency 
offshore for trade settlement. The MYR is traded in the 
inter-bank market in China directly versus RMB. 
After a long period of progressive liberalization, BNM 
was forced to defend the currency over 2014.16, 
drawing down reserves sharply due to broad-based 
USD strength, a decline in oil prices, domestic credit 
concerns, external debt liabilities, and foreign outflows. 
Authorities also began to actively discourage overseas 
investment by government-linked asset managers. 
In Nov 2016, after renewed USD strength and 
outflows, BNM adopted stronger regulatory defense of 
the MYR. Banks were reminded of the prohibition on 
facilitating NDFs, with many global banks attesting to 
non-participation in offshore MYR trading. Liquidity in 
the NDF market has significantly declined. BNM has 
focused efforts on deepening onshore FX markets, to 
provide hedging capacity and liquidity. Beginning 
December 2016, BNM imposed a requirement on 
exporters to convert 75% of their proceeds into MYR. 
Resident and non-resident investors were given access 
to a dynamic hedging facility, wherein 25% of their 
AUM could be actively hedged and cancelled without 
documentation. This was liberalized to 100% in May 
2017. Corporates with MYR assets, borrowings or 
current account flows can also freely hedge and 
Page 28 
unwind 100% of their exposure via forwards. Liquidity 
in onshore forwards has been picking up slowly. 
USD/MYR exchange rate 
4.4 • 
- 
• 
2.8 
2.4 
2.0 
es 
so 
USDIMYR spot rate and 3M onshore forward premium 
Ms(13 Spot
 400 
r 
Foiward Points, RFC 
E 360 
4.4 
300 
260 
4.0 
3.6 
[ 150 
3.2 
[ 100 
2.9 
60
. 200 
USD.:PAYR daily onshore FX market turnover 
USD 94 
—FX Spot 
1.10 
—RA Fenvards a Op000t RIG 
CO 
0.90 
o80 
0.70 
060 
Scam DO Obode/Arne /9444998404 
050 
040 
0.30 
0.20 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223015 
DB-SDNY-0076831 
EFTA01379391

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379392.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
▪ 
The central bank, Bank Negara Malaysia ("BNM"), is the primary regulator of the financial sector 
(http://www.bnm.gov.my). BNM, through the Office of the Controller of Foreign Exchange, also sets and manages 
FX policy. 
▪ 
The Securities Commission ("SC") regulates issuance and offering of securities (http://www.sc.com.mv).
• 
In May 2016, BNM established the Financial Markets Committee to broaden industry engagement. 
• 
Effective from 18 July 2016, BNM adopted a new methodology to calculate the USD/MYR spot fixing based on 
market transaction data known as the Kuala Lumpur USD/MYR Reference Rate. It is published daily at 3:30 p.m. 
and computed based on weighted average volume of the interbank USD/MYR FX spot rate transacted by the 
domestic financial institutions between 8:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. This replaced a quotation-based submission by 
selected banks. An expanded official closing hour for the onshore ringgit market from 5pm to 6pm also came into 
effect. 
httv://www.bnm.aov.mv/index.pho?ch=en oress8roa=en oress&ac=4196&lana=en 
Malaysia's Foreign Exchange Administration (FEA) Notices governing the buying and selling of ringgit by residents 
and non-residents can be reviewed here: 
http://www.bnm.ctov.mv/index.php?lang=en&ch=feanog=en fea circulers&ac=258&lang=en 
In November 2016, BNM released a circular "Prohibition of Facilitation of NDF Related Transactions" which 
reiterated the non-internationalization of the MYR and the non-recognition of any offshore trading in the currency 
http://www.bnm.gov.mv/index.php?ch=en press&pq=en press&ac=4295&lan -en 
In December 2016, in the "Supplementary Notice on Foreign Exchange Administration Rules," BNM announced a 
number of initiatives to develop the onshore financial market, including liberalization and deregulation of the 
onshore ringgit hedging market, streamlining treatment for investment in foreign currency assets, and incentives 
and 
new 
treatment 
for 
export 
proceeds. 
These 
can 
found 
here: 
hffp://www.bnm.gov.my/index.php?ch=en_press&pg=en_press&ac =4316&lang=ent 
Residents were allowed to freely and actively hedge their USD and CNH exposures up to a NOP limit of RM 
million per client per bank. A one-time declaration of non-participation in speculative activity would suffice. 
Resident and non-resident fund managers were allowed to actively manage up to 25% of their invested assets 
under a dynamic hedging framework. To qualify for this arrangement, registration with BNM would suffice. To 
broaden accessibility of foreign investors and corporates to the onshore FX market, offshore non-resident financial 
institutions 
may 
participate 
in 
the 
Appointed 
Overseas 
Office 
framework: 
http://www.bnm.aciv.mv/index.php?ch=en oress&pq=en oress&ac=4318 
• 
Beginning December 2016, exporters may only retain 25% of their export proceeds in foreign currency and all 
payments by resident exporters for settlement of domestic trade in goods and services are to be made fully in 
ringgit. Previously, only receipt of export proceeds was required onshore, with no retention limit on foreign currency 
holdings, and exporters could make trade-related payment in foreign currency. Exporters are however able to hedge 
and un-hedge up to 6 months of their foreign currency obligations. 
• 
Further liberalization of FEA rules was announced in May 2017 in Supplementary Notice (No. 2): 
http://www.bnm.aov.mv/index.pholch=en announcement&pq=en announcement&ac=533&lano=en. 
This 
introduced additional hedging flexibilities in the dynamic hedging framework of institutional investments and a 
hedging framework for corporate entities. A non-resident institutional investor registered with BNM was now 
allowed to dynamically hedge up to 10O% of invested underlying MYR denominated assets (RHS USD buying) and 
enter into a further 25% of MYR forwards (LHS US selling), with these positions able to be freely unwound. 
Corporates with MYR assets, borrowings or current account transactions could freely unwind up to 100% of their 
exposures via forwards. GBP. EUR and JPY were added to currencies which residents could hedge without 
documentary evidence up to RM6mn per bank. 
• 
Supplementary Notice 3, released in September 2017, allowed registered non-bank non-residents to enter into 
forward contracts up to the NOP of MYR denominated crude-palm oil futures or options on the Bursa Malaysia: 
http://www.bnm.goy. my/documents/2O17/SupplementanP/02ONotice%2ONo.3.pdf 
• 
In April 2017, Malaysia allowed the regulated short-selling for Malaysia Government Securities (MGS) 
htWs://fast.bnm.qov.mv/fastweb/publicffiles/Policv%20Documene/020one/020Requlated%20Short-
Sellind1/4 20of%20Securities%20in%20thec/020Wholesale%20Monev%20Market%20-%20April%202017.pdf 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 29 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076832 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223016 
EFTA01379392

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379393.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Onshore MYR products 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 5m 
Bid/Ask Spread: 
20-40 pips (varies depending on market conditions) 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 800mn 
Trading hours: 
8:00am to 6.00pm, Kuala Lumpur/Singapore time 
EX Forward t,t,>:tt 
Ionct dataxi FX font:at:I 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 50mn for below lweek, USD10m for term swaps 
Tenor: 
Up to 12 months 
Bid/ask spread: 
10-40 pips 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 2.0bn, approximately 80% of which is for below 1 week tenors 
FX option:, 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
vol 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 10mn 
Fixing page: 
No fixing page for onshore 
Onshore CCS 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 20mn 
Tenor: 
- 10 years 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 20bps 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 20mn 
IRS ERA 
Liquidity: 
Fair 
Avg. ticket size: 
MYR 50mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
5bp for 1 - 7Y, 10bp for > 7Y 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 10-20K DVO1 
Fixing page: 
Reuters page <KLIBOR>, 11.00am Singapore time 
Short term money market instruments (BA/CP/repot 
Liquidity: 
BNM is the key participant in the repo market. BNM uses the repo as a money market tool to 
manage liquidity. 
Avg. ticket size: 
CP: MYR 50mn; BA: MYR 0.5mn; Repo: MYR 50mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 5bp 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 200mn 
Page 30 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076833 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223017 
EFTA01379393

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379394.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Government bond 
Liquidity: 
Fair 
Avg. ticket size: 
MYR 20mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
3.7 bp 
Avg. daily volume: 
MYR 2.0bn 
Clearing and settlement regulation 
Foreign investors can settle Malaysia government securities either through Euroclear or Clearstream. Given these 
securities have to be settled onshore, foreign investors must open a securities account with an appointed Primary 
Dealer. In terms of clearing and settlement, all contracts executed under Malaysia's two exchanges (securities and 
derivatives) have to be done via the Fixed Delivery and Settlement System. 
Taxation 
There is no withholding tax on interest income derived from investments by non-residents in all ringgit-denominated 
bonds 
and 
Islamic 
securities 
ifittp://rmbond.bninsg.Q.VMYIROrtalfeetVeLP2ORenniletObilD=212.t3iiiP_ateritnerne=k1Y.P.0904Piltrelitidifi.&090g.E2Ain... 
hi userid=22874&cached=true). In addition, there is also no capital gains tax or any stamp duty related to issuance or 
transfer 
of 
Malaysian 
government 
or 
private 
debt 
securities 
(httos://asianbondsonline.adb.oraimalaysia/buyinaraovernment/how to.ohol. Deutsche Bank is not a qualified tax advisor. 
Tax information may vary. Kindly seek formal tax guidance for details. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 31 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076834 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223018 
EFTA01379394

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379395.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
Fixing page: 
Short-term money 
Regulatory: 
Liquidity: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
Government bond 
Regulatory: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. source: 
25bp 
PHP 100mn 
Reuters page <PHIRS>, Bloomberg broker page <ICPH1> 
Floating leg fixes against the 3mth FX forward implied, as seen on Bloomberg page <PHRFF>, 
11:30am Manila time 
alai ket inStrurnaltS 
Non-Residents are not allowed to access the onshore market. 
Good for overnight, poor for term 
PHP 200mn for overnight, PHP 100mn for term 
12.5 - 25bp 
Irregular 
Bloomberg page PPCALL <Index>, PICRV<Index> 
A local interbank repo market was launched in November 2017. As of December 2017, 
participation and activity in this market has been limited as many institutions have yet to 
complete the required documentation needed to participate in the market. Moreover, only a 
handful of pre-selected securities are allowed to be used as collateral. Repo trading activity 
should start to pick up toward the second half of 2018 as more participants come online. The 
development of the repo market will eventually pave the way for shorting of PHP securities as 
it allows for genuine securities borrowing and lending. 
PHP 50mn 
2.5 - 20 bps 
PHP 11bn 
Bloomberg page < PDEX1>, Bloomberg broker page < ICPH3, AMSP5, TPPH10, TRPH3> 
Offshore PHP products 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation applies. NDF transactions with onshore counterparties are subject to 
certain regulations. All NDF contracts with residents shall be settled in pesos. For resident 
banks, NOP limit is 20% of the bank's unimpaired capital or USD50mn, whichever is smaller. 
Fixing: 
The PHP fix is the weighted average spot rate of trades in the onshore spot market done from 
9:00am until 11:30am Manila time, one day before settlement date. The fixing rate is 
announced at 11.30am (Manila time). 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Fixing page: 
USD 5mn 
0.02 for 1M, 0.03-0.05 for 3M-12M 
USD 0.5-1.0bn 
Reuters page <PDSPESO>, Bloomberg <PHFRRATE> 
Non-Deliverable Option (NDO) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation applies. 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Fixing page: 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
USD 20mn 
0.4 vols 
USD 50-150mn 
Bloomberg <PHFRRATE Index> 
Page 35 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076838 
SDNY_GM_00223022 
EFTA01379395

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379396.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.2 vols 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD500mn-1.5bn 
Ref. Source: 
Reuters page <SGD= D2> 
Fixing page: 
Reuters page <ABSFIX01>, 11:00a.m. Singapore time 
Onsholt: CCS 
Regulatory: 
No restrictions. However, please note that CCS should not be used to circumvent the MAS 
Notice 757 restriction on SGD FX Swap with Non-Resident Financial Institutions. 
Avg. ticket size: 
SGD 50m for tenor shorter than 2Y 
SGD 20m for tenor longer than 2Y 
Tenor: 
Out to 30yr. Liquid tenors are 1 - 10 years 
Bid/ask spread: 
3-5bp for tenor 2Y-10Y, 2 bps for tenor shorter than 2y, 10bp for tenor longer than 10Y 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 50m. Actual daily trade volumes tend to be volatile as CCS is infrequently traded. 
Ref. Source: 
Reuters page <PYSGD>, <TRADSGD1> 
Fixing page: 
Reuters page <ABSFIX1>, when USD LIBOR is released 
IRS 
Regulatory: 
No restrictions 
Avg. ticket size: 
SGD 100m for shorter than 2Y. SGD 10m - 20m for longer than 2Y 
Tenor: 
Out to 30 years, with liquid tenors of 1 - 10 years 
Bid/ask spread: 
2-3bp 
Avg. Daily Vol: 
SGD 500m 
Ref. Source: 
DB Bloomberg page <DBSZ9>, Broker Reuters page <PYSGD>, <TRADSGD1> 
Fixing page: 
Singapore Swap Offer Rate (SOR). Reuters page <ABSFIX1> 
Short-term money rnat ket instruments (t-billsicepoiSIBOR:SOR) 
Regulatory: 
Same restrictions as in MAS Notice 757 for money-market instruments. 
Liquidity: 
Mostly concentrated on 0/N and 1W for cash and repo market; 1M and 3M bills released 
weekly; 6M bills released biweekly 
Avg. ticket size: 
Various 
Bid/ask spread: 
12bp for cash market, 10bp for repo 
Avg. daily vol: 
SGD 1.0-1.5bn for cash market, SGD 50 m - 100mn for repo 
Ref. Source: 
Reuters page <PYSGD> <ISGDO1> 
Government bond 
Regulatory: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. Source: 
No restrictions on foreign participation. 
SGD 5m 
SGD 0.04 for tenors below 2 years; SGD 0.10 for tenors below 5 years; SGD 0.20 for tenors 
below 10 years; SGD 0.30 for tenors below 15 years; SGD 0.40 for tenors below 20 years; SGD 
0.60 for tenors above 20 years 
SGD 1500m 
Reuters page <ONSGBMK=>, Bloomberg page <DABA9> 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 39 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076842 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223026 
EFTA01379396

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379397.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Clearing and settlement regulation 
For foreign investors, SGS can be cleared using international bodies such as Euroclear and Clearstream as well as MAS 
electronic book entry clearing system as long as the investor has an account onshore. There is also OTC clearing in 
Singapore, which is subject to SGX clearing rules. 
laxation 
Foreigners are not taxed on capital gains or interest income proceeds from Singapore government securities. The 
interest income exemption to foreign entities is not applicable when the foreign entity has a permanent establishment or 
tax presence in Singapore and the funds used for investment in SGS are obtained from Singapore operations. Similarly, 
interest exemption to individuals is not applicable where such income is derived through a partnership in Singapore or is 
derived from the carrying on of a trade, business or profession in Singapore. Deutsche Bank is note qualified tax advisor. 
Tax information may vary. Kindly seek formal tax guidance for details. 
Page 40 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076843 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223027 
EFTA01379397

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379398.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approacI1 
▪ 
The Ministry of Strategy and Finance (MOSF) is the financial policy maker (http://english.mosf.ao.kro.
• 
The Bank of Korea (BoK) is the central bank. It is independent of MOSF and is primarily responsible for inflation 
targeting formulation and the implementation of monetary policy. It enforces foreign exchange laws and monitors 
market activity. (hnp://www.bok.or.kr).
• 
Foreign exchange policy is principally determined by MOSF, while 6OK oversees foreign exchange movements 
• 
Key pieces of legislation governing FX are the Foreign Exchange Transaction Act4 (FETA) and Foreign Exchange 
Transaction Regulations (FETR)5. Other legislations can be found at 
htto://www.mosf.go.kr/lw/entexlaw.do?bbsld=MOSFBBS 000000000058&menuNo=7060000 
• 
Supervisory functions are consolidated under the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC), which was established 
in 1998 (talpllnfsc.00.krieng). and its executive enforcement arm, the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS). 
which was established in 1999 (htto://englishiss.or.kr). 
• 
While derivatives are mostly used for hedging purposes, particularly for general investors pursuant to Financial 
Investment Services and Capital Market Acts, some investment activities are allowed for 'professional investors' 
only. In addition, authorities can from time to time make changes to FX regulations so as to deter speculators or 
minimize 
the 
impact 
of 
speculation 
on 
the 
volatility 
of 
the 
exchange 
rate 
(htt
les.,g_o.krienglish/korLawEngisessionictsEcauLls148thns8Erg
wafr_sie 
426sMvflvrorKoO,moteg al servlet enaine2?ostSea=573938(oadelndex=10). 
• 
Documentation requirements for doing business in Korea can be found at (htto://www.investkorea.orq).
• 
Financial Investment Services and Capital Market Acts can be found at: 
hturfienglish fss or.kr/fseengtwogeieng321jsa 
Onshore KRW products 
• 
Korean financial institutions which meet qualifying conditions and are registered with the MOSF as an FX handling 
institution and approved by FSC as licensed financial institutions for OTC derivatives business may enter into 
general interest rate or currency derivative transactions with Non-Residents without MOSF approval. All credit-
linked derivative transactions are to be reported to the BoK. 
• 
KRW may not be provided to Non-Residents in excess of certain limits except in connection with their investments 
in Korea and other legitimate transactions. 
• 
Korean securities companies which obtain a license for OTC derivatives may deal in derivative transactions relating 
to securities, interest rates or indices. 
X spot 
Regulatory: 
Supporting documentation (including a declaration or approval of proper regulatory authority 
for a capital transaction, i.e., a loan, guarantee or investment) should be submitted to a foreign 
exchange bank (FX Bank) prior to trading if there is to be physical delivery. The documentation 
handling process usually takes 1 to 2 days. 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 1mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
KRW 0.1 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 6bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <KFTC01>,< KFTC11> for Interbank only 
Trading hours: 
9:00am - 3:30pm, Seoul time (No lunch time). Spot hours were extended by 30 mins effective 
August 2016. 
hnol/wwwmoleg.00.krionglishAorLawErcoession.d=9J204cOlca0919ZI4kF9o0b03iRAJON0R8MpS6HFuaisZPIeLORCirimUKbYVCa moleg al _sonAtet_engan 
e21pstSeq=50773&psgeinclex=26 
hnpl/www.Law.go.ki/ORFilawService.dolOC.more&targetelaw&MST.181382&1ype•FITML&mobileYn. 
Page 42 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076845 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223029 
EFTA01379398

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379399.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Non €:ht':iverable IRS 
Regulatory: 
No restrictions 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 20 -50mn 
Tenor: 
6M - 20 years 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 2bps 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 2-4bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <IKRWIRS> <PYKRW> 
Floating Leg: 
Korean Local Banks CD rate (KWCDC Index) 
Conventions: 
Act/365, Act/365 (Fixed/Float), Quarterly Fixed versus 91 D KRW CD 
Non-Deliverable CCS 
Regulatory: 
No restrictions 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10mn 
Tenor: 
- 10 years 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 20bps 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 10-20mn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <PYKRW> <IKRWIRS> 
Floating Leg: 
6M LIBOR 
Conventions: 
Semi-Annual KRW Fixed Act/365 versus 6M USD LIBOR Floating. Act/360 
Clearing and settlement regulation 
The Korea Securities Depository (KSD), the country's sole central securities depository, conducts the clearing and 
settlement of securities. KSD is under the supervision of the Ministry of Strategy and Finance, the Financial Supervisory 
Commission (FSC), and the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS). Foreign investors need to register with the FSS and 
obtain an Investment Registration Number/Certificate (IRC) prior to opening accounts. In addition, prior to placing an 
order, foreign investors must also appoint (1) a standing proxy who will file for the IRC and open a trading account with 
a local securities company, (2) a custodian bank who will facilitate domestic settlement, and (3) a foreign exchange 
bank. However, for a resident foreign individual or corporation, a standing proxy is not needed. 
Securities purchases or sales by non-resident investors have to be settled physically at the KSD or at a custodian bank. 
The 
original 
order 
is 
placed 
with 
a 
local 
broker 
or 
standing 
proxy 
(https://www.ksd.or.kr/eng/static/EB1305000000.home?rnenuNo=86). Both exchange and OTC transactions typically 
settle 
T+1. 
However, 
when 
foreign 
investments 
are 
involved, 
T+3 
settlement 
is 
common 
(https://www ksd or kr/eng/static/EB1006009000 home7menuNo=109). 
Taxation 
Effective January 2011. a withholding tax (WHT) of 14% on interest income plus 1.4% local tax (bringing total 
withholding tax to 15.4%, http://english.mostoo.kr/) on non-resident investments in KTBs and MSBs was reintroduced. 
This WHT rate may be reduced by applicable double tax treaty. A 22% net capital gains tax (including the local surtax), 
or 11% on gross sale proceeds, whichever is lower, was also introduced. Income double tax treaties do provide an 
exemption from capital gain tax on disposal of KTBs and MSBs by non-residents. Deutsche Bank is not a qualified tax 
advisor. Tax information may vary. Kindly seek formal tax guidance for details. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 45 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076848 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223032 
EFTA01379399

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379400.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Taiwan 
The Central Bank of China is responsible for conducting 
both monetary and exchange rate policies. There is no 
formal inflation target, but the CBC has a medium-term 
objective of keeping M2 growth in a range. The central 
bank's main policy instrument is the discount rate, 
though in practice it uses several tools such as OMOs 
and the FX rate to influence monetary conditions. 
Over the past two decades, the TWD market has been 
managed actively by the central bank. The objective is 
to smooth day-to-day volatility in the spot market and 
ensure that currency moves reflect fundamentals and 
real economic transactions rather than speculative 
activity. Preventing excessive appreciation of the TWD 
is also desirable to maintain export competitiveness. 
Such active management had led CBC to become one 
of the largest holders of foreign reserves. CBC has 
historically tended to enjoy positive carry on its 
reserves sterilization given low domestic rates. 
Taiwan continues to enjoy large current account 
surpluses, and is consequently a significant net investor 
to the world with large overseas portfolio investment 
by local asset managers. Acwiated hedging activities 
have a meaningful - generally depressive - impact on 
the NDF curve, resulting in negative carry to the TWD. 
This has led it to regularly be seen as a regional funder 
carry trades. 
A recent improvement in ties with the Mainland has led 
to 
several 
initiatives 
to 
facilitate 
cross-border 
investment and direct conversion of RMB into TWD at 
licensed institutions. In 2013, direct clearing and 
offshore trading of RMB began in Taiwan with the 
launch of yuan-denominated operations such as 
deposits, loans and remittances. The NT dollar is 
convertible for current account transactions, but more 
restricted on the capital account. 
Page 46 
USD/TVVD exchange rate 
is 
IS 
USDITVVD spot rate and 3M NDF premium 
az 
—7WD Spot 
—TWD3PA Forward Points, REIS 
la 
0.6 
0.4 
0.2 
0.0 
USD/1WD 3M historical vs implied volatility 
• 
Nom Speed 'an' —3M Invited —3M Rethzed 
la 
05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 
Sant a darn Aiskon lieson't Sitombn firma LP 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076849 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223033 
EFTA01379400

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379401.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
FX lolward'svv:aplIong.deted ITX for..vorci 
Regulatory: 
Offshore counterparties with underlying exposures can hedge with onshore banks. Non-residents 
have to provide the underlying documents before trade execution. Underlying transactions must be 
verified every 2 weeks. In cases of hedging without underlying exposure, transactions must be 
executed within the regulatory limits with maximum net lending of THB to non-residents capped at 
THB600mn, and net borrowing of THB from non-residents limited to THBl0mn. 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 20 mn 
Tenor: 
Less than or equal to 1 year 
Bid/ask spread: 
THB 0.01-2.00 (depends on the tenor) 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 0.6 - 1.5 bn for T/N to 1 month, USD 0.3-0.8 bn for 1-12 months 
Ref. Source: 
Reuters page <THBFIX> 
FX options 
Regulatory: 
Plain vanilla and structured derivatives according to BOT's notifications are allowed. Onshore 
options are allowed for hedging of real underlying exposures. Fls must verify the evidence for the 
customer's underlying exposure. A bi-weekly review is required to ensure that the value of the 
underlying is not less than that of the option contract. In cases of hedging without underlying 
exposures, any transactions that are equivalent to resident buying FX are subject to the 
THB10rnn limit, while any transaction equivalent to selling FX in the future are subject to the 
THB600mn limit. There is currently a very limited onshore interbank options market in Thailand. 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 5m -20 m 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 3 Vol 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 20m 
Ref. Source: 
Nil. 
Fixing page: 
Tokyo cut, 3PM Tokyo 
Onshore GCS 
Regulatory: 
Non-Residents are not allowed to access the onshore deliverable market unless substantiated 
by an underlying economic transaction. Transactions must be between banks and clients with 
supporting underlying economic transactions. In cases of hedging without underlying 
exposures, transactions must be executed within the regulatory limits as described in the 
regulatory framework section above. Offshore can trade CCS (deliverable market) with offshore 
counterparties but the prices are different from onshore, and the market is not that liquid. 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10-30 mn 
Tenor: 
1.10 year 
Bid/ask spread: 
bp 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 50m 
Ref. Source: 
Reuters page <APTH06> 
I R::/FHA 
Regulatory: 
Fixing rates (6 month) are based on FX swap implied rates. Non-Residents are allowed to 
undertake IRS/FRA with the following conditions: 1) transactions shall not result in banks 
receiving negative interest payments and 2) banks in such transactions shall pay non-residents 
in foreign currencies. 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 15.65 mn 
Tenor: 
6m-10 year 
Bid/ask spread: 
1-4 bps 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 1-3bn 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 53 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076856 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223040 
EFTA01379401

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379402.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Czech Republic 
The Czech koruna (crown) replaced the Czechoslovak 
koruna at par on 8th February 1993. The koruna has 
been free floating since Jan 1997, when the managed 
float regime was abolished. Prior to January 1997, the 
koruna was managed against a basket of USD and 
DEM with intervention bands of 44-7.5% around central 
parity. 
The foreign exchange regime was fully 
liberalized in 1999. 
The koruna is fully deliverable and convertible. Spot is 
liquid in both USD/CZK and EUR/CZK but EUR/CZK is 
the dominant cross with around 85% of transaction 
volume. EUR/CZK has also taken-over from USD/CZK 
as the most important cross in the FX forward and 
options market. 
Czech Republic joined the EU in 2004 and therefore has 
a commitment to join the Euro at an unspecified future 
date. In order to enter the Eurozone, it must first meet 
all Maastricht criteria. 
The primary objective of the Ceska Narodni Banka 
(CNB) is to maintain price stability, as defined by a 
target of 2% +/-1%. Policy decisions are made by the 
seven-member Board which meets eight times per year. 
On 7 November 2013 the CNB Bank Board adopted a 
one-sided exchange rate commitment set at CZK 27 to 
the euro. The commitment lasted until 6 Apr 2017 
when the Board decided to end the commitment at an 
extraordinary 
monetary 
policy 
meeting. 
The 
discontinuation of the exchange rate commitment 
means that the koruna exchange rate now moves 
according to supply and demand on the foreign 
exchange market. 
Page 56 
USD/CZK and EUR/CZK exchange rates 
300 
350  
JO 0 
ZS 0 
200 
ISO 
100 
SO 
•  
0 
100 
ISO 
100 
SO 
4r 4 40  4 4 4" 4" 4" 4" 4,  " 40' 
11/4/01% to 
moo-IAD/CD( ant 
Moto Data** Sint illoomOmy Pion IP 
USDIC7K and 
imphed yields 
.05 
-30 
3s 
-20 
-25 
-30 
-35 
-10 
/ 
e 
p 
11ecd 
mo use/Ca 1m Implied yekl.11o 
—41501C24 .rhs 
San ()Abdo Berk 
0 
0 
U 
:4 
230 
120 
210 
200 
EUR/CZK implied and historical volatility 
120 
100 
6.0 
4,0 
2.0 
0.0 
J0 
4.0 
.0.0 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2011 
2015 
2016 
2017 
mmolood 3m vol 
len vol 
Soave Dane?. fla* abentep firs:ea ,
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076859 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223043 
EFTA01379402

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379403.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
Czech National Bank regulates exchange rate policy and is responsible for implementing monetary policy 
(htto://www.cnb.c>). 
• 
The major monetary policy tool of the CNB are the 2W liquidity-absorbing open-market operations. The repo is 
competitive and the CNB accepts bids up to the level of the policy rate and to the level of the expected liquidity 
surplus. The CNB has an interest rate corridor that regulates volatility in money market rates. Fine-tuning 
instruments are used ad hoc, mainly to smooth "unexpected liquidity fluctuations" in the market. In addition, 
depository institutions are subject to a 2% minimum reserve requirement. 
• 
FX interventions are purchases or sales of foreign currencies against the Czech koruna on the foreign exchange 
market by the CNB. They are aimed at dampening foreign exchange market volatility and/or easing/tightening 
monetary policy. FX interventions are not a regularly used instrument in the inflation targeting regime. The standard 
instrument is interest rates. 
CZK products 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily volume: 
Ref. source: 
Trading hours: 
EUR 10mn 
CZK 0.01 
EUR 0.5-0.7bn 
ECB fixing <ECB37> 
8:30-16:30 London 
FX lorwardmwep 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10mn (FX forwards); USD 100mn (FX swaps up to 3M), USD 30mn (swaps up to 1Y) 
Liquid Tenors: 
<1Y 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 4.2bn (FX forwards + FX swaps) 
Bid/ask spread: 
CZK 0.01-0.07 
FX options 
Avg. ticket size: 
EUR 10mn 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 100mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
1.0 vol 
IRS 
PRA 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10-20k DV01 
Liquid tenors: 
IRS 1Y-10Y and FRAs out to 9X12 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 50.150k DV01 across the curve 
Bid/ask spread: 
2-3bps 
Fixing: 
3M PRIBOR for 1Y IRS; 6M PRIBOR for IRS 2Y+ 
Ref source: 
Reuters Page <PRIBOR=> 
Government Tatills and bonds 
Regulatory: 
Bonds are bearer securities and are held in the Prague Securities Centre; investors need to 
arrange access through their custodian. There are no restrictions on non-resident investors. 
Interest is taxed at 15% but this can be reduced or eliminated with double-taxation treaties. 
Liquidity: 
3Y-10Y 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 1-3mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
5bp 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 10-50mn 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 57 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076860 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223044 
EFTA01379403

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379404.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
Exchange rate policy and supervision is conducted by the Central Bank of Egypt (hupliwww cbe.orses), which is 
also responsible for implementing monetary policy. 
The main policy instruments of the CBE are the overnight deposit and lending rates; these define the bounds of the 
overnight inter-bank rate. The CBE interacts with the market through regular deposit auctions. 
• 
The Egyptian pound is convertible only for permitted underlying transactions, capital controls persist. Forwards are 
available via the NDF. 
• 
A withholding tax of 20% applies to government 1-bills; this can be reduced using double taxation treaties. 
EGP products 
NOTE: the figures below are approximations at the time of printing, these are exceptional times as we are still early days 
post the liberalization of the FX regime after a 5 year period of restriction. 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 1-5-1mn 
EGP 0.15-0.30 
USD 50 
No auctions or intervention by CBE post free float thus far 
Trading hours: 08:00-02:00London (at time of printing, these are exceptional hours) (Interbank Spot trading is not 
available). 
Non deliverable FX forward 
Avg. ticket size: 
5.0 mn 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 30-60mn 
Liquid tenors: 
Bid/ask spread: 
<2Y 
EGP 0.04-0.06 
Ref. source: NDF fixing reference Reuters <FEMF> 12:30pm 
Government T-bills and bonds 
Regulatory: transactions are now recorded electronically on a system which links the primary dealers, CBE and Cairo 
and Alexandria Stock Exchange (CASE) with the Misr Settlement, Clearing and Central Depository (MCSD). Most trading 
is OTC with only a few bonds quoted on CASE. A 15%-20% withholding tax (depending on home country tax rate) on T-
bills was introduced in May 2008. This only applies to government T-bills issued from May 2008 onwards and does not 
affect payments on government bonds. Foreign investors face no restrictions on holding 1-bills or bonds but often use 
TRS or CLN for convenience. The market trades Sunday-Thursday. 
Avg. ticket size: USD 2-5mn 
Daily turnover: USD 50.70mn 
Bid/ask spread: T-bills: 30-50bp, 1-bonds: 50-100bps 
Tbill Issuance :Every Sunday - 3m and 9m 
Every Thursday - em and 1y 
All settlement takes place on Tuesdays. 
(note: working week in Egypt is Sunday to Thursday) 
Cut off for bid submission 
10:00 CAI 
announcement after 1 pm CAI 
Cut off 
Mkt oonvondon 
FX settlement 
4:00 CAI 
1+2 
Bills 
1:30 CAI 
T+0 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 59 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076862 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223046 
EFTA01379404

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379405.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
▪ 
The Bank of Ghana (BOG) is responsible for both exchange rate and monetary policy (http://www.bog.gov.gh) 
▪ 
The cedi is fully deliverable and convertible however liquidity for deliverable forwards is very tough and market is 
virtually nonexistent for offshores. 
GHS products 
DI spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily volume: 
Trading hours: 
USD 0.5-1.5mn 
GI-IS 0.05 
USD 2-5mn 
10:00-14:00 London 
Offshore GHS products 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 2-5mn 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
GHS 0.10-0.20 
Ref. source: 
EMTA approved dealer poll conducted by REUTERS (GHSFIX=TR) 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 61 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076864 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223048 
EFTA01379405

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379406.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
▪ 
The National Bank of Hungary regulates exchange rate policy. and is also responsible for implementing monetary 
policy (http://www.mnb.hu). 
• 
The principal policy rate is the rate on the three-month NBH deposit (base rate). The NBH deposit is available 
through a fixed rate tender for the counterparties, with the rate set as the policy rate. From the tender held on 
October 2016, access to the three-month deposit facility is subject to quantitative restriction, currently fixed at 
HUF75bn as of end-2017. NBH maintains an asymmetric overnight interest rate corridor. Rate on O/N deposits 
equals to the base rate minus 105bps, while on O/N collateralized loans it is equal to the base rate. 
• 
The Hungarian forint is a fully deliverable and convertible currency. 
HUF products 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
EUR 10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
HUF 0.2 
Avg. daily volume: 
EUR 1bn 
Ref. source: 
ECB fixing <ECB37> 
FX forward:swap 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 20mn (FX forwards); USD 75mn (FX swaps) 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
HUF 0.4-1.4 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 100-200mn (FX forwards), USD 2-3bn (FX swaps) 
F>: options 
Avg. ticket size: 
EUR 20mn 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.5 vols 
IRS r• FRA 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10k DV01 
Liquid tenors: 
IRS 1Y-10Y and FRAs out to 9X12 
Bid/ask spread: 
2-4bp 
Daily volume: 
FRA S50k dv01. IRS S150k dv01 
Fixing: 
3M BUBOR for 1Y IRS; 6M BUBOR for IRS 2Y+ 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <BUBOR=> 
Government 1.hills and bonds 
Regulatory: 
T-bills and Bonds trade OTC and on Budapest Stock Exchange (BSE). 
Bonds are 
dematerialised bearer securities. Clearing and settlement of trades occur on the Central 
Clearing House and Depository (KELER). There is no withholding tax on interest paid on 
Hungarian securities owned by a legal entity. Individuals are charged withholding tax at 20% 
but this can be reduced or eliminated through double taxation treaties. There are no 
restrictions on non-resident ownership of Hungarian government bonds and T-bills. 
Liquid tenors: 
3Y-15Y 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 3mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
4bps 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 63 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076866 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223050 
EFTA01379406

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379407.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Kazakhstan 
The tenge is the monetary unit of Kazakhstan, 
introduced in November 1993 to replace the ruble at a 
rate of 1 tenge = 500 rubles. A floating exchange rate 
regime was introduced in April 1999. However, the 
tenge remained a managed float and there was limited 
flexibility against the dollar or ruble in recent years. In 
August 2015, the tenge shifted to a free float. Due to 
this change, the tenge lost 30% of its value in a single 
day. However, the transition to a free float is not yet 
complete and in practice the currency remains heavily 
managed. 
The NBK is accountable to the Kazakh President, but 
within the limits of authority granted by the legislation, 
is independent in its activity. Its primary objective is to 
ensure price stability, i.e. keeping inflation within the 
Bank's defined range of 6-8%. In 2015, the NBK 
announced plans to increase the efficiency of the 
interest rate channel of the transmission mechanism by 
expanding the system of tools for regulating liquidity 
and also introducing a new "base" interest rate. The 
interest rates of monetary policy tools will be linked to 
the base rate. Standing facility interest rates will form 
the upper and lower limits of the money market rate 
fluctuations. In the event of tightening or easing of 
monetary policy, the base rate may accordingly be 
raised or lowered, which will entail a change in the rest 
of the interest rates. 
Despite the planned transition to free float and liquidity 
management via the rates corridor, neither of these 
have been completed yet. In the transitional phase, the 
National Bank will adhere to an exchange rate corridor 
regime and will allow for a more flexible exchange rate, 
to the extent that it will not be contrary to achieving the 
inflation targets. In the event of foreign exchange 
shocks, ensuring stability in the financial market will 
become the priority . 
USD/KZT exchange rate 
1500  
4000  
3500  
3000 
2500  
200 0 
1500 
1000  
500 
0.0  
2004 2003 2006 2007 2001 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
US0NZT 
tow bubo.* Sint Sibemberp are* IP 
USD/KZT and 3M KZT implied yield 
120 
100 
so 
d 19 d 
.2 
d 
d d 
Arts a* at 1 
4' 
113,3/41T Ire 4,76441y649.ths 
—930X2T Art 
Sall*bb-NM. Sant 
MOO 
5409 
1300 
1200 
3100 
3000 
2900 
Page 66 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076869 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223053 
EFTA01379407

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379408.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
The National Bank of Kazakhstan regulates exchange rate policy and is responsible for implementing monetary 
policy (http://www.nationalbank.kz). 
• 
The official USD/KZT rate is determined on the basis of foreign exchange auctions (for USD, EUR and RUB) that are 
held daily. KZT trades both OTC and on the stock exchange (KASE). 
Onshore KIT pi oducts 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 5mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
'CT 0.15 - 1 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 200-300mn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters Page <AFINEX02> 
Trading hours: 
10:15-18:00 London 
Deliverable Forward 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 2mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
KZT 4 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 20mn 
Offshore KZT products 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 2mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
KZT 4 
Tenor: 
<1Y (low liquidity up to 5Y) 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 10mn 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 67 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076870 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223054 
EFTA01379408

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379409.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Kuwait 
The Kuwaiti dinar was introduced in 1961 under the 
Kuwait Currency Board which had the authority to 
issue notes and coins. The Central Bank of Kuwait 
(CBK) was established in 1969 with a wider role in 
setting monetary policy. From March 1975 - January 
2003 Kuwait fixed its exchange rate to an undisclosed 
currency basket which was estimated to be heavily 
weighted in USD. Kuwait changed its exchange rate 
regime to a +1-3.5% band around a central USD parity 
(0.29963/USD) in January 2003 as other 
Gulf 
Cooperation Council (GCC) countries moved their SDR 
pegs to official USD pegs in the run up to the proposed 
GCC common currency in 2010. In May 2007, the 
country reverted back to a peg against an undisclosed 
currency basket against a backdrop of broad-based 
USD weakness and rising inflation. Our estimate for 
basket composition is 75% USD, 16% EUR, 5% JPY, 
4% GBP. 
CBK's principle activity is to issue the Kuwaiti Dinar on 
behalf of the State of Kuwait. It is also mandated with 
assisting the growth of the national income and 
controlling the banking system in the country. 
The dinar is fully deliverable and convertible. 
USD/KWD spot 
0.30 
039 
0.38 
0.33 
036 
0.35 
0.14 
2009 
2009 
3010 
2011 
1012 
2013 
2014 
1025 
2016 
2017 
USOIXIVO 
twee 04040. art Iletrnberp &tow IP 
USD/KWD and KWD 3M implied yield 
IS 
IA 
OM 
0.4 
, 
,1 s 
4, 
0  
/ 
# 9 
# ce de 
USI)A9W1) In linked yolk ihs 
—USWAVD4In 
Skeet —Sink 
Page 68 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076871 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223055 
EFTA01379409

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379410.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
The Central Bank of Kuwait regulates exchange rate policy and is responsible for implementing monetary policy 
(http://www.cbk.gov.kw). 
• 
The Kuwaiti Dinar is a fully deliverable, fully convertible currency 
KW[) product 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 5-10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
KWD 0.00015-0.00020 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 100-300m 
Ref. source: 
Central Bank of Kuwait <CBKK> 
Trading hours: 
07:30-15:00 London 
EX forward/swap 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 25mn (FX forwards); USD 25mn (FX swaps) 
Liquid tenors: 
<3y 
Bid/ask spread: 
KVVD 0.00040-0.00070 (1Y) 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 100-300m 
Ref. source: 
<DBMEFWD> 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 69 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076872 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223056 
EFTA01379410

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379411.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Nigeria 
The Nigerian naira was introduced in 1973, replacing 
the pound at a fixed rate of 2 naira to the pound. 
Although the naira has gone through multiple regime 
changes over the years it is at present classified as a 
managed float. 
Nigeria suffers from the unique situation that the 
government is the main recipient, and therefore 
supplier, of foreign exchange in the economy, through 
oil-related 
taxes and 
revenues 
of 
the 
NNPC. 
Meanwhile, the bulk of the private sector has a 
continuous shortage of FX for imports and other 
foreign exchange payments. Only authorized dealers 
are allowed to buy and sell FX with the CBN. An 
interbank market for FX (IBEM) sets the market rate for 
the naira. 
In February 2015 the WDAS window was scrapped. All 
transactions are now channeled to the interbank 
market. The CBN sells USD directly at the interbank 
market at a fixed rate of currently NGN/USD 197. The 
CBN further introduced an order based two-way quote 
(OB2WQ) foreign exchange market. This means that 
authorized dealers are only allowed to buy USD if they 
have a matching order from a customer, i.e. an 
importer. In early July 2015 the CBN restricted the 
importers of 41 items from access to the interbank 
market. This pushed demand to the BDC segment of 
the market and resulted in a spread between the 
interbank rate and the BDC exchange rate (currently 
around 15%). The CBN sporadically provides USD to 
the BDC segment of the market via direct sales. 
Nigeria has been grappling with low oil prices and a 
security crisis in its oil rich delta region where militant 
strikes on pipelines has seen its production drop to 
near 30 year lows. In June 2016, the CBN announced it 
was moving to a free floating FX regime. USDNGN 
devalued some 60 pct going from the official rate of 
199 to 284 in the first week then stabilizing at 315-320 
levels in the months after. The free float did little to 
entice foreigners back into the market and with CBN 
being the only supplier of USD, liquidity worsened and 
the parallel rate widened to 460. In December 2016 
Nigeria announced it was delaying its Eurobond 
issuance till the end of the first quarter 2017 with hints 
of FX reform underway. 
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
-
USD/NGN exchange rate 
40000 
35000 
30000 
23000 
20000 
15000 
10000 
5000 
000 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2004 200 2010 2031 2012 2031 2014 2035 2016 /01; 
USOMG0 
30u0. Dean. Sit libreberp Pirate& 
NGN & 12m T-bill yield 
250 
200 
150 
100 
SO 
0.0 
• 
• 
4009 
1500 
3000 
 2500 
2000 
1300 
1000 
500 
OD 
Ln04 Ln09 140-10 9031 140-12 1.40-13 94.14 16.15 las.16 !12.12 
12w T4s4 vett Ma 
—uSO/NGII 
Scant 04403the 84/31/4.411bembirp an* (P 
Page 70 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076873 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223057 
EFTA01379411

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379412.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
The government is the main recipient, and, therefore, supplier of foreign exchange in the economy, through oil 
related taxes and revenues of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation. 
• 
A Certificate of Currency Importation (CCI) is required for foreign investors to buy FX. These are issued when FX is 
imported into Nigeria. 
• 
The central bank uses a monetary targeting regime. Under this regime, it uses policy instruments to influence its 
targets, the reserve and broad money aggregates. The CBN's official target is to keep inflation in the range of 6-
9%. A central component of policy is the interest rate corridor around the monetary policy rate (MPR). The central 
bank intervenes in the money market through the interest rate corridor, where the rate on a standing lending facility 
constitutes the ceiling and the rate on the standing deposit facility is the floor. The MPR is the midpoint between 
these rates. By adjusting this corridor, the central bank seeks to influence interest rates in the interbank market and 
thus the willingness of banks to hold naira. MPR lowered to 11% and the range around the MPR was changed to 
+200bps and -700bpds for the bank's lending and deposit facility, respectively. 
• 
Open market operations and reserve requirements are also used to help manage liquidity. Each week the central 
bank auctions treasury bills and, less frequently, federal government bonds. A repurchase (repo) market 
complements open market operations. The central bank also modifies bank reserve requirements to influence 
liquidity. 
• 
Current details can be found at http://www.cenbank.org/default.asp 
Onshore NGN products 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD $1-2mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
NGN 0.30-0.50 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 500mn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <NGNFIX=> 
Trading hours: 
08:00-13:00 GMT 
Government T-bills and bonds 
Avg. daily volume USD 200mn (1-year lock up for T-bills was removed in July 2011, there are no lock ups currently in 
place) 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 3.5mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
50-70bp 
20-45bp (bonds) 
Offshore NGN products 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) (NAFEX and NIFEX) 
On Dec 15 2017, the FMDO announced the cessation of NIFEX with a proposed final NIFEX rate to be published on 
March 28, 2018. (This proposal was still open for feedback at the time this guide was published.) 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Ref. source: 
USD 1-2mn 
NGN 5.00 - 7.00 
Reuters page <NIFEX01>, BBG page: NGN FM DA <CRNCY> 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 71 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076874 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223058 
EFTA01379412

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379413.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory Framework and Approach 
▪ 
The National Bank of Poland regulates exchange rate policy and is also responsible for implementing monetary 
Policy (61192ATATW,A2P.,129. 
▪ 
The key policy rate of the NBP is the 7-day reference rate. The MPC also sets the Lombard rate, the rediscount rate 
and the NBP deposit rate. The NBP uses a combination of open market operations, reserve requirements and credit 
deposit operations to influence short-term market rates. The NBP conducts open market operations through the 
issuance of 7-day T-bills on Fridays; the minimum yield is set at the reference rate. The Lombard and deposit rates 
are respectively the maximum cost of securing funds from the NBP and the interest rate on deposits at the NBP; 
they, therefore, set the ceiling and floor for overnight market rates. 
▪ 
The Polish zloty is a fully accessible, fully convertible currency. 
PLN prosjucts 
FA spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
EUR 10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
PLN 0.0015 
Avg. daily volume: 
EUR 1-1.5bn 
Ref. source: 
ECB fixing <ECB37> 
FX tooevaidiswap 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 20mn (FX forwards); USD 50mn (FX swap up to 3M), USD 30mn (up to 1Y) 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
PLN 0.002 - 0.008 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 0.2bn (FX forwards), USD 3.5bn (FX swaps) 
F:C options 
Avg. ticket size: 
EUR 20mn 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.4 vol 
IRS + FHA 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10k DV01 
Liquid tenors: 
- 10Y and FRAS out to 9x12 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 3bps 
Fixing: 
3M WIBOR for FRA and 1Y; 6M WIBOR for IRS 2Y+ 
Ref. source: 
<WIBOR=> 
Government T-bills and bonds 
Regulatory: 
There are no limits on foreign investment in Polish government t-bills and bonds. Custody and 
settlement of bonds and T-bills are managed locally through the National Depository for 
Securities (KDPW). There is a withholding tax of 10% on interest payments. This can be 
reduced or eliminated through double-taxation treaties. 
Liquid tenors: 
- 10Y 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 5 - 10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 3bps 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 73 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076876 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223060 
EFTA01379413

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379414.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Qatar 
The Qatari rival was introduced in 1966. The currency 
was initially used by both Qatar and Dubai until Dubai 
entered UAE in 1973. In 1975, the riyal was pegged to 
the IMF's Special Drawing Rights (SDRs), but 
effectively the currency has been fixed to the dollar at 
3.64 since 1980. The peg to the dollar was formalised 
in 2001. Qatar is a member of the Gulf Cooperation 
Council (GCC) and remains committed to a common 
currency. 
The Qatar Central Bank (QCB) conducts exchange rate 
policy with the aim of retaining the stability and the 
free convertibility of the QAR. Monetary policy is 
determined by the Monetary Policy Committee and is 
implemented with a view to supporting the dollar peg. 
The QCB is led by a board of five directors. 
The riyal is fully deliverable and convertible. 
-
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
-
USD/OAR exchange rate 
3SS 
360 
375 
3.70 
365 
3.60 
2007 
2000 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
1015 
2016 
141040A14 
3c3to, bubo. limit libronberpawat., 
USDiOAR and 3M OAR FX-implied yields 
3S .  
tinasertiw
i 
#41 / 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
-11SD/0,0A Irr lorplod 60141.110 
—USIS/0,90.410 
Saute dui363•EYnt 
• 31 
Page 74 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076877 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223061 
EFTA01379414

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379415.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Romania 
The leu was introduced in 1867. Romania left the gold 
standard in 1914 and the leu's value fell. A revaluation 
took place on August 15, 1947. replacing the old leu at 
a rate of 20,000 old lei = 1 new leu. At the time of its 
introduction, 150 new lei equalled 1 USD. On January 
28, 1952. another new leu was introduced. Unlike the 
previous revaluation, different rates were employed for 
different kinds of exchange (cash, bank deposits, debts 
etc.) and different amounts. These rates ranged from 20 
to 400 "old lei" for 1 "new" leu. From 1994 to 1997 the 
leu was freely-floating before becoming a managed 
float against USD and baskets of EUR and USD. At the 
end of October 2004, the National Bank of Romania 
(NBR) abandoned the basket and moved to a more 
flexible exchange rate. On 1st July 2005 the leu was 
redenominated, with the old ROL being converted to 
RON at a rate of 1 RON = 10,000 ROL. On 1st 
September 2006, the NBR eliminated the remaining 
capital controls and completed the liberalisation of the 
capital account. 
Romania joined the EU in 2007 and therefore has a 
commitment to join the Euro at an unspecified future 
date. In order to enter the Eurozone, all five Maastricht 
criteria must be met including the commitment to enter 
ERM-II and maintain EUR/RON +/-15% around a 
selected "parity" rate for at least 2 years. 
The NBR is run by the Board of Directors, which 
consists of nine members and is led by a Governor. The 
NBR moved to direct inflation targeting in 2005. The 
inflation target has been 2.5% with a +/- 1% variation 
band since 2013. 
The exchange rate regime of the leu currently in place 
is that of a managed float, in line with using inflation 
targets as a nominal anchor for monetary policy. 
The leu is both fully deliverable and convertible. Spot is 
liquid in both USD/RON and EUR/RON but EUR/RON is 
viewed as the economically correct way to take a view 
on the leu. 
Page 76 
FUR/RON and USD/RON exchange rates 
0.5 
. 
. 
.
.
. 
2004 2005 2006 2007 20012 2009 2010 2011 2012 2023 2014 2015 2016 2017 
SO 
4S 
IS 
1.0 
Of 
tiSDIADN.thi 
AVM Deuesol brit abornbery awn& 
VW w ROW 0000 up to A4.05 
USD/RON and RON 3M imp€teci yield 
- 
-
0, 
400 it.‘ 4, 
it 
A 
/Vs 1O
A 
S A 
$ 
#1 
6%A 
O CS
1.150/110N3in6y0640 
IM 
•—••••1150/RON ,ths 
- 3.1 
3.7 
Segto• Oteache EOM 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
USD/RON implied and historical volatility 
120 
100 
6.0 
4.0 
2.0 
0.0 
-20 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Del•• notial 
.irrol 3m vol•••••••••11623mvol 
Sotto* Pomo* Dot Oitontrfro Rae LP 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076879 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223063 
EFTA01379415

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379416.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Russia 
Russia formally abandoned the ruble trading corridor 
on 10-Nov-14 and switched to a managed floating 
exchange rate regime. 
The CBR formally targets a 
reduction of CPI to 4% by 2017 and to maintain that 
target in the medium run. 
The CBR declares their intention to allow fundamentals 
to set the exchange rate and they claim to have no 
fixed constraints or targets for the level of the ruble. 
However, they reserve the right to intervene to prevent 
financial instability. In 2015 they purchased just over 
$10bn during May-July as USD/RUB rebounded from 
to 60 according to data available on the CBR 
website (http://www.cbr.ru/eng/hd_base/?Prtld=valint). 
Monetary policy decisions are taken by the CBR board 
of directors, consisting of twelve directors and 
Governor Elvira Nabiullina. The members of the board 
will meet at least eight times in 2016, typically issuing 
a statement every 6th or 7th Friday at 13:30 Moscow 
time. These statements announce the key rate. In the 
past the refinancing rate was also set at these 
meetings, but as of 11-Dec-15, it will be equated with 
the key rate, and independent refinancing rate values 
will not be set. In their words, interest rates are set "on 
the economic outlook and assessment of risks to 
achieve the inflation target over the mid-term horizon, 
and also on possible threats to sustainable economic 
growth and financial stability." 
The ruble is fully deliverable and convertible. Prior to 
the 1998 crisis, NDFs were actively traded both 
onshore and offshore but the NDF market is now 
mostly offshore. NDFs are usually quoted outright and 
in USD/RUB. An EMTA fixing rate is used as a 
reference to cash-settle contracts. Interest-bearing 
deposit accounts may also be opened, as was the case 
before the liberalisation of the capital account (July 
2006), effectively allowing for the participation of non-
residents in the deliverable FX market. 
Page 78 
USD/RUB P. EUR/RUB exchange rates 
1000 
900 
800 
100 
600 
SOD 
400 
100 
200 
100 
• 
- 00 
900 
• $00 
• 100 
4? 4 
40. 
•es's 
44. 
4' 
u11/940 m. 
San 0.40664 Sark Abornimvp Anne* 40 
—
11$00010 
USD/RUB and RUB 3M implied yield 
105 
100 
9.s 
BA 
7-, 
6.s 
<I 
tit  
CI 
1.% 
664. 62 
# 
1
—v19/Rue Im npled v940. On 
---1000943 
Snot Oant* Int 
USD/RUB implied and historical volatility 
000 
600 
400 
Xi 0 
•20 0 
.400 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2013 
2016 
2017 
BBBBIDnereMul••••••Invl art. vol.vvvvItO In, vol 
Snow* Dann.* an. 0/00,00.9 Itnenc•IP 
600 
SO4 
400 
300 
100
100
62A 
614 
600 
590 
S4 0 
• Sl 0 
310 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076881 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223065 
EFTA01379416

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379417.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
The Central Bank of Russia implementing monetary policy and intervenes in FX markets to preserve financial 
stability (http://www.cbr.ru). 
• 
1-week, 28-days and 12-month FX repo auctions are held periodically to aid Russian companies rolling over foreign 
currency denominated liabilities, principally USD. Allotments are typically several billion dollars in size but have 
been as large as $6bn. State-owned exports have been encouraged in the past to increase foreign currency sales to 
support the ruble. 
• 
The Russian ruble is a fully accessible. fully convertible currency. Both deliverable and non-deliverable FX markets 
exist but the majority of the market trades deliverable. Non-deliverable spreads are slightly wider than deliverable 
spreads following the ruble turmoil. The latest BIS tri-annual survey ranks the ruble twelfth in FX turnover with a 
1.6% total FX share, the third most liquid EMFX currency behind China and Mexico (and ahead of Norway in the 
G10). 
Onshore RUB products 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily volume: 
Ref. source: 
Trading hours: 
FX forward swap 
Avg. ticket size: 
Liquid tenors: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Ref. source: 
C oss• Cu I runty swaps 
Avg. ticket size: 
Liquid tenors: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Fixing: 
Ref. source: 
USD 10mn 
RUB 0.04 
USD 8-9bn 
EMTA fixing for NDF cRUBMCMEEMTA=>; backup fixing is EMTA RUB Indicative Survey 
Rate; www.emta.org 
7:00-16:00 London 
USD 10-50mn 
<12M 
RUB 0.01.0.20 
Reuters Page <DBMP> 
USD 1-2k DV01 
lY - 5Y 
10-20bp 
USD 3M LIBOR 
Reuters Page <DBMP> 
Regulatory: 
Government bonds, including OFZs. are fully euroclearable. so one can trade both on MICEX 
and OTC with e/c settlement. Foreigners don't pay any taxes, only locals. 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 1 - 3 mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
- 30 bp 
Ref. source: 
Micex Reuters <NRUTSY=MM> 
Offshore RUB products. Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10mn 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily volume: 
Ref. source: 
RUB 0.10-0.30 
USD 300mn 
Reuters page <DBMP> 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 79 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223066 
DB-SDNY-0076882 
EFTA01379417

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379418.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Saudi Arabia 
The Saudi Arabian riyal (SAR) was introduced in 1961, 
replacing Saudi silver coins and foreign currencies. 
Until 1986 the currency displayed some flexibility with 
the SAR initially appreciating after the first oil price 
spike in the mid-1970s. The currency weakened 
steadily through the early 1980s until being pegged to 
the IMF's Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) in 1986. In 
practice, the SAR has been a de-facto peg to the USD 
at a rate of 3.75/USD. The peg to the USD was 
formalised in early 2003 to make official the GCC pegs 
to the USD in the run-up to the proposed GCC common 
currency. 
The Saudi Arabia Monetary Agency's (SAMA) primary 
functions are: 
• 
To deal with the banking affairs of the Government; 
• 
Minting and printing the national currency (the 
Saudi Riyal), strengthening the Saudi currency and 
stabilizing its external and internal value, in 
addition to strengthening the currency's cover; 
• 
Managing 
the 
Kingdom's 
foreign 
exchange 
reserves; 
• 
Managing the monetary policy for maintaining the 
stability of prices and exchange rate; 
• 
Promoting the growth of the financial system and 
ensuring its soundness; 
• 
Supervising commercial banks and exchange 
dealers; 
• 
Supervising cooperative insurance companies and 
the self-employment professions relating to the 
insurance activity; 
• 
Supervising finance companies; 
• 
Supervising credit information companies. 
The riyal is fully deliverable and convertible. It is backed 
by gold and other foreign currencies. The predominant 
cross is USD/SAR, but EUR and GBP crosses also trade 
regularly. Options are quoted on USD/SAR. 
USD/SAR exchange rate 
3.1$ 
314 
112 1-
110 
166 
2008 
2009 
2010 
1011 
2012 
2013 
2011 
2011 
2016 
2011 
—USOISAA 
Son Dosack•Santabomligrpfteneet• 
J 
USD/SAR and SAR 3M implied yield 
2.0 
1.5 
IA 
t
od 0:0 400 
1 
# 0 1 
4, 
—mtAO/SAII 3m imaled !Mick 
---`1A0/SAO .r 
Sa•n O.6c3•Aan 
Page 80 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076883 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223067 
EFTA01379418

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379419.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
The Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency regulates exchange rate policy. and is also responsible for implementing 
monetary policy (http://www.sama.gov.sa). 
• 
SAMA has two policy rates, the official repo rate and the reverse repo rates. Banks can tender government T-bills to 
the repo in exchange for SAR funding. SAMA also uses changes in reserve requirements to tighten or loosen credit 
conditions. 
• 
The Saudi Riyal is a fully deliverable and convertible currency. 
Onshore SAR products 
FX spot market 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 25 - 100mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
SAR 0.0004 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 1.3bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters Page <SAMA01> 
Trading hours: 
7:30-17:00 London 
FY for wetde:swops 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 25mn (FX forwards); USD 25mn (FX swaps) 
Liquid tenors: 
<5Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.0020 - 0.0040 (1y) 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 1.5-3.0bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters Page <DBMEFVVD> 
FX options 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 50mn 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.6 vol 
IRS market 
Avg ticket size: 
USD 5-10k DV01 
Bid/ask spread: 
10bps 5Y 
Fixing: 
3M SAIBOR 
Ref source: 
<SAIBOR=> 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 81 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076884 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223068 
EFTA01379419

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379420.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 201& Still Fuel in the Tank 
South Africa 
The rand was first introduced in 1961, coinciding with 
the establishment of the Republic of South Africa. It 
replaced the South African pound as the legal tender. 
Since 1995, after the abolition of the financial rand and 
capital controls for non-residents, the rand has been 
freely floating. The South African Reserve Bank (SARB) 
has, in the past, intervened in the market to 
accumulate foreign exchange reserves, but these have 
rarely had an immediate effect on the level of the 
currency. 
South Africa has followed a strategy of progressively 
easing exchange controls on capital transactions since 
1994. With the abolition of the financial rand in 1995, 
all exchange controls on non-residents were eliminated. 
However, only fully registered dealers are allowed to 
conduct foreign exchange transactions. Non-residents 
are free to purchase shares, bonds and other assets 
without restriction and to repatriate dividends, interest 
receipts, and current and capital profits, as well as the 
original investment capital. There are residual controls 
on the actions of residents, but these mostly refer to 
the lending of rand. 
The SARB regards its primary goal in the economic 
system as "the achievement and maintenance of price 
stability". The Bank has an inflation target of between 
3% - 6%. The Bank transmits its interest-rate policy to 
the market by providing refinancing to banks at its 
repurchase rate, which is determined by its Monetary 
Policy Committee (MPC). The MPC comprises of six 
members, including the Governor. 
In August 2010 the Bank changed its monetary policy 
implementation framework. Two main changes were 
announced. Firstly, the Bank introduced measures 
aimed at streamlining the monetary policy operations 
by announcing the daily average of the estimated 
weekly liquidity requirement. In addition, the Bank's 
refinancing operation only accepts Government and 
SARB denominated debt as eligible collateral. 
The rand is a fully deliverable and convertible currency. 
and is most often quoted and traded vs. USD. 
Page 82 
USD/ZAR & EUR/ZAR exchange rates 
200
16.0 t 
14.0 
12,0 t---
iao  
SO 
 180 
"--
160 
140 
0 
200 
t to 
6.0 
 f 2.0 
 0.0 
40 40 40 4,  4r 4° 4r 4r 4r 4r 4r 4r 4P 
—WD/AR 
Scut* Deane /1494 abonorp knot, 
USD/ZAR and ZAR 3M implied yield 
6.2 
to 
7.8 
7.6 
1.4 
7.2 
1.0 
6.6 
ISO 
143 
140 
135 
130 
3 125 
r 120 
I- 115 
• 
. 
• 
• 
• 
130 
:4 
:4 
4 4 
, 
4 4 
:4 
o's ,4 
,4 4 
le 46 41 oe
•••••USO/ZAR 34.4•444044.14 On 
-..n•USORAR 
Seines 044/0.64/* 
USD/ZAR implied and historical volatility 
300 -.-
0 
200 
150 
100 
S 0 P rilr aCalitinr4111rteadall 
0 
A
-200 
2010 
2011 
1012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
201/ 
1111•0414,44 tot 
irro4 Ito vol ••••••-.6513rnsol 
secre• dam** atisk &baron inn. lP 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076885 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223069 
EFTA01379420

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379421.pdf
----------------------------------------
Liquid tenors: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
▪ 
The South African Reserve Bank regulates exchange rate policy and is responsible for implementing monetary 
Policy (bitzammy..Le_semkenEse_ael. 
▪ 
The official policy rate is the 7-day repo rate. To ensure that the repo rate is effective, the SARB drains liquidity from 
the market in order to compel the banks to borrow from the SARB at the repo rate. The SARB drain liquidity using 
the issuance of SARB debentures, long-term reverse repos and FX swaps. Repo and SARB debenture auctions are 
conducted on a Wednesday. Long-term-reverse repo operations are conducted on Mondays. The SARB also holds 
supplementary 1-day (reverse-) repo tenders at the repo rate and has a standing facility at the repo rate +/-50bp. The 
statutory reserve requirement is set at 2.5%. 
▪ 
The South African rand is a fully accessible, fully convertible currency for non-resident investors. There are residual 
controls on the actions of residents, but these mostly refer to the lending of rand. 
▪ 
ZAR transactions can be settled in CLS. 
Onshore ZAR products 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
ZAR 100 pips 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 4bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters Page <ZAR=> 
F.< forwalCilSW8p 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 50mn (FX forwards); USD 100mn (FX swaps up to 1Y) 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
ZAR 0.0:3 - 0.05 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 1 bn (FX forwards); USD 9bn (FX swaps) 
FY options 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 30mn 
Liquid tenors: 
<1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.5 vols 
fiS + IRA 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 5k DV01 
Liquid tenors: 
- 10Y IRS; to 21X24 FRA 
Bid/ask spread: 
bps 
Fixing: 
3M JIBAR 
Ref. source: 
Reuters Page <DBMIN/1> 
Government T-bills and bonds 
Regulatory: 
Spot bonds are exchange-traded. In 1996, control of the market passed from the Bond 
Exchange of South Africa (BESA) to JSE. Currently more than 375 government and corporate 
bonds are listed on BESA. Bond settlement and custody are managed locally at the Central 
Securities Depository. There are no restrictions on non-resident ownership of South African 
government bonds or T-bills. 
2Y - 30Y 
USD 5k DV01 
bps 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 83 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076886 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223070 
EFTA01379421

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379422.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Turkey 
The Turkish lira (TRW was first introduced in 1927 and 
replaced the Ottoman lira which had been in circulation 
since 1844. After persistently high inflation from the 
1970s to the 1990s, the lira was replaced by 'the New 
Turkish Lira' (TRY) on 1st January 2005 at a rate of 
TRY = 1.000,000 TRL. Following a four-year transition 
period, the 'new' marking was removed and its official 
name has again become 'the Turkish lira'. A three-year 
disinflation program was launched in 2000 which 
envisaged two different FX regimes. The first was a 
fixed exchange rate regime that incorporated daily 
announcement of a currency basket (formed of USD 
and EUR) until June 2001. The second regime, 
implemented between July 2001 and December 2003, 
entailed introduction of a crawling peg regime against 
the same basket. However, the program had to be 
abandoned during the 2001 crisis and the lira is now a 
fully floating currency with no target levels. 
The primary objective of the Central Bank of the 
Republic of Turkey (CBRT) is to achieve and maintain 
price stability, while the Bank also considers financial 
stability as a vital component for achieving its objective. 
Furthermore, as long as not in conflict with the primary 
objective of price stability, the CBRT also supports the 
growth and employment policies of the government. 
The CBRT adopted inflation targeting first implicitly 
between 2002 and 2005. and then formally since 2006. 
The target for 2015 and 2016 is 5.0% (+/- 2%). The 
CBRT is organized as follows: the Bank is led by a 
board, which consists of a Governor and six members. 
The Board oversees the Monetary Policy Committee 
(MPC), which consists of seven members, and is led by 
the Governor of the Central Bank. The Committee 
meets 8 times a year to set the policy rates. 
The CBRT intervenes directly or through flexible 
auctions in the market, in case of unhealthy price 
formation. The Bank purchased FX through daily 
auctions until July 2011, with the aim of building up 
reserves. Since August 2011. the CBRT sold FX at daily 
auctions with the aim of supporting the lira. At times of 
severe market stress the CBRT directly intervene by 
selling USD to the market. Since December 2014, the 
CBRT has been selling FX directly to BOTAS, the state 
energy importer, on a monthly basis to avoid undue 
volatility in the FX market. Since January 2017. the 
Bank has also been conducting one-week FX swap 
auctions to release FX liquidity to the system. CBT has 
also launched TRY-settled forward FX sale auctions 
since November to support FX hedging efforts of the 
corporate sector. The lira is fully convertible and 
deliverable. Spot is generally quoted in USD/TRY, but 
EUR/TRY is regularly traded and other crosses such as 
TRY/ZAR and TRY/ILS are also quoted and traded.. 
Page 84 
USD/TRY & EUR/TRY exchange rates 
$0 
to 
3o 
I. 20 
's 
In 
OS 
— 
0.0 
2004 2005 2006 2001 KW 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—....EUIVTRY slu 
--'•WO/n1Y/6s 
Sages Pam**6N, tikanto, fawne• LP 
USEXTRY end TRY 31v1 implied yields 
14.0
130 ! 
120 
110 
100
eon-
de 1 40 or 40 
046 eff e 
e 
3m Masa vi. 
Phs 
—360/TRY 
Ante Daises Sant 
4.1 
3./ 
3.6 
3.4 
33 
..-
- 91 
USD/TRY implied and historical volatility 
200 
1$ 0 
100 
.50 
.100 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2913 
1014 
1015 
2016 
201/ 
11111190411trentol —Mel 3m vol —
OM 3.333.7I 
Scwot. babas Dan, OtionOnfronotIP 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076887 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223071 
EFTA01379422

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379423.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
The Central Bank of Turkey regulates exchange rate policy and is responsible for implementing monetary policy 
• 
The official policy rate is the one-week repo rate. The CBRT also sets an overnight lending rate, which is currently 
125bps over the policy rate, and an overnight borrowing rate, which is currently 75bps below the policy rate. The 
CBRT also uses the late liquidity window (active between 16:00 and 17:00 on the day), which is currently 425bps 
over the policy rate. The CBRT set reserve requirements for banks in both local and foreign currency 
a 
The Turkish lira is a fully deliverable and convertible currency. 
TRY products 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
TRY 0.002 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 4 • 5bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters Page <CBTA> 
FX forward/swap 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 25mn (FX forwards); USD 100mn (FX swaps up to 1M), USD 10mn (swaps up to 2Y) 
Liquid tenors: 
<2Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
2-7bps 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 3.0bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters Page <DBTRBNK> 
ft>, options 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 30mn 
Liquid tenors: 
<2Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.4 vol 
Cross-currency swaps 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 10k DV01 
Bid/ask spread: 
5.7bp 
Fixing page: 
USD 3M LIBOR 
Government 
rid bonds 
Regulatory: 
Settlement and clearing are provided by Takasbank. All custodian banks have accounts at 
Takasbank. T-bills and bonds are traded both OTC and on the ISE. Settlement conventions 
depend on the time of trade execution; trades before midday are settled T+0 and trades after 
midday are settled T+ 1. Bonds are quoted by clean price and CPI-linkers are quoted clean and 
real. T-bills are quoted on a simple yield basis. Any withholding taxes only apply to securities 
issued before 2006. There are no restrictions on foreign ownership of Turkish government debt. 
Liquid tenors: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Ref. source: 
1Y, 2Y, 5Y, 10Y 
USD 10mn 
2-5bp (T-bills); 5-8bp (T-bonds) 
Reuters Page <DBTRBNK>, Bloomberg page <DBTR> 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 85 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076888 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223072 
EFTA01379423

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379424.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
The Central Bank of the UAE regulates exchange rate policy and is responsible for implementing monetary policy 
(http://www.centralbank.ae). 
• 
Monetary policy is conducted using a series of instruments: minimum reserve requirements, swap operations, 
advances & overdraft facility for banks, prudential regulation and the issuance of Certificates of Deposits (CDs), 
liquidity support facility. 
• 
The UAE dirham is a fully accessible, fully convertible currency. 
AED products 
FX spot 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 25-100mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
AED 0.0002 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 1-3bn 
Ref. source: 
Central Bank of UAE <CBEM> 
Trading hours: 
7:30-17:00 London 
FY for war &swap 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 50mn (FX forwards): USD 50mn (FX swaps) 
Liquid tenors: 
<5Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
AED 0.0020-0.0040 (1y) 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 1.2bn 
Ref. source: 
Reuters Page <DBMEFVVD> 
F < options 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 50mn 
Liquid tenors: 
<2Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
0.4 vol 
IRS 
Avg ticket size: 
USD 5-10k DV01 
Bid/ask spread: 
10bp 
Fixing: 
3M EIBOR 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <AEIBOR=> 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 89 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076892 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223076 
EFTA01379424

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379425.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Argentina 
Argentine FX arrangements were plagued by monetary 
mismanagement and inflation throughout most of the 
twentieth century leading to periodic large devaluations. 
The Peso Ley replaced the Peso Moneda Nacional in 
1970 at a rate of 100 to 1, which was itself replaced by 
the Peso Argentino at a rate of 10,000 to 1 in 1983. In 
1985, this was again replaced by the Austral at a rate 
of 1,000 to 1, though this soon collapsed via hyper-
inflation. Beginning April 1st 1991, Argentina operated 
a currency board system with the Peso (converted from 
the Austral at 10,000 to 1) pegged to the dollar at the 
rate of one to one, every peso in principle backed by 
hard currency reserves. The "Convertibility Plan," was 
conceived to solve Argentina's chronic inflation 
problems, and throughout the first half of the 1990s the 
system underpinned an economic boom, with inflation 
declining to single digits. 
However, as the decade 
wore on, the real appreciation of the dollar placed the 
system under strain as REER became increasingly 
overvalued. The combination of persistent budget 
imbalances, negative terms of trade shocks, and 
inflexible monetary policy eroded credibility and 
culminated with the abandonment of the currency peg 
on January 6th, 2002. 
Floating the currency led to a 70% devaluation of the 
Peso, taking it from one of the most overvalued to one 
of the most undervalued currencies in the world. Since 
then, the exchange rate has been tightly managed and 
capital flows strictly controlled. As the economy 
recovered from the 2002 crisis, inflation increased once 
again (albeit under-reported by the government since 
early 2007), undermining the competitiveness of the 
exchange rate. During the global crisis of 2008, the 
authorities faced the challenge of allowing the currency 
to depreciate but without triggering a sharp currency 
substitution. The Central Bank of Argentina (BCRA) 
embarked on a managed depreciation path, which by 
the middle of 2009 was successfully completed. 
After 2010, the Central Bank followed a more gradual, 
depreciation trend significantly below inflation. In order 
to stop capital flight and rein in the exchange rate, in 
November 2011 the government introduced several 
currency controls which lead to the development of a 
vast black market. In mid-2013 the path of depreciation 
accelerated in an attempt to account for an 
accumulated real appreciation of more than 30% since 
2010. This was followed by a 15% depreciation in 
January 2014. Nonetheless, peso devaluation was not 
accompanied by the necessary tightening of fiscal and 
monetary policies, leading to inflation accelerating to 
40% YoY (from 25% before). Consequently, the 
currency quickly became overvalued. The currency is 
not convertible, and most USD inflows are subject to a 
mandatory, unremunerated one-year deposit at the 
Central Bank. In November 2011, the government 
stepped up the restrictions to trade in the local 
currency market and forced some repatriation of funds 
(see below). In addition all types of USD hoarding were 
Page 90 
prohibited and severe restrictions were imposed on 
capital outflows. Regulations will likely remain 
restrictive, negatively affecting liquidity in NDF and 
options markets. 
USDIARS spot and REER 
190 
190 
170 
140 
140 
130 
120 
II 0 
100 
140 
Jan-00 Jan02 Jes704 Jan06 Jan-0.3 Jan-I0 Jan12 Jan-14 Jan-16 
I.ISDIASIS, Ohs) 
—REEK amerced rho 
, 120 
I00 
240 
300 
3M and 12M USD/ARS (offshore) NDF implied yield 
400 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
so 
Jan00 Jan-02 JarH)4 Jan06 Jarnte Jan70 Jan12 Jan-IA Jan-16 
—ARS 3minpied NIS 
—ARS 12m Inwattl Yield 
Sanee. DB OfteatilanueResaincA Absenberp Ann* IP, BIS 
1M USDIARS implied volatility and realized volatility 
120 
100 
so 
Dec-04 
Dec-06 
Dec-C6 
Dec-I0 
—ARS lm Invalid Val 
Sam Orancher Bar* 
Dec-12 
Dec-14 
Dec-I6 
ARS IrnfloalascIVol 
In December 2015, the new government led by 
President Mauricio Macri dismantled most of the FX 
controls introduced by the previous administration, 
including restrictions on imports of goods and services 
and profit remittances and the mandatory non-
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076893 
SDNY_GM_00223077 
EFTA01379425

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379426.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
remunerated deposit for some FX inflows. Abolishing 
the FX controls prompted the peso to depreciate by 
30% against the USD in December 2015, prompting 
the central bank to raise interest rates to mitigate the 
inflationary 
effects. 
Since 
then, 
the 
ARS 
has 
depreciated further, keeping up with persistently high 
inflation rates in excess of 40% YoY. The ARS is now 
considered a fully floating currency by the IMF. Going 
forward, we expect the real exchange rate to remain 
relatively stable, as the adverse effect of higher interest 
rates in the US will probably be offset by rising inflows 
of foreign direct investment as the economy gradually 
recovers. Therefore, we expect the nominal exchange 
rate to keep on depreciating mostly in tandem with 
inflation. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 91 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076894 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223078 
EFTA01379426

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379427.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Liquidity: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily volume: 
Ref. source: 
Trading hours: 
Local NDF/Futures 
Regulatory: 
Avg. size ticket: 
Tenor: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily volume: 
Fixing: 
Moderate (in SIOPEL - see below - and broker markets) 
USD lmn 
ARS 0.002 
USD 250m 
Reuters page <ARS=>, cARS/1> 
10:00 am- 3:00 pm Buenos Aires time. 
Mar ket 
Participants can trade freely in local NDFs and trades are settled in ARS. 
The BCRA maintains a fixing (Tipo de Cambio de Referencia) which is only used for onshore 
contracts (Bloomberg ticker: ARORREX Index, Reuters: ARS=BCRA). The Methodology is 
described in Comunicacion 43500, March 1st 2002. The BCRA solicits bid/ask quotes via the 
SIOPEL system of the MAE (Mercado Abierto Electronico), in three rounds of 15 minutes 
between 10am-11am, 12pm-lpm and 2pm-3pm. The fixing is obtained as the arithmetic 
average of the fixings in each of the individual periods. The fixing for each individual period is 
calculated by ordering all the bid/ask quotes and taking the simple average of the bid and ask 
of the inside market (i.e. after removing all pairs of overlapping bid-ask quotes), and rounded 
to 4 decimal places. To limit dislocations between the onshore and the offshore markets, in 
2008, the BCRA started offering onshore contracts at the EMTA fixing (the BCRA undertakes 
forward intervention as part of its FX policy), but the A3500 fixing remains the onshore market 
standard. 
USD lmn 
Liquidity up to 12 months with some trades up to 18 months. 
ARS 0.004 for first 3 months, wider for longer tenors 
USD 350 - 450mn normally 
Bloomberg ticker: ARORREX Index, Reuters: ARS=BCRA 
Offshore ARS products 
Non-Deliverable Forwards end Options 
The EMTA ARS Industry Survey has been discontinued and, as of June 2014, EMTA recommends using the volume-
weighted average rate published by the Mercado Abierto Electronico (MAE) as the settlement rate for NDFs and NDOs. 
This rate represents the volume-weighted average of all trades captured in an electronic trading system in Buenos Aires, 
and is published at approximately 3pm local time. (see http://www.mae.com.ar/Anuncios/ARS%20EMTA.pdf) 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation. Standard dots available at EMTA (www.emta.org) 
Liquidity: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Fixing: 
Poor 
USD 5mn 
figures (in 1m tenor); low liquidity beyond the 3 month tenor 
USD50mn 
www.emta.org/aservicest, Reuters:ARSPPN=, BloombergARS MAEM Curncy 
Non-Deliverable Option (NDO) 
Liquidity: 
Very Poor 
Avg. daily vol: 
< USD1Omn 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 93 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076896 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223080 
EFTA01379427

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379428.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
iCross-currency Swaps 
Liquidity: 
Very Poor 
Zero 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 2mn 
USD 2mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
1000bp 
3000bp 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 2mn 
USD 2mn 
Fixing: 
www.emta.org/aservioes/ 
CER fixing Bloomberg CER Index or ARCECOES 
Reuters: ARSMCMEEMTA= 
Index. Reuters: .CER 
Bloomberg: EMTAARS Index 
Sows Dona. &rt 
Government bond rnai kit 
Treasury bonds 
Regulatory: 
Banks have limits on the amounts they can hold. There are no such restrictions for onshore or 
offshore investors. The majority of ARS denominated bonds are still CER-adjusted (inflation 
linked) although the trend is now for Treasury issues to be in floating rate notes linked to 
BADLAR (average deposit rate) as the gradual retiring of CER exposures continues. The 
Treasury has also issued USD denominated bonds, some of which are under local law and 
some under NY or UK law. 
Liquidity: 
Moderate 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD lmn notional 
Bid-ask spread: 
USD 0.5 in price 
Avg. daily vol.: 
USD 150-200mn 
Centlal Bank Rvet 
Regulatory: 
Deposit 
Regulatory: 
There are two types of paper: LEBACs, which are zero-coupon bills with maturity up to 2 years, 
and NOBACs, which are floaters, linked to the local BADLAR rate (mostly, although there are a 
few fixed rate bullet bond NOBACs). with quarterly coupons and a maturity of up to 3 years. 
The bonds have been issued in connection with the BCRA's liquidity management and 
sterilization of foreign exchange intervention. In August 2007. the Central Bank changed the 
regulations for NOBACs and LEBACs so that foreign investors can no longer hold the new 
issues of this paper. The new issues are only clearable in the local clearing system CRYL 
(although in principle the government could still issue Euroclearable paper if it desired, so far 
new issues since the new regulations have all been CRYL-clearable paper). Foreign investors 
can still participate in the secondary market for existing issues with no changes in regulations, 
and there are no limits on the amounts of such paper that can be held. 
No restrictions, but banks have limitations on the usage of USD deposits and must comply 
with liquidity requirements. 
Page 94 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076897 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223081 
EFTA01379428

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379429.pdf
----------------------------------------
Liquidity: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
Ref. Source: 
Fixing: 
Non-Deliverable Op.ri 0 
Regulatory: 
Liquidity: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily vol: 
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Deposit 
Regulatory: 
Liquidity: 
Avg. daily volume 
For bank time deposits (CDB), offshore investors must open special non-resident accounts. 
Good 
BRL 9bn 
Offshore BRL products 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation applies. Standard does available at EMTA (www.emta.org) 
For offshore contracts, in the event of the unavailability of the PTAX fixing for whatever reason, 
two daily EMTA surveys are available as back-up fixings (EMTA BRL Industry Survey Rate - 
BRL12; and EMTA BRL Indicative Survey Rate - BRL13) available at www.emta.org 
Good 
USD 10mn 
10bp (in first future) 
USD 14 bio (onshore and offshore on BM&F) 
LATAMNDF=DBNY, Bloomberg: DBLMl<GO> 
PTAX (Bloomberg: BZFXPTAX Index, Reuters: BRLPTAX= and page BRFR) 
(NDO) 
ISDA documentation applies. Standard dots available at EMTA (www.emta.org) 
Good 
USD 30/60mn 
0.6 vols 
USD 2.5 bn 
Non-rinliverable Swap (NOS) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation applies. 
Liquidity: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Tenor: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Fixing page: 
Very poor. 
USD 10-15mm 
m - 10Y 
10-20bps up to 2Y and as wide as 35bps for the 10Y tenor 
Bloomberg ODA <comdty.> CT 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 97 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223084 
DB-SDNY-0076900 
EFTA01379429

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379430.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
The BCCh regulates the FX market (www.bcentral.cl). 
• 
The regulator of banking activities is the Superintendency of Banks and Financial Institutions (www.sbif.cl). 
• 
Local banks can only trade interest and FX options that are previously approved by Superintendency of Banks and 
Financial Institutions. Any uncovered leveraged position entails some capital cost to the bank. 
• 
The regulatory framework in Chile keeps the local financial system relatively resilient to international jitters and also 
protects the corporate sector from FX fluctuations. In particular, i) Securitization of credit risk is restricted —credit 
risk is kept within the balance sheet; ii) Banks can hold positions only on some derivatives products—credit 
derivatives are not allowed and any FX and/or interest rate derivative contract is required to pass an exhaustive 
process of authorization by the Superintendence of Banks and Financial Institutions; iii) the capital cost of an un-
hedged FX position is high. 
• 
Foreign investors no longer need to open a custodial account to invest in local Central Bank and Government bonds 
as these are now Euroclearable. 
Onshore CLP products 
FX spot 
Regulatory: 
None besides notification for transactions over USD 10,000 (see above). 
Liquidity: 
Good 
Avg. Ticket size: 
USD 5mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
CLP 0.3 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 1.4bn (USD1.2bn in the electronic system and USD 0.2bn in the OTC) 
Ref. source: 
Reuters page <CHILJ> and Bloomberg <DBLM1> 
Daily Hours: 
7:30am - 13:30pm local time; aftermarket liquidity low, 13:30pm - 16:00pm 
ior ward 
Regulatory: 
Same as for onshore spot market. 
Only local counterparties can participate, so offshore participants need local legal status. The 
forwards settle T +2 and fix at the do/ar observado - the average of the previous day (BCCHILG 
on Reuters, at noon). 
Liquidity: 
Good up to tenors of 1Y. Longer-dated forwards are significantly less liquid. 
Avg. Ticket size: 
USD 10-20mn 
Tenor: 
Up to 1Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
Varies with the tenor: 1M CLP0.1. 3M CLP 0.20 and 1Y CLP 0.50 
Avg. daily volume: 
USD 1.000mn normally 
Fixing: 
Bloomberg ticker: PCRCDOOB Index, Reuters ticker: CLPOB= 
F K option% 
Regulatory: 
No active local market yet, but the central bank has already granted approval to operations 
with derivatives. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 99 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076902 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223086 
EFTA01379430

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379431.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
IRS 
CLPetIF (real rates) 
CLPICAfv1 (nominal rates) 
Regulatory: 
No regulations for offshore trades. 
Liquidity: 
Good 
Good 
Avg. ticket size: 
5k DV01 
5k-10k DV01 
Tenor: 
6M - 10Y 
6M - 10Y 
Bid/ask spread: 
3-6bp 
3-5bp 
Fixing page: 
The overnight inter-bank rate (ICP) is determined by the Asociachin de Bancos e Institutions 
Financieres 
de 
Chile 
Ihttp://www.abitcVmenu-lateraffindicadores-banca/c.smara-
promedio/icp_mes.html. 
Sono On o ••• Brest 
[sovereign bonds 
OF (real rates) 
CLP (nominal rates) 
Regulatory: 
Both of these bonds are now Euroclearable 
Liquidity: 
Good 
Good 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 5-I 0mn 
USD 5-10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
3-5bp 
3-5bp 
Avg. daily volume 
USD 100-200mn 
USD 50-100MN 
Ref. Source 
hnp://www.bolsadesantiago.com/ 
Same Ceutsole art 
Offshore CLP products 
Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation. Standard docs available at EMTA (www.emta.org) 
Settlement is based on the do/ar observed°, (Bloomberg ticker: PCRCDOOB Index, Reuters 
ticker: CLPOB=, EMTA ID: CLP10). It is published daily by the Central Bank at 9:30am 
Santiago time, based on an average of the previous day's trading, but used for settling 
transactions in the current business day. In the event of unavailability of the fixing, for 
offshore contracts, EMTA (www.emta.org) maintains the back-up EMTA CLP Indicative Survey 
Rate (CLP11) which it is standard to specify as an alternative fixing source. 
Liquidity: 
Good 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
CLP0.5 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 500-600mn 
Fixing page: 
Bloomberg ticker: PCRCDOOB Index, Reuters ticker: CLPOB= 
Non-Deliverable Option (NfX)) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation. Standard docs available at EMTA (www.emta.org) 
Liquidity: 
Poor 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD20mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
vol 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD75mn 
Fixing page: 
Bloomberg ticker: PCRCDOOB Index, Reuters ticker: CLPOB= 
Page 100 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076903 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223087 
EFTA01379431

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379432.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD800mn 
Fixing page: 
Reuters: COTCRM=RR on page CO/COL03. Bloomberg ticker: TRM Index. 
Ref. Source: 
LATAMNDF=DBNY, Bloomberg: DBLMI<GO> 
Local TES NDF 
Liquidity: 
Good 
Avg. ticket size: 
5K DV01 
Bid/ask spread: 
2bp 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD600mn 
Fixing page: 
www.infoval.com 
Ref. Source: 
Bloomberg DBCO <GO> 
IRS (CORIBR) 
Liquidity: 
Moderate 
Avg. ticket size: 
3K DV01 
Bid/ask spread: 
4bps <2y 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD70mn 
Fixing page: 
Reuters COIBR=RR, Bloomberg COOVIBR Index. 
Ref. Source: 
Bloomberg DBCO <GO> 
Cioss currency s.•:aps (USD:COP) 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation per EMTA (www.emta.org). 
Standard Contract: 
6m USD Libor vs COP fixed with final exchange; net settled offshore. 
Liquidity: 
Poor 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
10bp normally 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD30mn 
Fixing page: 
Reuters COTCRM=RR on page CO/COL03. Bloomberg ticker: TRM Index. 
Ref. Source: 
LATAMNDF=DBNY 
Cross currency swap (USD'UVR) - Inflation linked 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation per EMTA (www.emta.org). 
Standard Contract: 
6m USD Libor vs UVR fixed with final exchange; net settled offshore. 
Liquidity: 
Poor 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD5mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
15bp normally 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD10mn 
Inflation Source: 
Bloomberg UVR Index. Reuters: COU= 
Non Deliverable Option (N DOI 
Liquidity: 
Poor 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD 20mm 
Bid/ask spread: 
1.5 vols 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD 30-50mm 
Fixing page: 
Reuters COTCRM=RR on page CO/COL03. Bloomberg ticker: TRM Index. 
Ref. source: 
LATAMNDF=DBNY 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 103 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076906 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223090 
EFTA01379432

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379433.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Mexico 
After the MXN's large devaluation in the midst of the 
1994 crisis, Mexican authorities switched from the 
currency's regime from a managed exchange rate to a 
free float. To retain some control over the Peso, 
representatives of Banxico and the Finance Ministry 
who comprise the Exchange Commission (EC) set 
several rule-based intervention schemes aimed at 
managing reserve accumulation and abating volatility. 
USD/MXN options-based interventions began in August 
of 1996. In February of 1997, spot purchases were 
added as an intervention tool to inject USD liquidity 
during periods of market stress so as to combat 
volatility. Both of these intervention programs were 
canceled on June of 2001 after being employed a 
combined total of 14 times. The interventions occurred 
mainly between August of 1998 and January of 1999 
and the total amount of USD injected into the FX 
market was USD 1.95bn. 
Starting on May of 2003. the EC set USD auction 
mechanism to manage the accumulation of reserves as 
higher and more volatile oil prices had become a threat 
to the MXN. Despite the auctions, reserves grew very 
quickly to a record high level of USD 87bn.The auctions 
were indefinitely suspended on July 21st 2008 after the 
USD/MXN fell to 9.85 during the first half of the year. 
Yet after struggling to control the Peso's appreciation 
the tables turned and the currency experienced strong 
appreciation pressures in the midst of the 2008 crisis. 
The Mexican corporate sector suffered FX-related 
losses because of its exposure to derivatives risk 
pushing the demand for USD hedges even higher. The 
EC reacted by setting a rule-based intervention scheme 
via USD auctions similar to the one used in the 1990s. 
On days in which the USD/MXN increased by more 
than 2% relative to the previous closing, USD 400m 
would be offered. The rule was supplemented with an 
extra auction of USD 100m to be held every day (until 
October of 2009) regardless of price action and extra 
discretionary auctions on particularly volatile days. 
During 2015, 10% of reserves were spent on 
interventions and the MXN remained weak. On 
November of 2015, the EC added conditions to its 
rules-based interventions: USD 200 mm would be sold 
on days of an MXN depreciation of at least 1% with an 
extra USD 200 mm offered if the depreciation was 
greater than 1.5%. Finally, on February 2016 the EC 
suspended all rules-based interventions when both the 
Ministry of Finance and Banxico announced a series of 
fiscal and monetary policy actions to improve Mexico's 
macroeconomic environment and more specifically its 
fiscal accounts. Banxico raised its policy rate by 50bps 
and since then it seems to have responded to brusque 
Page 104 
MXN sell-offs with rate hikes despite the stability of 
inflation expectations, the negative output gap, and the 
little evidence of a relevant exchange rate pass-through. 
On February 2017 Mexico's Exchange Commission 
announced it would intervene the FX market by 
auctioning off domestic NDFs settled in MXN up to a 
notional amount of USD 20bn. As of December of 2017 
only USD 5bn worth of the instrument had been issued. 
USD/MXN spot and BEER 
Jan-00 AN,02 Jon04 Jan-03 Jan.08 10+10 Jan-12 Jan.14 Jan-IS 
.16011/1X/4 Ilhal 
REER Innoned and 
Soiree OflarhaWik StianDerrhan LP 
3M and 12M USD/MXN FX Forward implied yield 
Jan-00 Jon02 Jan-04 Jan-06 JaN08 Jan-10 Jon-12 Jon-14 Jan-16 
cl «I YwE.1 
Sager -a 
IMF. Sammy Are LP 
M USD/MXN implied volatility and realized volatility 
MN I D, 
120 
160 
J 
Jam40 
Jan-10 
Jan-12 
Jana.* 
Janis 
—WN len irrOad 
Slane evuteche Sant atonal" Fin it 
1.4/N 1 rn Aeakral Vol 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076907 
SDNY_GM_00223091 
EFTA01379433

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379434.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Regulatory framework and approach 
• 
According to Article 21 of the Bank of Mexico Law, FX policy is designed by the Exchange Commission, which is 
composed of officials from the central bank (including the Governor) and the ministry of finance. Policy 
implementation relies on the central bank (www.banxico.org.mx). The Bank of Mexico also designs and implements 
monetary policy to ensure price stability. 
• 
Foreign investors are exempt from withholding tax in government securities (Article 196 of the Income Tax Law). 
However, interest income generated from investing in any other instrument placed among investors is subject to 
4.9% tax (Article 195 of the Income Tax Law). 
• 
Regarding investors from countries with which Mexico has a double taxation treaty, there is no withholding tax on 
TIIE swaps or derivative transactions involving sovereign debt instruments in markets recognized by Mexder 
(Mexico's derivative exchange). A 4.9% withholding tax must be paid by foreign banks and foreign investors 
obtaining interest income from credit instruments. There is no withholding tax for foreigners when dealing in 
derivatives linked to FX. 
• 
Regarding investors from countries with which Mexico does not have a double taxation treaty, there is a 10% 
withholding tax for financing entities, pension/retirement funds and foreign investment funds registered with the 
Ministry of Finance. This rate is also applied to foreign individuals and corporations. Additionally, the tax rate for 
credit investments is 10% instead of 4.9%. 
• 
Regarding tax havens, the withholding tax for registered foreign pension/investment funds changes to a minimum 
of 10%, while that for individuals and companies rises to 40%. Also, there is no withholding tax on TIIE swaps or 
derivative transactions involving sovereign debt instruments in markets recognized by Mexder. 
• 
MXN transactions can be settled in CLS. 
MXN products 
FX spot 
Regulatory: 
Liquidity: 
Avg. Ticket size: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Avg. daily volume: 
Ref. source: 
Daily hours: 
No restrictions. The Mexican peso trades in the forward market as a deliverable contract and 
hence no fixing is required for settlement. Nevertheless, for various purposes the Central Bank 
of Mexico does publish a daily fixing known as the FIX (Bloomberg ticker: MXFT Index, 
Reuters USDMXNFIX2=. Also available in Reuters are T+0 and Ta 1 fixings USDMXNFIX=, 
USDMXNFIX1=). 
The FIX is based on a market-participant survey of the prevailing T+2 
settlement USD/MXN rates. The FIX is published daily every Mexican business day, at 12pm. 
The FIX is used, for example, as the metric to trigger rule-based FX market interventions 
undertaken by Banxico, and has also been used as a reference rate for various onshore 
contracts, but has no relevance for settling FX market transactions themselves. 
Very Good 
USD 20-25mn normally, with tickets for as large as USD 150mn 
MXN 0.005 - 0.01 
USD Sbn (around 30% onshore) 
Reuters Page <MXN=> 
Major activity between 8:00am to 15:30pm NY, although the market is open 24 hours 
FK forward:swap marLetlong-daled FX forward 
Regulatory: 
Liquidity: 
Avg. ticket size: 
Avg. daily volume: 
Bid/ask spread: 
Ref. source: 
No restrictions; uniquely in LatAm FX forwards are deliverable 
Good up to 2Y normally. with a curve out to 5Y 
USD 20mn 
USD 2bn recently 
5bp in USD (offshore market) 
MXNFVVD=DBNY, Bloomberg: DBLMl<GO> 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 105 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076908 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223092 
EFTA01379434

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379435.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018. Still Fuel in the Tank 
Peru 
The Central Bank of Peru (BCRP) is responsible for 
managing monetary and exchange rate policies. 
Monetary policy is carried out under an inflation-
targeting regime. The inflation target is 2% +1- 1% and 
applies to inflation (Lima CPI) throughout the year —not 
only for year-end inflation. The main instrument of 
monetary policy is the BCRP's overnight reference 
interest rate. In addition, the bank also targets interest 
rates on overnight repo loans and interest rates paid on 
overnight deposits made by financial sector institutions 
in the BCRP. 
The exchange rate operates in a floating regime with 
active BCRP intervention. Exchange rate policy is 
aimed at limiting extreme volatility and maintaining a 
high level of international reserves, without defending 
any specific FX level. As in many other countries, 
limiting volatility and maintaining international reserves 
are important to moderate the impact from external 
shocks, but they are critical in Peru because of the still-
high level of financial dollarization among corporates 
and pension funds. 
FX intervention is done through three mechanisms: a) 
Direct purchases/sales in the spot market; b) Auctions 
of USD-linked CD's (BCRP sells USD via CDRs or buys 
USD via CDLs); and c) Auctions of FX Swaps in the 
forward market (BCRP sells USD in the spot at the 
fixing rate, then receives OIS PEN rate and pays a fixed 
USD rate). Although there are no capital controls, the 
monetary authority often manages 
the 
reserve 
requirements on local deposits of nonresidents in order 
to limit foreign portfolio investment in local markets. 
In 2016, Peru actively unwound its heavy short USD 
position in derivatives and started to rebuild its external 
asserts Outstanding swaps fell to PEN1.1 billion 
($330 million) in December 2016 from PEN26.4 billion 
($7.7 billion) in December 2015 and USD-linked CD's 
dropped to PEN805 million (S234 million) from 
PEN7.1 billion ($2.3 billion) during the same period. 
Moreover, after having lost $12.3 billion in international 
reserves in 2013-2015, 
the BCRP accumulated 
$2 billion in reserves since it turned a net purchaser of 
US dollars in the spot market last June. 
The daily market turnover is approximately USD350m, 
with an average ticket size of USD10=20mn and a 
bid/ask spread of around 20bp. Onshore forward 
market is settled in PEN and it is mainly concentrated 
in I m instruments. The offshore NDF market posts a 
daily trading average of USD300mn. While contracts 
exist for tenors between lm and 12m, liquidity is 
concentrated in 1m (with bid/ask spread of 30bp in 
yield for a USD20mn ticket). The offshore forwards 
settle T+2 and the fixing rate is the "promedio 
intercambiario" published around 13:30 local time. FX 
options market is yet to be developed. 
USD/PEN spot end REEK 
4.0 
3.1 
2.6 
so 
2.6 
110 
Jan.00 Jan02 Jaos04 Jar.06 Jae06 Jan.10 Ja12 Jan-14 Jn•16 
.
.1),.::VPE/1 nvr 
—REEn.)nmt*, tnci 
Scutt Dame. Bat Bitemborg !two, LP 
3M and I2A4 USDIPEN NDF implied yield 
PEllImInt144 Vold 
—FEN 12m Inwied Yoald 
ate Daitnie Sat libsinbav Ahoy:* LP 
1M USDJPEN implied volatility and realized volatility 
to 
Joni() 
an-i2 
—PEN 1m Implied Vol 
Jan-14 
Jon-le 
—PEN ImReized Vol 
Sow* Pasch* S. abonewp Max* LP 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 107 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223094 
DB-SDNY-0076910 
EFTA01379435

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379436.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Bid/ask spread: 
30bps 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD300mn 
Ref. Source: 
LATAMNDF2=DBNY, Bloomberg: DBLMl<GO> 
Fixing page: 
www.sbs.gob.pe 
Cross r or rency sr.vap. 
Regulatory: 
ISDA documentation. Standard does available at EMTA (www.emta.org) 
Standard Contract: 
6M Libor vs. PEN nominal fixed; net settled at maturity; with final exchange; settled offshore in 
USD 
Liquidity: 
Moderate 
Avg. ticket size: 
USD10mn 
Bid/ask spread: 
10bp 
Avg. daily vol: 
USD20mn 
Non-Deliverable Option (NDO) 
Liquidity: 
Very Poor 
Avg. daily vol: 
< USDlOmn 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 109 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076912 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223096 
EFTA01379436

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379437.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Contributions by 
Cesar Arias 
Mahesh-Kumar Bukka 
Kaushik Das 
Jose Faria 
Roberto Fernandez 
Alan Fredes 
Arnab Ghosh 
Sameer Goal 
Alberto Iturra 
Alireza Kharazi 
Juliana Lee 
Gerald Leon 
Ramiro Lucas 
Danelee Masia 
Kubilay Ozturk 
Elina Ribakova 
Twisha Roy 
Daisy Sharma 
Jundong Zhang 
Zhiwei Zhang 
Page 110 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076913 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223097 
EFTA01379437

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379438.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
*Other information available upon request 
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject 
companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other 
than the primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global 
disclosure look-up page on our website at httgam.db.corn/ger/disclosure/DisclosureDirectory.egsr. Aside from 
within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://gm.db.com/equities under the 
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition. 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation 
or view in this report. Drausio Giacomelli/Jed Evans/Sebastian A. Brown/Gautam Kalani/Perry Kojodjojo/Mallika 
Sachdeva 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076914 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223098 
EFTA01379438

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379439.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise 
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash 
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a 
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the 
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse 
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation 
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency 
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and 
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income 
instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX 
depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings may - by 
construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of 
the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons 
indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in a currency 
that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps (swaptions) the risks 
typical 
to 
options 
in 
addition 
to 
the 
risks 
related 
to 
rates 
movements. 
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The 
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax 
position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take 
expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this 
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the 
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading losses may be incurred that are greater than the 
amount of funds initially deposited - up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not 
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of 
Standardized Options", at htto://www.00tionsclearinq.com/about/publications/character-risks.iso. If you are unable to 
access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document. 
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including: (i) exchange rates 
can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market 
factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and 
changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, 
which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs. whose values are affected by the 
currency 
of 
an 
underlying 
security, 
effectively 
assume 
currency 
risk. 
Deutsche Bank is not acting as a financial adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents with respect to 
any information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, and 
is not acting as an impartial adviser. Information contained herein is being provided on the basis that the recipient will 
make an independent assinzsment of the merits of any investment decision, and is not meant for retirement accounts or 
for any specific person or account type. The information we provide is directed only to persons we believe to be 
financially sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard 
to particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in 
the offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if you or your agent are an IRA or other retail investor 
receiving this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately. 
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at 
https://qm.db.com on each company's research page and under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors 
are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and 
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA 
regulations, 
including 
those 
regarding 
contacts 
with 
issuer 
companies. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 113 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076916 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223100 
EFTA01379439

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379440.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated 
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under 
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority. 
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester 
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the 
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial 
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request. 
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited. 
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and 
registered office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Sandra Kurla Complex Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 
7180 4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration 
nos.: NSE (Capital Market Segment) - INB231196834, NSE (F&O Segment) INF231196834, NSE (Currency Derivatives 
Segment) INE231196834, BSE (Capital Market Segment) INB011196830; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration 
no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL may have received 
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may have 
debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the 
"Shareholdings" 
section 
in 
the 
Annual 
Report 
at: 
https://www.db.com/ir/en/annuahrepprts.htm. 
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks 
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by 
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to 
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional 
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories 
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk 
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in 
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the 
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in 
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the 
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank 
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are 
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's 
equity 
analysts 
are 
based 
on 
a 
12-month 
forecast 
period.. 
Korea: 
Distributed 
by 
Deutsche 
Securities 
Korea 
Co. 
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register 
Number 
in 
South 
Africa: 
1998/003298/10). 
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore 
Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect 
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche 
Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in 
the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents. 
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should 
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank 
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without 
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and 
Page 114 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076917 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223101 
EFTA01379440

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379441.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
EM Currency Handbook 2018: Still Fuel in the Tank 
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, 
Taipei 
Branch 
may 
not 
execute 
transactions 
for 
clients 
in 
these 
securities/instruments. 
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall 
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, 
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related 
financial products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory 
Authority. 
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the 
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may undertake only the financial services activities that fall 
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Its principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al 0laya 
District, 
P.O. 
Box 
301809, 
Faisaliah 
Tower 
- 
17th 
Floor, 
11372 
Riyadh, 
Saudi 
Arabia. 
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated 
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may undertake only the financial services 
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Its principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai 
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, UA.E. This information has been 
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as 
defined 
by 
the 
Dubai 
Financial 
Services 
Authority. 
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product 
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please 
refer 
to 
Australia-specific 
research 
disclosures 
and 
related 
information 
at 
httns://australia.db.com/australia/content/research-information.html 
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations 
Act 
and 
New 
Zealand 
Financial 
Advisors 
Act, 
respectively. 
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon 
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent. 
Copyright C, 2017 Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 115 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076918 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223102 
EFTA01379441

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379442.pdf
----------------------------------------
David Folkerts-Landau 
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research 
Raj Hindocha 
Global Chief Operating Officer 
Research 
Anthony KLarman 
Global Head of 
Debt Research 
Michael Spencer 
Head of APAC Research 
Global Head of Economics 
Paul Reynolds 
Head of EMEA 
Equity Research 
Andreas Neubauer 
Head of Research - Germany 
International Production Locations 
Dave Clark 
Head of APAC 
Equity Research 
Steve Pollard 
Head of Americas Research 
Global Head of Equity Research 
Spyros Mesomeris 
Global Head of Quantitative 
and OIS Research 
Pam Finelli 
Global Head of 
Equity Derivatives Research 
(Mom 
Bank AG 
Omani:he Bank AG 
i tUlt 
AS; 
tion“:N. S.noitie.; 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
Finale Hongkong 
2-11-1 Nagatacho 
Level 16 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
International Commerce Centre, 
Sanno Park Tower 
Coiner d Hunter & Phillip Streets 
Sydney. NSW 2000 
Ger 
Austin Road WestKowloon, 
Hong
Chiyoda-ku. Tokyo 100-6171 
Japan 
Australia 
Tel 
Tel: 
Tel: 
Denttnhe Bank A6 Lca&n 
r)tnaWhe Bank SC-"Ul:CLE.3 he. 
Great Winchester Street 
Wall Street 
London EC2N 2E0 
Nenv York. NY 10005 
United Ki dom 
United States of America 
Tel: 
Tel: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223103 
DB-SDNY-0076919 
EFTA01379442

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379443.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
Global 
Economics 
Rates 
Credit 
Special Report 
EMFX Outlook 2018: Growth-led 
Revaluation 
The EM FX rally versus the dollar in 2017 has been largely driven by 
weakening of the broad USD itself rather than "intrinsic" EM revaluation. 
Also, it overshadows a rather lacklustre performance of the 'carry trade' 
per se. 
We believe EM FX can perform well for the remainder of 2017 and in 2018 
on the following factors: :: EM FX valuations are still attractive; ; There is 
room for further EM inflows (particularly into equities); ": Higher, more 
synchronized growth and narrowing gaps are supportive for EM 
currencies; •il EM's external vulnerabilities have reduced, and are far lower 
than in 2013. 
• 
Which specific EM currencies stand out as attractive? We divide our 
prospective longs into three categories: 13 'Defenni:.4,' 
- currencies 
that have stronger buffers/fundamentals and hence should be able to 
perform in a broad range of external environments (even more difficult 
ones); 
these 
include 
RUB, 
BRL, 
THB 
and 
KRW. 
2, I :< -,..t 
• . 
ti '. it 
- currencies which may not have as 
strong buffers but are cheap and have significant scope for appreciation in 
positive external environments; these include MYR, PLN, HUF, CLP, and 
PEN. .31 
dr' 
- currencies dependent on specific sources of risk. In 
this camp we have long ZAR (and - initially - short MXN). 
• 
Which specific EM 
rti tt" '; 
Zi 
.._. :r We are bearish on 
COP. INR and ILS due to either domestic concerns, valuations or external 
vulnerabilities. 
• 
V•,,i-titt 
Ltviiii::• .‘ We like the 'good vs. bad EM' 
commodity RV trade of long RUB and BRL vs. short COP. 
a 
While we are broadly constructive on EM FX for 2018. there are 
primarily stemming from an acceleration in US inflation (and hence a more 
hawkish Fed), global QE reduction and a slowdown in Chinese growth. 
a 
However, a number of these external risks could manifest around O2 (e.g. 
US inflation rising and Chinese growth slowing), thus marking Q2 as an 
important checkpoint for re-evaluating our constructive view on EM FX. 
But for this reason we also expect O1 to be particularly constructive for EM 
FX (a window of opportunity), as the supportive factors remain in place 
while the potential risks are skewed towards the following quarter. 
Date 
December 2017 
Strategist 
1+11212 2507355 
cfrausio.giacomelli@db.com 
nu..?; (,er. 
Macro Strategist 
1+65) 6023 6973 
sameer.goeledb.corn 
()auto n't koEtiol. PhD 
Strategist 
1+44) 20 754.57066 
gautam.kaLsni@Ob.com 
Sebastian 
Strategist 
(+11212 250.8191 
sebastian.brownCadb.som 
Jae Cvar,; 
Strategist 
(+11212 250-8605 
jerro10.evens@clb.corn 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Distributed on: 11/12/2017 07:45:42 GMT 
DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076920 
SDNY_GM_00223104 
EFTA01379443

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379444.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
Special Report: EMFX Outlook 2018: Growth-led Revaluation 
zero and they are ending the year in negative territory 
(chart). As we mentioned above the USD factor was 
not the sole driver of returns as idiosyncratic shocks 
were significant especially in Turkey and South Africa. 
iThe year of the carry trade? Not really...
SibOrt• ,o:. o,,, teak Won, fon NO O  404" to 
P 2% 
92% 
2z 
•1516 
'481., fine 
Nhtm 
;NO 
Sauce awns. 8.* Secenberg Armor LP 
n 1% 
6% 
47% 
PPP Oar 
PitsPe 
Mite 
2018: The boost of synchronized growth 
We believe EM FX can perform well through 2018 but 
with total return just short of 5% (neer 7% in LatAm. 
4.5% in EMEA and 3% in ASial absent the USD boost 
of 2017. We are constructive for several reasons. 
I. Global growth is turning more supportive and 
synchronized; Portfolio inflows are pro-cyclical 
on growth (particularly in equities); 
2. EM EX valuations are attractive for the most 
part; as output gaps narrow arid external 
vulnerabilities remain contained. monetary 
policy may tighten. 
1. The boost from growth and flows 
EM currencies tend to perform well during txlri(xis of 
global growth accelei.,,Er,r1 
^,;y)c.ilv>riiratv,r1 This is 
the pattern we expect to consolidate over the next 
year. Not only we expect global growth to inch up to a 
sound 3.9% (with EM up to 4.9%), but we also see 
reduced dispersion across the global economy. The 
shaded areas in the chart below mark periods of EM FX 
appreciation vs. the USD and they coincide with 
periods of increased growth with synchronization as 
we forecast for the coming year. 
After all this 
backdrop is associated with narrowing gaps, less 
stimulative monetary policies in EM, stronger trade and 
capital flows - all positive externalities for FX. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
IFX strengthens with faster and synchronized growth 
gg 
XX 
gg gg
Satre* gab* Bonk areettep roam•• 140. 
Higher growth spurs greater inflows into EM and 
("A:i?!:; 
bf,rw it FM F>.. As the chart 
below shows, higher EM growth relative to DM is 
associated with inflows into EM. This is particularly the 
case in LatAm, where the recovery has lagged the 
other EM regions but is set to accelerate in 2018. 
EMEM inflows are pro-cyclical on growth 
,boo 
ikon 
*400 
1,00 
8000 
800 
4C! 
2000  
ma
id 
2001 
;,00S 
USD trillion 
Total EM Nan-resident Capital Inflows 
EM, DM Growth Dil-f,xxvnTial.r1L, 
Soiect Denbo awn - II
Potata:i 6 
2000 
2013 
2017 
it is important to highlight that EM equity allocations 
;Are 11.>v 8'.13 
Ihe i. 
• >f the Fir.? 1? 
(according to EPFR). As we have discussed in related 
publications, EM inflows are most sensitive to the USD 
cycle and growth and the latter should tame the impact 
of tightening US liquidity on EM FX. In contrast with 
usual perceptions, the correlations between EM flows 
and core CB balance sheets or yields tend to be erratic 
and small for the most part. Also, the investment cycle 
seems to be gaining steam, which brings more global 
trade - another boost for currencies. 
Page 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076922 
SDNY_GM_00223106 
EFTA01379444

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379445.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
Special Report EMFX Outlook 2018: Growth-led Revaluation 
Equity allocations near historical lows still 
Em•egung Afmkist$ tun Etre/010 WeIgn 51'15104r CI.,. 
.7-4 fl ea:W:0,
i 
2008 Fa 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
201$ 
2016 
2017 
Se.50t 4/417 4444.inann.k4414, mon.,  Ainl, arn ETI4 
Sway Onsals8•11. 
EPFlt stun, nAgen am/An andET44 
. 
2. EM FX valuations are still attractive 
According to our preferred DBeer model (which models 
FX as a function of inflation, terms of trade and 
productivity) EM r< is 
needy 
urid,,,Norued in 
aggregate (chart). The overall undervaluation of EM 
currencies despite their appreciation relative to the 
USD reflects EM FX's loss of ground relative to the 
EUR (and other GI0 currencies). Accordingly, on a 
trade-weighted basis (which underpins valuation 
estimations) the rally has been limited this year. More 
importantly, periods of significant undervaluation tend 
to be corrected amidst higher EM growth and more 
restrictive monetary conditions - both of which we 
expect will be in place next year as real rates also seem 
to have bottomed in EM. 
EM EX is still significantly undervalued 
Ciate •••••renentIlli7 boos. •4 
AE 
— 
EMEA 
St
1. 
EM FX unilinithad 
.
.1•11/1111 
rt 
• 1 
.12 
02 
04 06 06 07 
Sarno Ontath• an Nor. EA✓I f X sonviilb. 4••• • inward •••••••••••••• • no 
In addition, USD strength and hedging demand feeil 
unlikely to disrupt EM FX revaluation. DB foresees 
EUR/USD at 1.20 in 2018 and higher in 2019. If 
anything, more synchronized and faster growth 
Page 4 
reduces policy imbalances (supporting ECB catch-up), 
which has been associated with EUR strength (chart). 
Absent USD strength, FX-hedging demand should 
remain subdued as long as US inflation is contained - a 
risk likely to increase later in the year, however. 
The USD could still be supportive in 2013 
Coe of war. of supsOr 
r1 
•1 I 
At 
• 1 
1.1 
Intnaan4 
wt.:00004cl,
tan Deng an  Olownin frnlP 
DetO•150 SlOwth 
incre••• 
simclwonualion 
• 
: 
0.2 
Which specific; DNA currencies stand out? 
With valuation and growth/flows as the main tailwinds 
but facing rising core yields, we favour currencies 
where these tailwinds are stronger and those that score 
higher on defensive metrics (i.e. are better able to 
withstand rising core yields). 
'Defensive' longs 
The main macro headwind we foresee is tightening 
iirei;rh”; 
or:ncle;ans on ECB tapering and Fed's 
divestment (amid increased supply on fiscal easing). 
Also, with less room to maneuver the risk of policy 
mistakes is higher and volatility tends to increase as 
liquidity tightens. In our view, as long as inflation 
pressures are limited, sudden stops are unlikely and 
therir risEs 
he contained And tl.:ev.-ed to‘vard HZ 
Still we prefer EM currencies that are better able to 
withstand shocks and perform even in more difficult 
external environments. 
Ow 'defensive' ranking is based on three 'defensive' 
dimensions - real rates. FX reserves and current 
accountibasie balance fbt.-::.; As the chart below shows, 
THB, RUB and BM. have among the best scores in our 
'defensive' ranking These are among our preferred EM 
longs for 2018. We are also bullish on 1St,'" - while it is 
in the middle of the pack on our 'defensive' rankings, 
its robust external balances provide strong butters, in 
our view. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076923 
SDNY_GM_00223107 
EFTA01379445

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379446.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
Special Report: EMFX Outlook 2018: Growth-led Revaluation 
IEM currencies ranked on 'defensive' metrics: THB. 
RUB and BRL have the best defenses 
best 
dolenese 
► 1163 
IIUO 
IWO 
BBL 
ts
PEN 
'NR 
- 
webst 
'X Awry, adswir6 
—News 
.0444411 
Wow Oflateseal 
We also highlight that all tout of our preferred 
'defensive' longs - RUB, BRL. THE, KRW - have 
relati:.My 
lx:t ?IS to the broad dollar and also US real 
rates (chart below). These betas are lower when 
estimated over the past couple of months on reduced 
positioning in the period. The estimates for the past 
month for BRL and RUB are closer to the ones obtained 
for low yielders, suggesting that positioning is also 
relatively light. 
Defensive longs RUB, THB, BRL and KRW have 
relatively low exposure to broad dollar and UST 
Bela to TIPS 
0.1 
OA • 
• Its 
• RAW 
• IOR 
.0.1 
• CIF 
• WM 
SGD • 
cop • 
• Gel • RUB.  MI
age
. 
 Fer, ten. 
• TRY 
CZAR 
OA 
Oct. to OXY 
San boar* &'k Strap Ananco tOn5.-rcrow 
RUB. In addition to scoring well on 'defensive' metrics, 
RUB has significantly lagged the recent rally in crude 
and is cheap on our PCA-based short-term 'financial 
fair value' metric. Further, crude in RUB terms near two 
year highs boosts fiscal accounts. Also, the macro 
backdrop is supportive, with accelerating growth (as 
per high-frequency gauges) and record-low inflation. 
CBR is in cautious easing mode which is positive for FX, 
as real rates remain high while bond outflows are less 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
likely (chart). We assume no meaningful escalation of 
sanctions - the main risk we foresee. 
EM FX: real rates and basic balances 
SRL 
• 
IHR • 
rnn
TRy • • 
COP• 
I 
CLP • 
-3 
Sate* NOMA f Bent 
NY. 
• 
• PEN 
IOR 
•ISOIN 
PM 
• 
irat 
We
Strong 
defenses 
•TIS 
CD( • 
• 
muF 
NMIOW tow baits V. GOP NO ramp turn) 
IS 
Like RUB, BRL scores well on 'defensive' metrics. 
Both current and I-year ahead real rates are among the 
highest in EM (chart below). Expected FDI inflows are 4 
times as large as the current account deficit and only a 
very strong investment cycle (that we do not foresee) 
could dent this ratio. Moreover, we expect an increase 
in equity portfolio inflows as economic activity 
continues to recover during 2018. Elections remain the 
wild card, but we expect voters to reject the populist 
left and for candidates to try to capture the center. 
BRL (and RUB). extended real rates support 
.II 
i roate
le 
S 2 
t 
ased 
FHP.•‘:CIR 
top4PEN 
*TRY 
4041ell 
4hAt,
.2.4A 
. 
INA 
.4".  
CLP 
•xnw 
B
• 
Ca 
PUS• •4 ,Ls *sap 
6 
COW 
SB 
• 
HIS 
-3 
-2 
Sant LWOW* Owe 
• 
BRL 
• 
AUll 
hew corn teal rate 
i 
Comm met new Imes, We -headire CPI) 
rI L 
The current account remains large; domestic 
outflows are not recycling the surplus (in spite of policy 
effort to that effect); foreigners are underweight Thai 
assets; THB does not look stretched on valuations; and 
politics appears on track for elections. BoT has not 
budged on policy despite government pressure to cut 
rates. THB gains have occurred alongside an export 
recovery, 
making 
the 
currency's 
strength 
less 
problematic. 
Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076924 
SDNY_GM_00223108 
EFTA01379446

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379447.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
Special Report: EMFX Outlook 2018: Growth'led Revaluation 
kRV: The currency goes into next year with tailwinds 
from strong data and expectations of further policy 
tightening. The current account should benefit from 
improvement in shipbuilding orders, and the impact of 
relations normalizing with China on the services deficit 
- and while the overall surplus might decline, the 
adjustment would likely be gradual. Equity valuations 
are still supportive and trade policy related pressures 
continue to keep the authorities from intervening in any 
significant manner in the revaluation of the currency. 
Geopolitics remains a key risk, but the market appears 
fatigued with the headlines, and are likely to be averse 
to trading the noise. 
2) Idiosyncratic revaluation trades 
We are bullish MYR. PLN. HUE CLP. and PEI' both on 
valuation and domestic developments. 
yr, ,; The main appeal is its cheapness on fundamental 
valuation metrics (earlier chart). Foreign positioning in 
bonds is light from a historical perspective (chart 
below), and inflows are returning. Therefore, it is a rare 
case where both 'stock' factors (valuation, positioning) 
and 'flow' factors (portfolio inflows) are supportive. 
Further, the absence of an active NDF market has 
tamed both speculation and USD betas. 
MYR: Light positioning despite return of bond inflows 
55% 
45% 
35% 
—Share of foreign holdings of local 
currencydebt 
M n1 en 
VV./ 
in in 
in 
• 
V) 
8A, 2 8ft
l• 8 Alt 
Sane Derache bric Mane Mitopcs 
On the fundamental front, growth has surprised to the 
upside (therefore providing an attractive growth-
valuations mix), the central bank has turned more 
hawkish (BNM could well be the next central bank in 
the region to hike rates), and higher oil prices should 
also provide a boost to Mr% (Malaysia is the only net 
oil exporter in Asia). There is a clear need to 
accumulate 
reserves, 
but 
authorities 
appear 
comfortable with a stronger MYR, perhaps given the 
boost that entails to confidence ahead of an election. 
Page 6 
-5 
E 
115 
Growth-valuations mix is attractive for MYR, PLN, HUF 
and CLP 
ory• 
'Mg 
• RS 
1CRW 
SRL ch 
r ._..._....._..._......-.. 
.--
• 
PRP • 
sup 
1WD 
. 
RUB *His
• 
Co. 
• 
iDA• 
*KM 
ZAR 
SLOW 
CLP 
• MA 
better geowth/ valuation 
.20 
1RY 
• 
-25 
• 
•
,
,
.
.2 
.1 
2018 ,oral GDP wow*. venue 20124016 avenge, pp 
Sane Deteich• an 
PLN 
d 1' 1.)". Both PLN and HUF are within a handful 
of currencies that are undervalued on all three of our 
fundamental valuation approaches (PPP, DBeer, FEER) 
on steady depreciation over the past 5 years despite 
improving fundamentals. Consequently, on a REER 
basis, PLN and HUF have depreciated significantly vs. 
Asian manufacturing currencies among others enabling 
them to gain market share in global trade. This has led 
to vast improvements in current account balances -
from deep deficits in 2008, current accounts are in 
surplus for Hungary and close to flat for Poland. 
Meanwhile, growth is strong (well above trend) and 
broad-based (the growth-valuations mix is attractive), 
and labor markets are tight. 
HUE & PUT Rare case of undervaluation in 3 metrics 
.5 
.10 
H1W. PLN avenge mooleanrniont (%). TVA-based 
Octal 
San. Deascho Bra 
OPt•13 
.....FEER —PPP 
Oct.15 
<kW? 
Technically, 
at the top of the range of the 
past 15 months is an attractive entry level. Further, we 
believe the NBH is comfortable with a stronger HUF on 
rising inflation and current account in surplus. Once the 
elections are completed in Q2 2018 there is a 
possibility that the NBH becomes even taxer with 
respect to the currency, opening up more room for 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076925 
SDNY_GM_00223109 
EFTA01379447

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379448.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
Special Report: EMFX Outlook 2018: Growth-led Revaluation 
HUF appreciation in line with fundamentals and 
valuation. PI 
on the other hand, is at the strong end 
of the recent range. However, we believe that tensions 
with the EU - the main barrier to PLN appreciation -
seem to be softening, opening up more room for 
appreciation in line with fundamentals and valuation; 
positioning is also still light in historical terms. 
NCH'. Comfortable with stronger HUF than in the past 
320.0 1
3175 • 
315.0 - 
3126 - 
310.0 
307b 
Xb 0 
302.3 
• 
Jan Pa 
Jul 
2016 
• 
• 
Ocl 
Jan 
API 
Ad 
20O 
Jul 
Ocl 
2015 
- E0M.* 
San 0adscnt Bank lamas& 
AM NBA 
'comber knot 
at 
(.:1,P The Chilean peso's depreciation on the aftermath of 
the first round of the Presidential election has pushed the 
CLP to level that is an attractive entry point to enter long 
CLP position. There is uncertainty regarding the election's 
second round, but Chile's economy seems poised for 
rebound regardless. We expect frontloaded output growth 
of around 3.5% during 2018 due to base effects related to 
last years mining strike and improving terms of trade and 
a rebound of investments especially into the mining sector. 
We expect the BCCh to begin a hiking cycle in O3 '18 
which will marginally increase the CLP's carry. Finally, 
domestic investors' limited capacity to absorb new debt 
issued by the government is likely to steepen the CLP 
curve. 
Then, 
we 
expect 
the 
recently 
achieved 
"euroclearability" of local gov't bonds to attract debt 
inflows of yield-seeking foreign investors. The main risk to 
this view is an unexpected slowdown of China and lower 
metal prices. 
.ils Mining of metals accounts for 12% of Peru's 
private investment, 60% of exports, and 10% of GDP. 
The investment cycle in metals is at a turning point 
after falling since 2015. Higher copper and zinc prices 
and the operation at full capacity of mines in Peru 
suggest new investment flows are on their way: the 
gov't expects investments of around USD 11.3bn to be 
executed out of Peru's USD 51.1bn investment project 
backlog in mining. The government's efforts to 
minimize social conflicts and regulatory issues pose 
upside risks both to investment and current account 
projections. The BCRP has forcefully prevented the PEN 
from appreciating but as the economy grows, gaps 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
shrink, and XCCY converge to zero we expect USD 
purchases to ease. Just like in the case of the CLP, the 
PEN's main risk is an unexpected China-born shock. 
3) The wild cards. MXN, TRY, and Z7\fi 
Within EM FX there are a handful of currencies that 
could potentially appreciate or depreciate significantly 
depending on the resolution of very specific and 
significant idiosyncratic (and mostly political) risks with 
potential outcomes that are almost binary in terms of 
their FX impact. The three wild cards within EM FX are 
the MXN, TRY, and ZAR. 
The future of the MXN hinges not on one but 
two sources of political uncertainty that are very 
significant in terms of their potential impact on the 
MXN and on the Mexican economy as a whole: the 
2018 Presidential elections and the future of the NAFTA 
renegotiations. 
The 
base 
case 
scenario is 
for 
negotiations to be temporarily suspended sometime 
during C11 '18 until Mexico's new government and 
Congress take over. Also during Q1 '18 we expect the 
Presidential campaign in Mexico to gather momentum. 
We believe that NAFTA will be ratified and the 
Presidential election noise will dissipate later in the 
year, but the MXN is subject to bouts of depreciation 
through 1H18. We favour being initially short MXN as 
we see potential for a significant depreciation of the 
peso throughout the first half of the year. However as 
O3 '18 begins, NAFTA renegotiations could resume and 
the new government might want to reassure markets 
by tightening fiscal spending. MXN would retrace then. 
. Within our sample, the more undervalued currencies 
are also - unsurprisingly- those that rank low in defensive 
metrics and happen to be exposed to domestic risks. 
Among the cheap and 'riskier' currencies, we favour ZAR 
longs for several reasons: 
1) The rand is one of the 
cheapest currencies in the world on our fundamental 
valuation metrics (first chart below). 2) We believe there is 
a significant likelihood of a market-positive outcome at 
the December ANC election, i.e. a victory for Cyril 
Ramaphosa. This would spur a sizable rand rally as 
market sentiment around South Africa improved; there is 
also potential for an improvement in business confidence 
and in the investment climate. 3) South Africa's trade 
balance has flipped from a deep deficit to a record-high 
surplus, which has helped compress the current account 
deficit (second chart below). 
However, given the risks around the ANC election, the 
February budget and the next Moody's rating 
announcement, we prefer expressing our view via long-
dated (6m+) limited loss options structures (e.g. 6m 
USD/ZAR digital puts). We expect ZAR appreciation to 
be skewed towards the first part of the year, in the 
post-ANC election period. 
Page 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076926 
SDNY_GM_00223110 
EFTA01379448

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379449.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
Special Report EMFX Outlook 2018: Growth-led Revaluation 
ZAR is one of the cheapest currencies in the world on 
the aggregate of our three valuation metrics 
—Meet 
FUR 
PIPP 
—age 
CO( 
INN 
IIWy 
Nip 
Brut 
 
Rua 
SOD 
AuD uscw,K
San. DM. SOW ant 
able. 
chapat 
JPY 
TRY 
aerency 
ZAR Mn. 
PLN 
SEK 
EUR 
CAD 
HUE 
stosnow 
COP)
PEN 
GOP 
e name 
a -P 
Pen apt* 
Two 
Pavelent to • 
co 1118
Mawr anal' 
South Africa's trade balance has moved to a record-
high surplus, compressing the current account deficit 
• 
2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 
1998 3000 20)2 3004 
- 
2016 2018 
~SOtan Africa CuReni AMU* Balance (lb GDP), rbB 
—8000 Mica Trade Bane (1sS0 an. 12m amp $Uonl. 
Scum Opted,. Bent Alsookand 
Which EM currencies will lag? 
The main risks to EM FX are USE) strength (and FX-
hedging induced by a surge in US ratusi and a (nolo 
dtornatic slowdown in C€:ine. In terms of timing, 
although dovish current pricing could trigger some 
bouts of rates repricing earlier in the year, we expect 
inflation and policy risks to build in the latter part of the 
year and especially in 2019 when output gaps will be 
much narrower. Bear in mind that QE unwinding will 
be very gradual with net core CB purchases until 2019. 
:3 our economists expect growth to slow in the 
first half of 2018 due to property and financial sector 
tightening (which is already underway). However, 
despite an expected slowdown from current elevated 
Page 8 
levels, growth is forecasted to remain above 6% in Hl; 
moreover, it is expected to then rebound back towards 
6.5% later in the year on renewed policy loosening. As 
such it is unlikely to derail EM FX appreciation. 
A repeat of - tantrum(' seems very unlikely and we see 
the possible bouts of repricirel as comparable rc those 
of 2017. EM real rates have improved this year and 
they will likely continue to improve in 2018. Compared 
to 2013, for example, real rates are higher, external 
imbalances reduced and FX reserves are greater. 
Further, real rates could rise next year for a number of 
EMs as there is less room for accommodation in 2018. 
Asia is where tightening begins, but across most EM 
the easing cycles are coming to a close. 
Higher real rates vs. 2013, especially for high-yielders 
it 
I1 
• 
• 
 imp vulnerable 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
truffiVit 
.igrignearegifiri 
• 
rgim 
• Real *erect I7 
Anal ratm•tre 13 
dew band* Swat 
Also, despite recent inflows. positioning remains a lot 
lighter when compared with pre-GFC and pre-tantrum 
levels (chart). Local markets (and equities, in particular) 
have yet to refill as EM grows. 
jai flows: Only a partial iefill post-tantrum 
or TONI NAPA • MANN Ram, Cumulative Iron, Itin'09 H1 IAN '13 
RH, TN* (OM • equity) FICrem Cumulative Ppm Jun1304 Sep '17 
taper tantrum 
1200 
1000 
800 
40D 
400 
200 
PAIloss 
Octe9 0[1.10 Oct.11 
Oct.14 
Oct-IS Oct.16 Oct-17 
an 
Dautsara Bank la 
When we narrow the focus on domestic developments, 
valuations or enamel vulnerabilities we believe that 
COP, Nit, and ILS will lag. LatAm is naturally most 
exposed to a China slowdown (less so MXN in this 
case). 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0076927 
SDNY_GM_00223111 
EFTA01379449

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379450.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
Special Report: EMFX Outlook 2018: Growth-led Revaluation 
CU 
The Colombian peso faces a challenging 
domestic and external scenario. In addition to the 
already familiar twin deficits on the fiscal and current 
accounts, the Colombian economy faces a low-
confidence environment as well as a challenging 
election ahead. Towards the end of 2017 growth has 
somewhat picked up and inflation has eased. In 2018 
growth is likely to somewhat strengthen yet the peso's 
volatility is very sensitive to changes in the risk 
perception of the Colombian economy. Therefore, the 
election-related headlines especially if connected to 
Colombia's fiscal accounts could very likely trigger a 
bout of COP weakness followed by outflows due to 
Banrep's 
dovish 
stance 
and 
the 
increasingly 
challenging fiscal scenario up ahead. 
Unlike the currencies mentioned above, ILS does 
not have any major fundamental pressure points, as 
growth is in reasonable shape and the current account 
is in surplus. However, valuation and positioning are 
major concerns, and drive our tactically bearish view on 
the currency at these levels. In trade-weighted terms, 
ILS is near its all-time strong levels, which has also 
pushed overvaluation to historical extremes (chart). On 
our DBeer and PPP metrics, ILS is around 10% 
overvalued, right at the top of the historical valuation 
range. There have been retracements from such 
stretched valuations in the past. Meanwhile, inflation 
remains low, which - combined with the strong 
currency - opens the door for Bol FX intervention to 
pick up. 
ILS is at historical extreme overvalued levels 
.6 
Overvalued 
as Neer maeaennant• TM band OW 
-Z0 
Cv.'4? 
0..04 
0.1410 
0.143 
Ca./d 
Ott.sa 
Ocsaa 
Sastv Onict.• Sant 
INN. The best of the tailwind - structurally positive 
policy measures (GST, bank recap), policy easing, 
ratings upgrade, carry/vol - are already in the price, and 
will be hard pressed to drive further outperformance in 
2018. The equity markets remain rich; bond inflows are 
restricted by access via FPI quotas, and likely to be 
pressured by concerns over fiscal slippage; and RBI is 
unlikely to be able to ease further in this rate cycle. Any 
upside to oil prices could be particularly damaging to 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
the macro picture via trade gap, inflation and fiscal (in 
the event of excise duty cuts) channels. We see RBI as 
continuing with its asymmetric intervention bias, 
persisting on the bid in dollars with an eye to prevent 
overvaluation hurting growth. 
Another currency that would naturally fit in the camp of 
those more exposed to depreciation is the 
- on 
valuation and high inflation. However, it needs a 
category apart as an adjustment currency such as the 
EGP. We maintain the view that it will play the role of 
nominal anchor - especially for wage negotiation is O1 
- and that it will outperform forwards for a near 
double-digit margin (amid bouts of depreciation). 
We conclude our risk assessment with Ekl's election 
colonddi for 
✓aaar. which ia <, full r)ne (chart below). 
We find it to be most binary for Brazil and Mexico in 
terms of changing economic policies, increasing 
uncertainty hurting the investment climate, and fiscal 
slippage. While Colombia's election may fail to set the 
country on a fiscally sustainable path, we expect 
moves in that direction in Brazil and Mexico. To repeat, 
however, these remain quite uncertain. 
The EM election calendar for 2012 is a full one 
Country
Czech 
Republic 
Russia 
Malaysia 
Mexico 
Egypt 
Hungary 
Thailand 
Brazil 
Colombia 
Colombia 
Venezuela 
San* Damn Beat 
Election for 
President 
President 
House of Representatives 
Congress and President 
President 
Parliament 
Parliament 
President 
Congress 
President 
President 
Month 
Jan-18 
Mar-18 
Aug-18' 
Jul-18 
Feb-May 2018' 
Apr -May 2018' 
Nov-18 
Oct-18 
Mar-18 
May-18 
No date yet' 
Page 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223112 
DB-SDNY-0076928 
EFTA01379450

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379451.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 2017 
Special Report: EMFX Outlook 2018: Growth.led Revaluation 
Conclusion: Answering 4 key questions 
What Is the view on broader EM FX for 2018? We believe 
EM FX can perform well for the remainder of 2017 and in 
2018. This is based on the following factors: 
EM FX 
valuations are still attractive; 2 , There is room for further 
EM inflows (particularly into equities); 
Higher, more 
synchronized growth and narrowing gaps are supportive 
for EM currencies; 
EM's external vulnerabilities have 
reduced, and are far lower than in 2013. 
We divide our prospective longs into three categories: 
- currencies that have stronger 
buffers/fundamentals and hence should be able to 
perform in a broad range of external environments 
(even more difficult ones); these include RUB. BEL , 
JP; and KFIW; 2) Idiosyncratic revaluation longs 
HUE UP, and PEN; S) Wild cards -
currencies dependent on specific sources of risk - the 
falls in this camp with substantial room for 
appreciation in a positive scenario. On the other hand 
%I el seems poised for a significant bout of weakness 
in the event its negative risks materialize. 
Which specific, EM currencies stand out &I vulnerable 
We we bearish on COP. MR. :ad 
R due to either 
domestic concerns, valuations or external vulnerabilities. 
tit 
FiV trtoTh., We like the 'good 
vs. bad EM' commodity RV trade of long RUB and BRL 
vs. short COP. 
Orausio Giacomelk New York 
Sebastkin A Brown, New York, 
Sameer Gael, Singapore, 
Gautam Kalani, London, +4 
Page 10 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076929 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223113 
EFTA01379451

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379452.pdf
----------------------------------------
II December 2017 
Special Report. EMFX Outlook 2016: Growth•led Revaluation 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise 
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash 
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a 
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the 
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse 
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation 
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency 
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and 
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income 
instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX 
depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings may - by 
construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of 
the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons 
indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in a currency 
that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps (swaptions) the risks 
typical 
to 
options 
in 
addition 
to 
the 
risks 
related 
to 
rates 
movements. 
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The 
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax 
position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take 
expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this 
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the 
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the 
amount of funds initially deposited - up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not 
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of 
Standardized Options", at http://www.optionsclearing,comiaboutipublications/character-risksisp. If you are unable to 
access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document. 
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including: (i) exchange rates 
can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market 
factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and 
changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, 
which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the 
currency 
of 
an 
underlying 
security, 
effectively 
assume 
currency 
risk. 
Deutsche Bank is not acting as a financial adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents with respect to 
any information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, and 
is not acting as an impartial adviser. Information contained herein is being provided on the basis that the recipient will 
make an independent asqecsment of the merits of any investment decision, and is not meant for retirement accounts or 
for any specific person or account type. The information we provide is directed only to persons we believe to be 
financially sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard 
to particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in 
the offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if you or your agent are an IRA or other retail investor 
receiving this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately. 
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at 
https://qm.db.com on each company's research page and under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors 
are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and 
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA 
regulations, 
including 
those 
regarding 
contacts 
with 
issuer 
companies. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076932 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223116 
EFTA01379452

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379453.pdf
----------------------------------------
II December 2017 
Special Report. EMFX Outlook 2016: Growth•led Revaluation 
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securitieslinstruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, 
Taipei 
Branch 
may 
not 
execute 
transactions 
for 
clients 
in 
these 
securities/instruments. 
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall 
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, 
West Bay. Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related 
financial products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory 
Authority. 
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the 
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may undertake only the financial services activities that fall 
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Its principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya 
District, 
P.O. 
Box 
301809, 
Faisaliah 
Tower 
- 
17th 
Floor, 
11372 
Riyadh, 
Saudi 
Arabia. 
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated 
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may undertake only the financial services 
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Its principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai 
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been 
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as 
defined 
by 
the 
Dubai 
Financial 
Services 
Authority. 
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product 
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please 
refer 
to 
Australia-specific 
research 
disclosures 
and 
related 
information 
at 
https://australia.db.com/australiakontent/research-information.html
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations 
Act 
and 
New 
Zealand 
Financial 
Advisors 
Act, 
respectively. 
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon 
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent. 
Copyright g 2017 Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076934 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223118 
EFTA01379453

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379454.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
4/22/2017 1:25:12 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20170422 
RM CODE 
82289 
04/21/17 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT ø 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AWOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,518,027.93 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
259,608.59 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
101,625.36 
JEGE, INC 
963,187.55 
PLAN D, LLC 
287,992.81 
JEGE, LLC 
308,894.79 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
435,263.72 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
249,506.96 
NES, LLC 
258,606.25 
LS)E, LLC 
362,473.27 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
208,628.38 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
277,009.57 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
698,482.14 
CRW 2007 LLC 
.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
TOOD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
8,800,764.97 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,038,708.77 
CRW 2009 LLC 
.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
21,010,768.09 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
12,956,666.47 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
18,000,420.15 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
252,437.64 
SSW 2007 LLC 
250,226.69 
KWF 2007 LLC 
250,300.67 
CRW 2007 LLC 
250,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
250,211.62 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
252,399.98 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
250,489.73 
TOOD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
250,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
250,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
250,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076936 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223120 
EFTA01379454

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379455.pdf
----------------------------------------
On May 3, 2017, at 10:20 AM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
I've prepped people internally for this conversation. Let's discuss next week when we 
get together. Let me know what times work for you Wednesday and Thursday. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn [r i
Sent: Thursday, April 27, 2017 9:24 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading capabilities 
are you free to talk this am 
free now or after 10:30am 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On A r 26, 2017, at 5:12 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
The reality is that most of that went away when we dosed all of the IS 
trading relationships. And it isn't really possible to do anything credit 
bearing OTC without the markets accounts and ISDA. 
From: Richard Kahn a 
Sent: Wednesday, April 26, 2017 5:07 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: Re: trading capabilities 
mr epstein has been asking and would like to give him feedback 
this week on trading capabilities 
regarding next week - wednesday is ok to come by 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076938 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223122 
EFTA01379455

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379456.pdf
----------------------------------------
fax 
cell 
On A r 26 2017 at 4:53 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
> wrote: 
Generally we are talking about purchase of fx options I 
think. Let's add this to the discussion agenda for next 
week. See you soon 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Tuesday, April 25, 2017 5:49 PM 
To: Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading capabilities 
we are potentially looking to increase derivatives 
trading and would like to better understand what 
long form confirmation will allow us to do 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 
cell 
On Apr 25, 2017, at 4: 14 PM, Vahe 
Ste anian 
> wrote: 
Generally agree with Stewart. Is there 
anything specific you are looking at? 
Thanks, 
Vahe 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, April 25, 2017 4:02 PM 
To: Richard Kahn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076939 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223123 
EFTA01379456

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379457.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: RE: trading capabilities 
Generally I think we can just do listed 
options in your wealth management 
brokerage accounts. We don't have 
investment banking/OTC capabilities for 
you unless we can trade via long form 
confirmation. Copying Vahe who can 
clarify. 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Tuesday, April 25, 2017 3:48 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: trading capabilities 
are we able to do any of the 
following trades in our 
accounts 
• 
Trade fx forwards and 
options 
• 
CDS 
Equity derivatives 
If so would this be out 
of your Wealth 
Management group or 
Investment Bank? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076940 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223124 
EFTA01379457

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379458.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
UM: 
5/15/201712:08:16 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
FW: MBLY Tender ICJ [IJ 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Just called you. Give me call whenever @ 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, May 15, 2017 8:40 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian < 
Subject: RE: MBLY Tender ICI III 
>; Chris Harvey
Classification: For ktiemal use only 
Note that my reading of the doc shows that they will not end up with nothing if they do not tender. But once the tender 
goes through, there is a delay before they will get anything, and they would still be subject to the tax withholding. 
If the ITA issues the Pre-Wired Asset Salt Ruling and Mobikyc shareholders have approved the Pm-Wired 
Asset Sale Resolutions and the Conversion Resolutions, and if Purchaser and Intel elect to proceed with the Asset 
Sale followed by the Liquidation and the Second Step Distribution. and if the number of Shares tendered 
pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn (including Shares validly tendered during the Subsequent 
Offering Period. as it may be extended by the Minority Exit Offering Period), together with the Shares then 
owned by Intel or its affiliates. represents at least 67% of Mobileye's issued capital (Replaato kapitaal) (or 8(14. 
if the Mobileye shareholders have not approved the Pro-Wired Asset Sale Resolutions and the Conversion 
Resolutions), then the cash consideration paid by Purchaser to Mobikye in the Asset Sale would be an aggregate 
amount equal to the Offer Consideration multiplied by the total number of Shales held by non-tendering 
Mobileye shareholders as of the expiration of the Subsequent Offering Period and, upon consummation of the 
Asset Sale. (a) Mobileye will hold only the cash received in the Asset Sale; (b) Purchaser (or an affiliate of 
Purchaser) would (i) own all of Mobileye's business operations and (ii) be the principal shareholder in Mobikye: 
and (c) the non-tendering Mobileye shareholders would continue to own Shares representing, in the aggregate. a 
minority of the Shares then outstanding. As soon as practicable following consummation of the Asset Sale. 
Purchaser (or an affiliate of Purchaser) would then complete the Post-Offer Reorganization by causing Mobileye 
to be liquidated in accordance with applicable Dutch procedures (the "Liquidation), with Purchaser (or an 
affiliate of Purchaser) providing an indemnity or guarantee to the liquidator in respect of the Liquidation for any 
deficit in the estate of Mobikye to enable the liquidator to make an immediate advance distribution in cash (the 
"Second Step Distribution") to a depositary on behalf of each non-tendering Mobikyc shareholder in an amount 
equal to the Offer Consideration, without interest and less applicable withholding taxes. for each Share then 
owned. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076943 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223127 
EFTA01379458

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379459.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXPIRATION. + IF YOU ARE ELIGIBLE AND WISH TO TENDER AND MAKE A TAX DECLARATION ELECTION VIA IFA, ENTER 
INSTRUCTIONS BY SELECTION POSITIONS UNDER THE ELECTION OFFER, THEN THE APPROPRIATE OPTION ('OPTION 1' 
THROUGH 'OPTION 3'. TO MAKE AN ELECTION VIA REOR USE OFFER CODE 'ELE' THROUGH 'ELE3'. ADDITIONALLY, 
HOLDERS MUST COMPLETE AND RETURN A COPY OF THE ISRAELI TAX DECLARATION FORM VIA SERVICE CENTER TO 
CORPORATE ACTIONS, VOLUNTARY OFFER EXPIRING, INSTRUCTIONS BY PERSHING'S DEADLINE OF 6/16/17. 
INSTRUCTIONS RECEIVED WITHOUT A PROPERLY COMPLETED AND RETURNED TAX DECLARATION FORM WILL BE 
CONSIDERED NULL AND VOID. ++MB++ 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Friday, May 12, 2017 2:24 PM 
To: Chris Harvey 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: FW: MBLY Tender [C] [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Chris - can you help with the below? 
Long story short I reached out to a client who is a holder of MBLY. The company has a voluntary tender out there and 
the client asked what happens if they don't tender their shares? 
Will they potentially be hit by the withholding tax regardless? 
Best, 
Vahe 
From: Zbynek Kozelsky 
Sent: Friday, May 12, 2017 2:09 PM 
To: Vahe Stepanian < 
>; Donald Summer < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: MBLY Tender [CI (I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Vahe, 
Ask Chris Harvey please (...without the client). 
He might be able to direct you. 
Thanks 
Zbynek "Ziggy" Kozelsky 
Director I Branch Administrative Manager 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076946 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223130 
EFTA01379459

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379460.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
<Israeli_Tax_Declaration_Fonmpdf><Offer To Purchase.pdf> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076949 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223133 
EFTA01379460

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379461.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Stewart Oldfield 
5/23/2017 10:54:01 AM 
RE: are you running the Brooklyn half? 
Want to try for tmw or Thursday morning for a run? 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesda 
Ma 16 2017 3:09 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: are you running the Brooklyn half? [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Ok. You could talk me into next wednesday or thursday. I will be slow. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
blackberry 
Email: 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto
Sent: Tuesday, May 16, 2017 03:02 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: are you running the Brooklyn half? [C] 
sounds good but will keep nagging you to run before LD at whatever pace you would like... 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On May 16, 2017, at 3:00 PM, Stewart Oldfield < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
I went today, but late. 8:30. I think I'm done until the weekend. Maybe the week after labor day? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076950 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223134 
EFTA01379461

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379462.pdf
----------------------------------------
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
blackberry 
Email: 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Richard Kahn [na] 
Sent: Tuesday, May 16, 2017 02:54 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: are you running the Brooklyn half? [C] 
awesome that you are running Brooklyn 
went out this am - weather was awesome 
was going to run 5-6 miles (or more if you desire) tomorrow or thursday 515-530am if you are 
interested 
if not lets set up a date for next week as weather getting better.. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On May 16, 2017, at 2:50 PM, Stewart Oldfield < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Sadly. I always sign up when the races become available. And then systematically under 
prepare. It's not the best approach. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
blackberry 
Email: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076951 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223135 
EFTA01379462

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379463.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Tuesday, May 16, 2017 02:28 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: are you running the Brooklyn half? 
no 
you? 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Ma 16 2017 at 1:34 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
rote: 
<image00I png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
1111111111 
Securities offered ttvough Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076952 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223136 
EFTA01379463

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379464.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sanctions List Search 
OF AC 
Office of Fikeign As*ata Control 
Sanctions List Search 
Page 1 of I 
Then Sencteon La Sterol apploabon OSanctions La Seerch'i n casered to Noltate the use ot the Scace1yOomiraled Nencmis Ina Elocsied Present IA t'SDII LnOi end et ate sanctions 
Wa stenniser•O ey Of /C. ncloring Ma Faison Senecas Evades UM. Me LM of Poses IdenItled as &NNW Sae/ PWW1nt tra E 0 I35t* the NoNSON Iran Senacns Ad Usu. the PSI 
%I IN the Stare, Swims% Menutcsolorts 1.41 and Ins Nen, SON Parienen leolleMe Cwrct LM Own IS. Neter a tits Mal now rasa mine Sancia” Li4 State loot ios Won* 
recommends° Mtn users pas dose Mention MEM [roar woes associate:Uwe each retvet0 moat, These engem cocks flock, eons true M on attained wise teojd De treated The 
Sencoals Oa Search tccl uses epproxrrote string rnoldmg to ideate/possible crutches between wad a Owner Mops es enema teaSanctions List Search. and anynem/awns 
component as it topearson the SON List en= he venous ear srchons Wt Senctons LSI SearCer nit a trade Haat Sat mot Se sua to Set )n'W
 ir e . a CorterdeaCe renal lOr the 
crenenesi of any paella, match roNmed mans el a taint search Strident LM Stied\ a diced et nen From el rot or cater nectrealy entered toil. and NI fawn nem ape a ono, 
reircnel. Eased 
See confelence rano set Oyes pew ma the shdet.ber Cf AC donna prone* reccerrtienartens rota regard Wet spaccriehmess of any wooer cc:extinct 'slog 
Senn, Lit Steadr er re fed 'Awed to assist wen n rattan° Int SON Lisl and* the venous cone. farteliats lee the CII gantbOns List Search n rell • sutnatute b e vedertsion mammas 
'le 
SoncOons UK Search does NI rot &waviest a au' Ilebllr Ia any ea undertaken at a result ot or in Nuance as such use. 
OPAL  Vott,ete 
KcY. 
Lookup 
Type: 
Name: 
IDs: 
Program: 
Minimum Name Score: 
Lookup Results: 5 Found 
NI 
V 
NIKOLAI 
561KM 
A 
BAUCANS 
FIELARUS 
Address: 
City: 
State/Province[-
Country: 
List: 
All 
_Sean?? 
_Reset
Name 
Address 
TIP* 
Program(*) 
List 
Scores 
fry/HKOV Nikolei 
*A 
UKRAINE-
mapa( 
SON 
700 
E013661 
INE-
RYZHKOV MINN, Ivanow:I: 
Inclimclual 
UKRA 
SON 
100 
E013661 
UKRAINE-
AZAROV 
KS Wogs Yanowcg 
Indmdual 
E013660 
SCN 
100 
eaglailleaktio2ds? 
Indondual 
UKRANE- 
SON 
100 
E013660 
UKRAINE
KOZiTSYN Nikolei 
Indandeal 
SON 
100 
E013660 
'u5 
es we atibrerateel co the SON and tionsoN lists. To mares Ins merits U.S state. please use re. Nib Wes U S Postal Sawa attiedebon 
Sal kit ere kpeetor a 
3/14/201? II 02 32 AM 
Non-SON Milled waled en 124201201612'3302 PM 
https://sanctionssearch.ofac.treas.gov/Default.aspx 
3/16/20I 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076954 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223138 
EFTA01379464

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379465.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
6/1/2017 8:16:02 AM 
To: 
Delores Rubin [ 
• Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Tazia Smith 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
RE: Rothschild - Being shown an offer! [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Thanks Delores. 
Rich — let us know how to proceed this morning. 
Best, 
Vahe 
From: Delores Rubin 
Sent: Thursday, June 01, 2017 7:35 AM 
To: Richard Kah 
Cc: Tazia Smitha; 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: RE: Rothschild - Being shown an offer! [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Good morning. 
Rothschild is back to the 28 EUR level. Our indicated seller cares around the 28.50 level. 
Thank you. 
Best regards, 
Delores Rubin 
Delores Rubin 
Director I Wealth Management Capital Markets 
Equity Trading 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
ev; York, NY. USA 
From: Delores Rubin 
Sent: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 12:07 PM 
To: 'Richard Kahn' 
Cc: Tazia Smith 
; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: RE: Rothschild - Being shown an offer! [C] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076956 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223140 
EFTA01379465

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379466.pdf
----------------------------------------
The indicated seller cares around the 28.50 EUR level. The stock is currently 28.42 x 28.50. 
Please let us know as soon as possible if you would like to try to buy or you want to counter with a lower 
bid. 
Thank you. 
Best regards, 
Delores Rubin 
<image001.gif> 
Delores Rubin 
Director I Wealth Management Capital Markets 
Equity Trading 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10154.0004 New York. NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Delores Rubin 
Sent: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 8:19 AM 
To: 'Richard Kahn' < 
Cc: Tazia Smith < 
>; Vahe Stepanian < 
Subject: RE: Rothschild [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Richard, 
It is another very quiet trading day for Rothschild. 
We have not had any institutional interest expressed yet, but we would still like the opportunity to work an 
order for you. 
As I stated, a market for the type of size you are looking for is more risk than we can take on. 
The stock has been trending higher since December after breaking through the 22 EUR level. After 
pushing through 27 the stock keeps bouncing in this range of 27.80 to 28.30. 
Despite the low volume, we may have luck with a working an order on a limit. Please let us know if you 
would like to pursue that option. 
Thank you. 
Best regards, 
Delores Rubin 
<image001.gif> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076958 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223142 
EFTA01379466

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379467.pdf
----------------------------------------
Delores Rubin 
Director I Wealth Management Capital Markets 
Equity Trading 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
From: Richard Kahn [-
Sent: Tuesday, May 30, 2017 2:37 PM 
To: Delores Rubin < 
Cc: Tazia Smith <
> 
Subject: Re: Rothschild [C] 
yes please 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
FIBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On May 30, 2017, at 11:18 AM, Delores Rubin 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Richard, 
We do not have anything to show you as of yet, but with your permission could we work 
to get you an offer tomorrow? 
Thank you. 
Best regards, 
Delores Rubin 
<image001.gif> 
Delores Rubin 
Director I Wealth Management Capital Markets 
Equity Trading 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076959 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223143 
EFTA01379467

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379468.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tel. 
Em 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Tuesday, May 30, 2017 8:35 AM 
To: Delores Rubin < 
Subject: Re: Rothschild [Cl 
we are a buyer 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On May 30, 2017, at 8:25 AM, Delores Rubin 
.
1=> 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Hello Richard, 
We are unable to make a market in that size and as I stated last week 
without knowing if you are a Buyer or Seller we would not get a response 
from any of institutional clients we know care in the name. 
If you have an ultimate limit on either side, we could work an order for 
you. 
Best regards, 
Delores Rubin 
<image001.gif> 
Delores Rubin 
Director I Wealth Management Capital Markets 
Equity Trading 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076960 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223144 
EFTA01379468

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379469.pdf
----------------------------------------
Tel. 
Email 
From: Delores Rubin 
Sent: Wednesday, Ma 24, 2017 8:32 AM 
To: Tazia Smith < 
>; 'Richard Kahn' 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Vahe 
Ste • anian 
; Matt Glassman 
; Davide-A Sferrazza < 
Subject: RE: Rothschild (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Richard, 
Very little activity so far today on Rothschild. 
Our trader had working orders from two large institutions 
in the past 6 months. These institutions, if they have 
something to do would care on the type of size you 
would like to trade. Our trader would like the opportunity 
to inquiry if they care, but to be blunt, it is unreasonable 
to try to open them up without an idea of whether we are 
a buyer or a seller. 
DB would be happy to work an order for you using all of 
our institutional capabilities. 
Thank you. 
Best regards, 
Delores Rubin 
<image001.gif> 
Delores Rubin 
Director I Wealth Management Capital Markets 
Equity Trading 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: Tuesday, May 23, 2017 2:41 PM 
To: Richard Kahn < 
Cc: Delores Rubin < 
>; Stewart 
Oldfield < 
>; Vahe Stepanian 
>; Matt Glassman 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076962 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223146 
EFTA01379469

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379470.pdf
----------------------------------------
<matt.Rlassman@db.com>• Davide-A Sferrazza <davide-
a.sferrazza@db.com>
Subject: RE: Rothschild IC) 
Classification: Confidential 
Thanks Rich. 
No market on 100k that we're in touch with (DB or 
agent). Delores will work towards showing a smaller 
size to try to get a two-way in front of you. 
Understand no trade. 
Best, 
Tazia 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto:rigbardkahn12©gmailsom]
Sent: Tuesday, May 23, 2017 11:13 AM 
To: Tazia Smith 
Cc: Delores Rubin; Stewart Oldfield; Vahe Stepanian; 
Matt Glassman; Davide-A Sferrazza 
Subject: Re: Rothschild [C] 
mr epstein is not yet ready to put and order in 
without any firm indication on where he can get 
done for 100k 
thank you for your work on this.. 
Richard Kahn 
FIBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell 917-414-7584 
On May 23, 2017, at 12:06 PM, 
Tazia Smith <tazia.smith@db.com>
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Rich — 
Closing the loop on today's trading, 
ROTH FP closed at 28 EUR on 12,414 
daily volume. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076963 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223147 
EFTA01379470

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379471.pdf
----------------------------------------
DB did trade small today, - 3,000 
shares, split between High Touch and 
Low Touch which is usually the case for 
this name. The big International houses 
generally see Low Touch business, 
where the boutique houses dominate 
the High Touch. DB has good 
relationship with many of these 
boutique shops that work High Touch 
orders (as yours would be), so let us 
know if you'd like to discuss further per 
my prior note about working smaller 
size. 
Speak Soon, 
Tazia 
Cell: 
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: Tuesday, May 23, 2017 6:19 AM 
To: Delores Rubin; 'Richard Kahn' 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield; Vahe Stepanian; 
Matt Glassman 
Subject: RE: Rothschild [C] 
Rich - Just tried calling you. Please 
call Delores directly if you have 
follow through on this at 
As team relayed, DB isn't (nor are 
we in touch with as agent) a marker 
maker on a full 100k shares. But, 
Delores has market color and 
guidance on a market if you portion 
out that size and can help facilitate. 
Remember the market closes in Paris 
at I I:30am. 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076964 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223148 
EFTA01379471

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379472.pdf
----------------------------------------
w. 212-454-2889 
c. 917-327-4107 
tazia.smith(a,db.com 
Original Message 
From: Delores Rubin 
Sent: Tuesday, May 23, 2017 07:42 
AM Eastern Standard Time 
To: Richard Kahn; Tazia Smith 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield; Vahe 
Stepanian; Matt Glassman 
Subject: RE: Rothschild [C] 
Hello Richard, 
Sorry for the delayed response. I am 
one of the DB traders here in the US. I 
have been communicating with our team 
overseas on your inquiry. 
As Tazia mentioned, Rothschild is a 
light trading name. Our DB Institutional 
desk has not had any natural flow in this 
stock in the past few months, but a few 
clients that have expressed some 
interest in the name so we have calls 
out to ascertain if we might be able to 
put together something. 
The stock is currently 27.85 EUR x 
27.95 EUR with only 4,000 shares that 
have traded. Average volume for this 
stock is 17,000 shares. 
We will be back to shortly with more 
insight. 
Best regards, 
Delores Rubin 
<image001 gif> 
Delores Rubin 
Director I Wealth Management Capital Markets 
Equity Trading 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154.0004 New York, NY, 
USA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076965 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223149 
EFTA01379472

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379473.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Tuesday, May 23, 2017 6:18 AM 
To: Tazia Smith <a> 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Vahe 
Stepanian ve; 
Matt Glassman 
>; Delores 
Rubin 
Subjec : e: o isc 
Any update on bid ask for 100k Roth 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On May 22, 2017, at 6:47 PM, Tazia 
Smith ‹
> wrote: 
Working with our 
counterparts in 
Europe. Size / 
liquidity could be 
prohibitive for a 
market on that size 
but we will be back 
with color. 
Thanks Rich, 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Key Client Partners -
US 
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
----Original 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076966 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223150 
EFTA01379473

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379474.pdf
----------------------------------------
Confide 
Mal 
You 
saw it 
closed 
in 
France 
at 
27.585 
euros, 
on —1.6k 
shares 
today. 
Call you 
now to 
discuss 
your 
afterma 
rket 
objectiv 
es on 
100k — 
I'm 
concern 
ed b/a 
is going 
to be 
wide. 
From: 
Richard 
Kahn 
Sent: 
Monday 
, May 
22, 
2017 
11:09 
AM 
To: 
Tazia 
Smith 
Subjec 
t: Re: 
Rothsch 
ild [C] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076968 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223152 
EFTA01379474

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379475.pdf
----------------------------------------
thank 
you 
Richar 
d Kahn 
HBRK 
Associ 
ates 
Inc. 
575 
Lexing 
ton 
Avenu 
e 4th 
Floor 
New 
York, 
NY 
10022 
O 
M 
Y 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076969 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223153 
EFTA01379475

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379476.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
t 
T 
M 
z 
m 
I 
t 
h 
t 
S 
z 
S 
m 
t 
d 
b 
m 
w 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076970 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223154 
EFTA01379476

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379477.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076978 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223162 
EFTA01379477

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379478.pdf
----------------------------------------
> 
S 
u 
b 
J 
e 
c 
t 
R 
t 
h 
s 
c 
h 
i 
I 
d 
D 
a 
t 
e 
M 
a 
Y 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076980 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223164 
EFTA01379478

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379479.pdf
----------------------------------------
h 
S 
S 
f 
R 
h 
S 
C 
h 
d 
C 
S 
C 
C 
P 
E 
R 
H 
M 
T
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076984 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223168 
EFTA01379479

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379480.pdf
----------------------------------------
h 
C 
d 
K 
r 
H 
B 
K 
h 
S 
a 
S 
C 
t 
S 
x 
t 
L 
V 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076986 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223170 
EFTA01379480

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379481.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
e 
I 
T 
h 
i 
s 
c 
o 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076988 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223172 
EFTA01379481

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379482.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379482.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
f 
C 
r 
m 
e 
t 
Li 
a 
r 
e 
t 
t 
h 
e 
t 
e 
d 
e 
d 
r 
e 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076990 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223174 
EFTA01379482

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379483.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379483.pdf
----------------------------------------
m 
m 
u 
i 
C 
a 
t 
i 
A 
y 
u 
a 
u 
t 
h 
r 
i 
z 
e 
d 
c 
P 
y 
i 
d 
i 
s 
c 
I 
s 
u 
r 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076993 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223177 
EFTA01379483

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379484.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
d 
i 
s 
t 
r 
i 
b 
u 
t 
i 
f 
t 
h 
e 
m 
a 
t 
e 
r 
i 
a 
I 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076994 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223178 
EFTA01379484

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379485.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
o 
s 
h 
o 
u 
I 
d 
t 
b 
e 
r 
e 
a 
r 
d 
e 
d 
a 
s 
s 
u 
c 
h 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0076999 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223183 
EFTA01379485

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379486.pdf
----------------------------------------
contained in this 
communication 
should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain 
confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have 
received this communication in 
error) please notify the sender 
immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure 
or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer to 
https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render 
legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this 
communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the 
sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax 
advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as 
such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077003 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223187 
EFTA01379486

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379487.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU 
corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077004 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223188 
EFTA01379487

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379488.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
6/24/2017 1:28:32 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20170624 
RM CODE 
82289 
06/23/17 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT ø 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD ~UNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,388,903.78 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
156,217.67 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
100,591.79 
JEGE, INC 
963,187.55 
PLAN D, LLC 
230,331.42 
JEGE, LLC 
202,849.30 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
311,317.80 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
173,179.96 
NES, LLC 
370,765.93 
LS)E, LLC 
148,734.85 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
436,089.56 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
572,729.41 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
598,482.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
7,726,429.44 
CRW 2007 LLC 
.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK 2015 GRAT 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
10,906,247.09 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
339,180.29 
THE HAZE TRUST 
21,035,275.90 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
11,471,508.98 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
18,016,517.80 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
252,744.11 
SSW 2007 LLC 
262,083.82 
KWF 2007 LLC 
5,279,549.64 
CRW 2007 LLC 
250,228.46 
GEW 2007 LLC 
250,228.46 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
250,515.39 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
261,990.54 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
250,793.84 
TOOD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
250,243.89 
GEW 2009 LLC 
250,253.14 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
1,240,437.59 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
T000 R. WANEK 2015 GRAT 
250,158.90 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077005 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223189 
EFTA01379488

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379489.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC 
12/2017 7:19:36 AM 
- 1213[1] 
Subject: 
EMS/12071782361: Check referrals: 
Attachments: 1213.pdf 
Classification : For internal use only 
Hi All, 
Please respond with a pay/no pay decision for the mentioned in the attachment - Signature not on 
file 
If any of the transactions are deemed fraudulent, you must immediately notify your business 
manager and report the fraud to PBFraudReporting. Please follow the steps detailed in the fraud 
procedures. 
https://dhpolicyportal.intranet.db.com/gpag/pdU0901e5be8047bbla/filename is null.pdf 
Please note that we must have a reply by 3:1.5 p.m (EST) today in order to meet the Federal Reserve 
Check Clearing returns guidelines. 
Regards, 
Signature Verification 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077006 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223190 
EFTA01379489

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379490.pdf
----------------------------------------
1213 
NES, LLC 
6100 RED HOOK OUARTER 03 
ST. THOMAS 001302 
PAY TO 
ORDER OF 
THE 
AD.Wlnston 
Bght Thousand Eight Hundred Fifty-One and 541100 
MEMO 
A.D.VVinston Service. Inc. 
43-15 36th Street 
Long Island City. NY 11101 
Inv.# 5494 - Maintenance Contract 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
COMPANY AMERICAS 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 10154 
1.103 210 
7/6/2017 
$ "8,851.54 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
(.)\tAA. 0441 
DOLLARS t 
.00 L 2 13' 40 2 100 10 3 34 0 5 la 
114350761 07102017 NY088 4552281 BIC 
Check Information 
Exception Type 
Account # 
High dollar pull 
Previous Decision 
Refer 
Previous Reason 
Signature not on file 
Routing # 
Sequence # 
21001033 
Amount 
8,851.54 
66016440 
Check # 
1213 
At 
81.§ 
PP, 
***Signature not on file*** 
Account Information 
Account Name 
NES, LLC 
Account Number 
Branch Number 
Officer Code 
Account Message 
Signature Required 
Internal Comments 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077007 
SDNY_GM_00223191 
EFTA01379490

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379491.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent 
7/12/2017 4:40:06 PM 
To: 
Zbynek Kozelsky 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: Ziggy - see below. Can you confirm that Southern Financial can trade listed options? Thank you. Ill 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Shoshan is on MTA 
From: Zbynek Kozelsky 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2017 4:39 PM 
To: Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: RE: Ziggy - see below. Can you confirm that Southern Financial can trade listed options? Thank you. Il] 
Yes, and go to the profile page — bottom to see what levels he is approved for (....he can do all levels). 
Are we doing business with him again? If yes, please make sure Shoshan is involved, it is under his CA number. 
Thanks 
Zbynek "Ziggy" Kozelsky 
Director I Branch Administrative Manager 
Investment Solutions Group US & Latin America 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Email: 
AJI trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of your receipt of the official trade 
confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of the trade(s) may be subject to change prior to settlement, and 
therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and account statements issued by Deutsche Bank shall govern. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any 
discrepancy between the informal execution report arid the official trade confirmation(s) or account statements. 
This email may contain confidential and/or privileged information If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this email in error). please notify 
the sender immediately and delete the email from your compiler. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this email is 
prohibited. 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2017 4:34 PM 
To: Zbynek Kozelsky < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Ziggy - see below. Can you confirm that Southern Financial can trade listed options? Thank you. III 
Classification: For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077008 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223192 
EFTA01379491

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379492.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
7/12/2017 6:26:11 PM 
To: 
Vahe Stepanian[_ 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield [-
Subject: 
Re: Euro Calls [Cj 
ok 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
> On Jul 12, 2017, at 4:21 PM, Vahe Stepanian < 
> wrote: 
> 
• Classification: Confidential 
> 
• Hi Rich - received your email. I'm double checking and will be back to you. 
> 
• Best, 
> Vahe 
• 
original message 
> From: Richard Kahn [mailto: 
> sent: Wednesday, Jul 12 2IIT
IMilli
3:48Pl. 
> To: Vahe Stepanian 
> cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
> subject: Euro calls 
> 
• are we equip to buy euro calls? 
> if not please provide structure to get long vs USD please advise thank you 
> 
• Richard Kahn 
> HBRK Associates Inc. 
> 575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
> New York NY 10022 
> This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
> 
• Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
> 
• Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077010 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223194 
EFTA01379492

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379493.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Xavier Avila 
Sent: 
7/12/2017 7:19:29 PM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Daniel•E Kaiser 
; Matt Glassman 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein - does 8/8 work for the trading meeting? Thanks 
It works for me. Thanks 
Original Message 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2017 06:36 PM Eastern Standard Time 
To: Daniel-E Kaiser; Xavier Avila; Matt Glassman 
Subject: Epstein - does 8/8 work for the trading meeting? Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered though Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077011 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223195 
EFTA01379493

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379494.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
7/12/2017 9:08:52 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
Re: Frieze London & Frieze Masters 2017 - October 4, 2017 
thank you 
i sent to jee however i am sure he will not reply 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jul 12, 2017, at 7:31 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
Rich, 
wrote: 
if you plan to be in London at the beginning of October, you should definitely join us at Frieze. It's a 
great event and we would love to host you. Think JE would be interested? Thanks, 
Stew 
<image001.jpg> 
Frieze London & Frieze Masters 2017 
October 4-8, Regents Park, London NW1 4NR 
Frieze London 
Frieze London will return to Regents Park, London from October 4 to 8, 2017. Now in its fourteenth 
year, 
Frieze London has quickly become one of the most anticipated events on the international art agenda. 
This year at Frieze London, in the Deutsche Bank Wealth Management Lounge, we will exhibit the work 
of John Akomfrah, an artist and filmmaker whose exhibition in our lounge at Frieze, entitled Thresholds 
will showcase new photographic works as well as film. 
Frieze Masters 
The 6th year in London, Frieze Masters is a pre-2000 works fair, situated a 10 minute walk across 
Regent's Park 
from Frieze London. We are delighted to announce that this year we will have a small light refreshments 
Lounge at Frieze Masters which clients can access for the duration of the fair. The Lounge at Masters will 
have its own private entrance and can be accessed from 10am on Preview Day and for the duration of 
the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077012 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223196 
EFTA01379494

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379495.pdf
----------------------------------------
fair. 
<image002.png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
blackberry 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077013 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223197 
EFTA01379495

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379496.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
7/25/2017 3:56:43 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
I; Darren Indyke 
Subject: 
RE: SFL LLC (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Darren - today you executed the following per our conversation: 
S 5000 AKRX @ S33.631 
S 2000 GPACU @ 510.0658 
S 200 MTCH @ 518.931 
S 200 SO @ 526.851 
S 400 GLBL @ 55.025 
I; Joshua Shoshan 
As discussed, we will hold off on the WILY sale for now given the tender offer in conjunction with the 
Intel acquisition. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
original message 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, July 25, 2017 3:38 PM 
To: vahe Stepanian 
cc: Stewart oldfield 
Subject: SFL LLC 
; Darren indyke 
can you please sell the following positions at market today thank you 
Akorn Inc. 
5,000 shares 
Global Partner Acquisition Group 
2,000 shares 
match 
200 shares 
Mobileye 
800 shares 
Square 
200 shares 
Terraform Global 
400 shares 
please call darren to confirm at 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077014 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223198 
EFTA01379496

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379497.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stet: 
8 2017 2:28:10 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
ally Deposit Report 20170808 
RM CODE 
82289 
08/07/17 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,433,258.80 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
266,140.93 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
100,291.79 
JEGE, INC 
D 
963,187.55 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
170,653.82 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
141,777.48 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
239,144.47 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
109,241.43 
NES, LLC 
D 
172,491.60 
LSJE, LLC 
393,799.66 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
160,898.32 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
346,762.08 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
448,182.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
7,717,706.44 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
2,661,352.64 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
339,360.24 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
21,063,409.16 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
11,486,851.35 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
18,040,613.67 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
253,082.14 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
262,430.53 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
5,284,956.19 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
250,563.13 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
250,563.13 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
250,850.44 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
262,338.55 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
251,129.26 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
250,578.57 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
250,587.84 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
4,304,486.50 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077015 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223199 
EFTA01379497

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379498.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
8/28/2017 12:52:18 PM 
To: 
Vahe Stepanian 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
Re: trading meeting 
I; Liam Osullivan 
received and will send back middle of September once our consultant begins 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Aug 25, 2017, at 3:04 PM, Vahe Stepanian < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Rich — please find attached the paperwork to grant your new hire trading authorization on the existing 
brokerage accounts. For all of the accounts other than the JEE personal account — the "Trading 
Authorization Limited" form should be completed. 
For only the JEE personal account — the POA should be completed, and we suggest checking off as 
"limited" power of attorney if only granting trading authority (vs. full POA, which would allow him to 
also transfer assets out of the account). Both forms have sections for name, legal address, DOB, and 
SSN. Our compliance mandates that the forms should be completed using your new hire's personal 
address on the forms (i.e. not his office address). In addition, we will need a government issued (non-
expired) photo ID. 
I'm CC'ing my colleague Liam here who will help on the documentation side. Please let us know if you 
have questions. 
Have a great weekend. 
Best, 
Vahe 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, August 25, 2017 11:18 AM 
To: Richard Kahn 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: RE: trading meeting 
Vahe - Can you help Rich with those dots? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077017 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223201 
EFTA01379498

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379499.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rich — will look at week of the 18th and be back 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Friday, August 25, 2017 11:07 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
i just found out that our new hire will be out that week...drama continues... 
can we target the week of september 18th? 
also can you send us trading authority dots on all brokerage accounts so that we can add our new 
hire 
thank you 
On Aug 25, 2017, at 10:34 AM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Any luck with 9/14 or 9/15? Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, August 22, 2017 5:24 PM 
To: 'Richard Kahn' 
Subject: RE: trading meeting 
Sorry, forgot that we have a global offsite in London the week of the 5i° that a lot of 
people will be at. Then I'm out the 111h-13th at the DB Technology conference (let me 
know if you want to join in Las Vegas . ..) Can we try for the 14th or 15th? Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Tuesday, August 22, 2017 3:59 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
hope your summer has been going well 
would love to chat and catch up.. 
looking at sep 5 / 6 / 7 for trading meeting 
might any of those dates work for your team? 
please advise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077018 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223202 
EFTA01379499

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379500.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Jul 24 2017 at 2:48 PM, Stewart Old ieId 
wrote: 
8/10 at 10am at our office 
Dan Kaiser — US head of Key Client Partners 
Xavier Avila — Latam head of Key Client Partners (will add to any 
discussion about EM trading) 
Martin Zeman — KCP head of trading 
I will be there as well, along with either Matt Glassman or Vahe on the 
KCP coverage side. 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Monday, July 24, 2017 1:17 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
please confirm when date is firm along with individuals we will be 
meeting 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
On Jul 20, 2017, at 2:35 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
4c
). wrote: 
I think 8/10 at 10am works for us 
From: Richard Kahn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SOW-0077019 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223203 
EFTA01379500

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379501.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sent: Wednesday, July 19, 2017 11:23 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
can we move apt to 8/9 or 8/10 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jul 13, 2017, at 10:17 AM, 
Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Confirmed for the morning of 
8/8. Aiming for 1.0am in our 
office. You'll meet the whole gang. 
In other news, I went running this 
morning. It was brutal outside. 
Thanks! 
From: Richard Kahn 
(mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, July 12, 2017 9:09 
PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading meeting 
or 10am 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
teal
fafax
=, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077020 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223204 
EFTA01379501

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379502.pdf
----------------------------------------
cell 
On Jul 12, 2017, at 
6:34 PM, Stewart 
Oldtield 
wro e: 
Lemme check and come 
back to you tmw. Any 
time preference? 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Wednesday, July 
12, 2017 6:21 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
meeting 
how is 8/8? 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK 
Associates Inc. 
575 
Lexington Avenue 4th 
Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077021 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223205 
EFTA01379502

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379503.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Jul 
12, 
2017, 
at 4:50 
PM, 
Stewar 
t 
Oldfiel 
d 
II 
> 
wrote: 
8/3 
doesn't 
work 
on our 
side 
unfortu 
nately. 
What's 
the 
next 
date 
8/7 or 
later 
that 
works 
for 
you? 
Thanks 
From: R 
ichard 
Kahn 
(maiIto: 
Sent: W 
ednesd 
ay, July 
12, 
2017 
4:48 
PM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077022 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223206 
EFTA01379503

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379504.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Ste 
wart 
Oldfield 
Subject 
: Re: 
trading 
meetin 
g 
8/.3 is 
best 
for us 
Richar 
d Kahn 
HBRK 
Associ 
ates In 
c. 
575 
Lexing 
ton Av 
enue 
4th 
Floor 
New 
York, 
NY IO 
022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077023 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223207 
EFTA01379504

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379505.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
r 
d 
t 
d 
t 
r 
M 
e 
e 
$ 
e 
t 
w 
k 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077026 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223210 
EFTA01379505

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379506.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
d 
i 
c 
u 
d 
e 
h 
i 
m 
t 
h 
i 
k 
C 
a 
w 
e 
d 
a 
m 
a 
r 
i 
g 
a 
f 
/ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077027 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223211 
EFTA01379506

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379507.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
r 
t 
m 
e 
h 
e 
f 
w 
w 
e 
e 
k 
T 
h 
k 
F 
r 
m 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077028 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223212 
EFTA01379507

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379508.pdf
----------------------------------------
R 
i 
c 
h 
a 
r 
d 
K 
a 
h 
m 
a 
I 
I 
t 
I 
S 
e 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077029 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223213 
EFTA01379508

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379509.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
b 
e 
t 
R 
e 
r 
t 
d 
m 
e 
e 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077031 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223215 
EFTA01379509

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379510.pdf
----------------------------------------
V 
h 
F 
r 
NV 
r 
Y 
Y 
t 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077033 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223217 
EFTA01379510

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379511.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077034 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223218 
EFTA01379511

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379512.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
e 
t 
T 
u 
e 
s 
d 
a 
y 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077038 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223222 
EFTA01379512

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379513.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
a 
t 
M 
S 
t 
e 
w 
a 
r 
t 
O 
I 
d 
f 
i 
e 
I 
d 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077045 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223229 
EFTA01379513

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379514.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
e 
t 
F 
r 
i 
d 
a 
Y 
I 
U 
Y 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077048 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223232 
EFTA01379514

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379515.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
f 
a 
x 
c 
e 
I 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077053 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223237 
EFTA01379515

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379516.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
e 
d 
d
d 
b 
I 
S 
e 
U 
e 
e 
e 
d 
h 
h 
D 
U 
h 
B 
m 
k 
S 
U 
e 
$ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077063 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223247 
EFTA01379516

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379517.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
i 
s 
c 
I 
s 
u 
r 
e 
r 
d 
i 
s 
t 
r 
i 
b 
u 
t 
i 
f 
t 
h 
e 
m 
a 
t 
e 
r 
i 
a 
I 
t 
h 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077069 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223253 
EFTA01379517

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379518.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
C 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
s 
s 
t 
r 
i 
C 
t 
I 
y 
f 
r 
b 
i 
d 
d 
e 
P 
I 
e 
a 
s 
e 
r 
e 
f 
e 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077070 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223254 
EFTA01379518

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379519.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
r 
e 
o 
t 
t 
h 
e 
i 
t 
e 
d 
e 
d 
r 
e 
c 
i 
p 
i 
e 
t 
( 
o 
r 
h 
a 
v 
e 
r 
e 
c 
e 
i 
v 
e 
d 
t 
h 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077077 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223261 
EFTA01379519

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379520.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
C 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
e 
r 
r 
r 
) 
P 
I 
e 
a 
s 
e 
t 
i 
f 
y 
t 
h 
e 
s 
e 
d 
e 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077078 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223262 
EFTA01379520

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379521.pdf
----------------------------------------
m 
m 
e 
d 
i 
a 
t 
e 
I 
Y 
a 
d 
d 
e 
s 
t 
r 
o 
Y 
t 
h 
i 
s 
C 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
A 
Y 
u 
a 
u 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077079 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223263 
EFTA01379521

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379522.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
h 
e 
i 
f 
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
c 
t 
a 
i 
e 
d 
i 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
S 
h 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077085 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223269 
EFTA01379522

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379523.pdf
----------------------------------------
m 
a 
y 
C 
t 
a 
i 
c 
f 
i 
d 
e 
t 
i 
a 
I 
a 
d 
/ 
o 
r 
p 
r 
i 
v 
i 
I 
e 
e 
d 
i 
f 
r 
m 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077087 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223271 
EFTA01379523

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379524.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
t 
i 
I 
f 
y 
u 
a 
r 
e 
t 
t 
h 
e 
i 
t 
e 
d 
e 
d 
r 
e 
c 
i 
p 
e 
t 
( 
r 
h 
a 
v 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077088 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223272 
EFTA01379524

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379525.pdf
----------------------------------------
Y 
t 
h 
e 
s 
e 
d 
e 
r 
i 
m 
m 
e 
d 
i 
a 
t 
e 
I 
Y 
a 
d 
d 
e 
s 
t 
r 
o 
y 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077090 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223274 
EFTA01379525

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379526.pdf
----------------------------------------
f 
h 
e 
m 
U 
e 
S 
C 
m 
in 
C 
U 
S 
S 
t 
C 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077092 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223276 
EFTA01379526

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379527.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
I 
Y 
f 
r 
b 
i 
d 
d 
e 
P 
I 
e 
a 
s 
e 
r 
e 
f 
e 
r 
t 
h 
t 
t 
s 
c 
m 
/ 
d 
i 
s 
c 
i 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077093 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223277 
EFTA01379527

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379528.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
C 
I 
s 
u 
r 
e 
s 
D 
e 
u 
t 
s 
c 
h 
e 
B 
a 
k 
d 
o 
e 
s 
o 
t 
r 
e 
d 
e 
r 
I 
e 
a 
I 
r 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077095 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223279 
EFTA01379528

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379529.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
C 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
m 
a 
Y 
c 
t 
a 
i 
c 
f 
i 
d 
e 
t 
i 
a 
I 
a 
d 
/ 
r 
p 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077098 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223282 
EFTA01379529

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379530.pdf
----------------------------------------
) 
P 
I 
e 
a 
s 
e 
O 
t 
i 
f 
Y 
t 
h 
e 
s 
e 
d 
e 
r 
i 
m 
m 
e 
d 
i 
a 
t 
e 
I 
y 
a 
d 
d 
e 
s 
t 
r 
O 
y 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077101 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223285 
EFTA01379530

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379531.pdf
----------------------------------------
u 
r 
e 
o 
r 
d 
i 
s 
t 
r 
i 
b 
u 
t 
i 
o 
o 
f 
t 
h 
e 
m 
a 
t 
e 
r 
i 
a 
I 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077103 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223287 
EFTA01379531

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379532.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
m 
S 
C 
S 
U
r 
e 
f 
r 
b 
t 
O 
d 
U 
C 
r 
r 
E 
e 
t 
d 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077105 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223289 
EFTA01379532

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379533.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
d 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
s 
h 
o 
u 
I 
d 
t 
b 
e 
r 
e 
a 
r 
d 
e 
d 
a 
s 
s 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077108 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223292 
EFTA01379533

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379534.pdf
----------------------------------------
should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain 
confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have 
received this communication in 
error) please notify the sender 
immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure 
or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer 
to https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render 
legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this 
communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the 
sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax 
advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as 
such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077112 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223296 
EFTA01379534

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379535.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Old 
Sent: 
9/14/2017 11:19:37 AM 
To: 
Matt Glassman 
Martin Zeman 
Subject: 
FW: trade in SFL LIC 
Who can help with this? 
From: Richard Kahn Imailto
Sent: Thursday, September 14, 2017 8:47 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian 
>; Tazia Smith <->; 
Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Darren Indyke < 
Subject: trade in SFL LLC 
Please call Darren to confirm the following trade 
Buy 5000 QCOM at market 
Once done: 
Sell 50 Nov'17 52.50 Calls 
Sell 50 Nov'17 50 Puts 
Net credit of $3.00 or better 
Thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077114 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223298 
EFTA01379535

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379536.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379536.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Gillin 
Sent: 
9/28/2017 1:05:28 PM 
To: 
Joy E Mitchell 
; Julian J Leff 
I • Fernandes, Maria I 
I; Itile, Renel 
CC: 
vya ajawa 
—11]; 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
INV 
; Mariela Lopez 
ewa 
I  u to • stewart 
I; Pugh, Pamela A 
]; Groover, Karen A 
]; Anna E Del Rosso 
am 
Inn 
; Gail F Mahabir I 
; CUST 
I; Norma A Kenney  
" 
— 
Raphael A Mann 
; Muhammod J Uddin 
l; Evon A Lawrence 
; Hemant-Kumar Rathore I 
I; Erna Menniti 
4; Sara Castro ail; 
Theresa Coleman 
Subject: 
RE: Deposit Return - A/c fia 
Query for pwm return Item [C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Confirmed. Please re-deposit the check. 
Regards, 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Joy E Mitchell 
Sent: Thursday, September 28, 2017 12:59 PM 
To: Julian 1 Leff <a; 
Bradley Gillin <
IIMIa; 
Pugh, Pamela A 
ca>; 
Fernandes, Maria I <
a>; 
Groover, Karen A 
<
.; !tile, Renel .a; 
Anna E Del Rosso 
Cc: 
Divya Rajawat • 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
a; 
Cynthia Rodriguez alm>; 
Gail F Mahabir 
Mariela Lopez all
; Norma A Kenney 
Marin 
; Muhammod J Uddin 
; CUST INV 
>; Raphael A 
Evon A Lawrence 
emant-Kumar Rathore 
; Erna Menniti 
>; Sara Castro a; 
T eresa Co eman < 
> 
Subject: RE: Deposit Return - A/c # 35269691 *** Query for pwm return Item [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077115 
SDNY_GM_00223299 
EFTA01379536

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379537.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
; CUST INV 
Mariela Lo ez 
e 
Raphael A Marin 
Joy E Mitchell 
Cc 
Bra• ey 
Muhammod J Uddin 
wya • a awa 
; William-M Finn 
ewa 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Subject: RE: Deposit Return - A/c 
** Query for pwm return Item ill 
classification: For Internal use only 
Hemant-Kumar, 
The check was returned by Banco Popular for not authorized, you will have to contact Banco Popular for 
further explanation. 
Kind Regards, 
Gail FMahabir 
DB USA Core Corporation 
Check Support 
Wall Street 
IP Floor 
Ncw York, NY 10005 
From: Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
Sent: Wedne 
, 2017 11:34 AM 
To: CUST IN 
; Mariela Lopezeorma 
A Kenney 
Raphael A Marin 
• Joy E Mitchell 
Muhammodl Uddin  
' 
' 
T " 
1>; Gail F Mahabir 
Cc 
Bra ey i in 
•ivya •ajawa 
ewar 
rh am- • Finn 
-; Cynt is Rodriguez 
Subject: RE: Deposit Return - A/c 
"
4' Query for pwm return Item [I] 
Classification. For Internal use only 
Hi Team, 
Can you please answer for below question or Bradly which is related with one item of Deposit return :-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077121 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223305 
EFTA01379537

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379538.pdf
----------------------------------------
The check shows that Jeffery Epstein, made a check out to himself, from a Banco popular account to be deposited in an 
account in his name at DB. 
Why would this get returned? 
Soot 010:551Slert 
Pap: I 
d: 
of:24(:017
t.eAte4: Gs,14/2017 14:32:S3 
gar*: 
00001 
Oil 14406,1%4 AUlth 1110 REPO*, 
OGDOWIt 
Oft- PCS Rai 
Ctesostur's acti 
Cimick ISM 
(neck AWY 
o 
Thanks, 
With regards. 
Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
450000.00 
Check OC Crsta MST 
CW4ck SN1i1 Mum 
Check ST W. 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
A-1 8 A-2. Evolve - Mahindra Technol 
Park, Inside MaFindra World City - SEZ. 302029 Jaipur, India 
Please send all the Banking related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
Otopwmbankinoexceptioncheckprocessimalist.db.com 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Wednesday, September 27, 2017 11:26 AM 
To: Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
Di a Ra awat 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
William-M Finn 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Subject: RE: Deposit Return - A/c # 35269691 [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
The check shows that Jeffery Epstein. made a check out to himself, from a Banco popular account to be deposited in an 
account in his name at DB. 
Why would this get returned? 
Regards, 
Brad 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077122 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223306 
EFTA01379538

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379539.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077125 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223309 
EFTA01379539

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379540.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
10/23/2017 10:37:15 AM 
To: 
Amlcompliance In • uirie 
CC: 
Cynthia Rodrigue 
Andrew Gallivan 
BCC: 
Subject: 
RE: Inquiry Regar' ing Accoun 
Client: SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC.; Case No. 144434 - DUE October 
[I] 
Purpose of the wire is advisory fees 
Alpha Group Capital is an RIA that is now providing advisory and trading services to Southern Trust and Southern 
Financial 
You should expect to see wires consistently between the two parties. 
Please call with any questions. 
Thanks 
From: Danya Friedman On Behalf Of Amlcompliance Inquiries 
Sent: Monday, Octob 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Amlcompliance In 
Andrew Galliva 
Subject: Inquiry Regarding Account 
October 30 [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Good Morning: 
Cynthia Rodrigue 
Client: SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC.; Case No. 144434 - DUE 
The above referenced account has had the following activity. To assist in this review and further document your 
supervision of this account, please provide information regarding the following transactions. Your complete response 
must be received within 5 business days. 
Outgoing Wire 
09/19/2017, 578,938.00, ALPHA GROUP CAPITAL LLC at BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., NY 
1. Please explain the purpose of this Outgoing Wire. 
2. Please explain the relationship between the Client and Counterparty. 
3. Please explain the business activities of the Counterparty. 
Please provide any additional pertinent information. 
Thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter. 
Best Regards/Mit freundlichen GriiRen, 
PWM AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall St., 23 Floor 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077126 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223310 
EFTA01379540

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379541.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
fyi 
Stewart Oldfield 
11/6/2017 10:32:48 AM 
Bradley Giffin I 
I; Cynthia Rodriguez 
FW: Southern Financial Trade Report - Week of 10/30/17 [C] 
SFLLC Activity_Week of 10.30.17.xlsx 
From: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Sent: Monday, November 06, 2017 8:30 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Vahe Ste anian 
>; Joshua Shoshan 
; Liam Osullivan < 
Subject: Southern Financial Trade Report - Week of 10/30/17 [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Stew, 
>; Martin Zeman 
Please find last week's trade details for Southern Financial attached. Let us know if you have any questions. 
Regards, 
Davide 
Davide Sferrazza 
Analyst I Key Client Partners — US 
Deutsche Bank Securities. Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077128 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223312 
EFTA01379541

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379542.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Stewart Oldfiel 
3/6/2018 4:05:34 PM 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
FW: RDC - 3rd Party Violation - Jeffrey Epstein[I] 
35269691 check 2.15.18.pdf; 35269691 deposit 2.15.18.pdf 
From: Carmen A Ayala 
Sent: Tuesday, March 06, 2018 1:57 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfiel 
Cc: TheBranch Staff 
avi 
Firdaus Madiar 
herie Quigley 
Subject: RDC - 3rd Party Violation - Jeffrey Epsteinul 
Hi Stewart, 
Daphne Cales 
Please advise your client " Jeffrey Epstein " that the processing of third party checks and 
improperly endorsed checks is a violation of the Remote Deposit Capture User Agreement. 
On 02/15/18 check payable to "Southern Financial" in the amount of $1,820.00 was deposited into 
the above named account. 
Please advise your client to be more diligent in reviewing the checks before scanning them. if the 
situation continues, the bank may be forced to remove the client's deposit scanning privileges. 
Kind regards, 
Carmen A Ayala 
Vice President I Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
NY. USA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077130 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223314 
EFTA01379542

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379543.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pay 
the 
Order of  
# 
eikk.e- 
I $ I Fa-O, © 
r 
/I /-,?4.n 14._4 10/4 id eita-edil 
cedi0 0  
 Uggirs el I. r67
Dim 
First Republic Bank 
320 Park Avenue 
New York, WY 10022 
SOO 902 1407 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077131 
SDNY_GM_00223315 
EFTA01379543

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379544.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(S) 
OB-SDNY-0077132 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM 00223316 
EFTA01379544

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379545.pdf
----------------------------------------
N PS 
I. 0 
0 
V 
IC) 
R 
eFe--fly 
6- cs761,•1
NAMEJ 
ACCOUNT NCI
$ 
1-103/210 
TOTAL 
ITEMS 
I 
DEPOSITS MAY iVOT BE AVAILABLE 
FOR IMMEDIATE WiTHDRAWAL 
CHECKS MO OTHER ITEMS ARE RECEIVE° FOR 
DEPOSE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE 
uteront, CO'IMEROAL COOL OR ANY APPLIEmiu 
COLIKIION ACME/ANN. 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 PtukAvenue, New York New York, lose 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077133 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223317 
EFTA01379545

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379546.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180320 
3/20/2018 2:30:27 AM 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE 
ACCT I 
NAME 
NOEL VOLPE & 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
NOEL VOLPE & 
03/19/18 
BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
135,270.08 
3,232,572.54 
.00 
150,078.56 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,038,021.75 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
253,560.08 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
760,413.06 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
273,860.65 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
389,515.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
135,409.23 
PLAN D, LLC 
634,927.32 
JEGE, LLC 
446,835.08 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
332,622.83 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
348,409.05 
NES, LLC 
312,950.61 
JSC INTERIORS LLC 
166,728.21 
LSJE, LLC 
373,600.22 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
251,023.47 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
454,724.08 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
349,072.22 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
398,182.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
CRW 2007 LLC 
.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
253,302.22 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
245,515.28 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
341,184.58 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC -
267,500.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
49,279,231.93 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
7,019,583.45 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
201,460.85 
55W 2007 LLC 
287,237.92 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,753,356.69 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
289,155.97 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,751,837.42 
CRW 2009 LLC 
251,903.10 
GEW 2009 LLC 
251,912.41 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
14,999,000.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077135 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223319 
EFTA01379546

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379547.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077136 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223320 
EFTA01379547

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379548.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
3/21/2018 1:27:26 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180321 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/20/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AmouNT 
35266693 NOEL VOLPE & 
134,970.08 
35269691 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,056,746.82 
35270625 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
37992752 NOEL VOLPE & 
150,078.56 
40820206 THE JOCKEY CLUB 
818,037.42 
40821970 THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
240,724.86 
42811776 THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
658,902.02 
42909431 EQUIBASE COMPANY 
375,063.36 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
389,515.00 
42953424 NEPTUNE, LLC 
135,409.23 
42953467 PLAN D, LLC 
633,421.84 
42953475 JEGE, LLC 
446,835.08 
42953707 DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
332,622.83 
42953715 MUCK ASSOCIATES, INC 
348,409.05 
42953758 NES, LLC 
312,950.61 
42957978 )SC INTERIORS LLC 
166,728.21 
42959295 LSJE, LLC 
365,278.09 
42959324 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
251,023.47 
42963550 BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
415,210.67 
42966807 ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
349,072.22 
42967121 PRYTANEE, LLC 
398,182.14 
42967287 THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
42967447 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
5,000,000.00 
42967703 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
44107301 AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
253,302.22 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
245,515.28 
44133251 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
341,184.58 
44138167 CRw 2009 LLC 
276,861.00 
44138175 GEW 2009 LLC 
276,399.66 
44138714 DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC -
267,500.00 
77000949 THE HAZE TRUST 
49,279,231.93 
77000957 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
7,019,583.45 
77000965 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
201,460.85 
77000981 TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
10,010,783.18 
77001001 SSW 2007 LLC 
1,287,237.92 
77001028 KWF 2007 LLC 
253,356.69 
77001052 CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,281.69 
77001060 GEw 2007 LLC 
1,000,525.44 
77001079 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
2,789,155.97 
77001087 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
251,837.42 
77001220 CRW 2009 LLC 
251,903.10 
77001239 GEW 2009 LLC 
251,912.41 
77004659 THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
14,999,000.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_adminellist.db.con 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077137 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223321 
EFTA01379548

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379549.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
5/24/2018 1:38:511
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
Re: when's your Hawaii trip? 
yes 
our timing was good pre volcano.. 
how was brooklyn half? 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell
On May 24, 2018, at 1:38 PM, Stewart Oldfield <1
.=> 
wrote: 
I thought it may have passed. Awesome. Now you need something else to look forward to 
From: Richard Kahn mailto 
Sent: Thursday, May 24 2018 1:24 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: when's your Hawaii trip? 
it was great 
went in March.. 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HEIRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On May 24, 2018, at 10:42 AM, Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077138 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223322 
EFTA01379549

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379550.pdf
----------------------------------------
<image00I .png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Batt Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
Secunties offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077139 
SDNY_GM_00223323 
EFTA01379550

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379551.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rodney Macelus 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
NewYork NY 19154 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
From: Nicole Perskawiec 
Sent: Monday, June 18, 2018 10:20 AM 
To: Rodney Macelus 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Firdaus Madiar 
Subject: RE: Euros from ace -[II 
Classification: For illeNeei Use only 
Good Morning Rodney, 
The daily limit is $7,500 USD. Today's EUR rate is 1.19. 
Kind regards, 
Nicole Perskawiec 
a
Nicole Perskawiec 
Deutsche Bait Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bait Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New Yolk, NY, 10154 
Tel. 
Fax: 
Email: 
From: Rodney Macelus 
Sent: Monday, June 18, 2018 9:48 AM 
To: Nicole Perskawiec <nicole.perskawiec@db.com>
Cc: Bradley Gitlin < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: FW: Euros from acc 
Hi Nicole, 
Another request for you... Please advise. 
Thank youl 
Best, 
>; Firdaus Madiar 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077141 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223325 
EFTA01379551

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379552.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYk.-E, PLLC: 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
(-phone: MISSINSIN 
******************************************************************************** 
***** 
.11w information contained in this communication is confidential. may be attorney-client privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. 
It is the property of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication 
and all copies themol. including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - O 2018 Darren K. Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
******************************************************************************** 
***** 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077144 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223328 
EFTA01379552

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379553.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legai entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Titie of Nature) Parson Opening Account; 
7c '""`"" 
Cr
icetn 
jal".rs tbae--i t 4ArC s`°-4 
-01 t4,04:1/4). 
;:11%31 Entity. Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity fer Which the Account is Being Opened. 
• 
(..LC_ a Usu, 
t 
L.4 (c 0-th (, 4,/ Cava 
lb° 
-L..te 
OLx‘vireirt 63 
- VtAtbov...a 
tJSJi 
O 
Ca--
) 
c Tee fcenviing information for each individnai. any, who; directiy or indirectly, thtry..41h any contract, airangement;
relaticnr;f1 
C.V• c!n •:rice. owns 25 oercenr 0:. mons of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
”1. 
Tarsi 6:6,pcfetri Spica  
Ct>too igah geuvawker, OS 
1a7 ItA 
nu ao Vc tvg Coic,m 
r-
k 
Lo 
CL" -as OSVt OOtoa 
Coa 
/s—oez, La..er Ptta t. 
er 
;Neon" 
: Far von.U.S.rturfom: 
74)(1.E 
reinrem. 'Iry int:447hr. 
toSocial Sant: ranilbiti) 
7,>E 
S, ”onc.ollei 
.3a.,$ 347;a.4 k`gitt..4 ttr 4 P.M.I.S..0e! 'Aanbe cith Co: r.trr  
Is:pions :to titir ca:rafration nine rumba_ or il.=egrir 
Mid WW1?, 
Cd ant *the, citICOIMOI, O•ahltddOtaltOtOt eVietV.Itg 
og few/axe end ceniiiig 4 chatagtigfr. 01 Jima', ustep.,..vu twa t, 
el ro ireividea meets INC. tlerifition Mean reite • Hot Aeakeoni 
d. The following information for uneindividuai with significant reaponsibility 
for managing me iegal entity fined above. 
stet: as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Execufiva Officer. Chief Financial Officer, 
Operatirg Ofliter. 
Managing Member. General Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly mforms ShriiLli• functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above [nay also he listed in this ieorinn 
ttie 11 8, (OO anse-v.4.-01....4-4.-s,c 
a era-is Pras., 
flae.o s 
ad'idion 
a 
• 
aM ..1., •A• • of Imo. 
On' 
c& •• •• • • 
Alec. 
ek&e-1 
fna 
my ::Sedge, 
vlat the 
pro‘tieed above 
ate,b10.gr!' 
TIMIN':denVrrito tnetioma 
U.S. Fr:el'es. 
Saul c_an Lehi
t.ulher 
Oar heo.U.S !amen 
c.r.ier. 
i fr: bit Of.`4,0•,,• 
to Sc.o.e 
Po.ccier.."4" 
or (lacteal person opening the account) hereby certify. to the best of 
complete and correct 
Cr 201E Ornenea Hank AC: Al ryes taste.ti, 1,9•1189806 02$819.Co91319 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077145 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223329 
EFTA01379553

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379554.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legs! entity must provide the following information: 
a Nemo end Title of Netter,' Person Opening Account: 
-Tag CCP' me G . 
) 
U Name of egal Entity. Iva of Levi Entily. anti itildrtt;53 of Legal Ent!v icr t1eT;;;Pt 
ACCOtelt !S geirta 0%4mo: 
61O1 ?cre° —.. Ya.Jf 
c, 1 os 
to kis) o ta ct4uc4T C. ..)....itev e 83 
11.-4,..s 1 Qs%) k 
Stolse_. Vot. Q. WI. 
CP' 
t • 
1.41C0-AP•""j 
C... The -Pt kyti!1:4 itItOcfnation for each 
if Elni. vthts, ',PrtiCt.ty 
ind:reCti`rs, through any cent 
understanding. rebtionship or othe!wise. owns 25 per cent or more of the equity interests of the 
-ract, arrangemat 
legal entity listed above: 
cog us. datst-IS 
3eiitiSt!totey 
! Notate 
Sava(Ef
cp3  t /O4 
s 
0300 %era Rack. e..fovc‘v-
€ 4  
was, ) 
OOqO,2,. 
For 
fl.Penot 
raft rootrava 1 he tbraW,ai.
to Soroal 'Secority 
NOn-U.S. 
z,,Ititt4T)r el •tt;Di &runt"; ,ilitt,N o• 9 Pscstsgt 
VeitheC,“nay 
4.0;)4P.C". 4ft :Son it-wliaalfr;.a!tindobt.:4 
antitOunny JI osonnc at any ot hitt gOctt 
IOC°. Ors* taAnzWo a:Ala:0May ". fes.Alen‘e lad be:wog a phut gear arSmll.x tafeD:Aki antad 
;A. wo-ine-a. 
(if flu a>5vidux mem alba catiatian. plEase AAUP "Rot .4.0e.cy4..1 
d. The following information for one individual with signitkent iesuonsitality for managing the regal entity aired above. 
such as: 
• An etecutiva akar or sensx 'imager (e.g„ Chief Executive Officer. Chief Financial Offkriii, Olief ()prating Officer. 
Managing Member. General Partner. President, ViC3 President, Treasurer); or 
• kw otner ir-ciividual who reguiariy parka /MI &itftir fiarfinie.m. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be luL>d in this secziun (ml 
of airip 
Leow Alciress 
Wcw-t E. Etaibet 
See_ Alocx
-Q..-
FtX V S.15 ,13!3 
Saw Seurtf
Natba 
PA, !k,$)A/.G. !Aar,' 
tfiCe kototrA I ke Oarf:Ata-ta 
to Gavial Set t oatt 
;Lx!-LLS Peri 
il3Cfdri!A 3 a S:x.cal Ser,lit;:•aarte. sr a OstaNn ic,arave 
£warty of itworos. ar. ARnWar0.1.4glar HM muri&e, O &arab.. 
rend country etit“inCL!oi oty °the, gtrionmant-ifcioaa nev.woart tattle:mg hat 
VolinfOr nob bendra a phamtkoll Jt ciatlint lalft:474 
vitatleO. 
(name of nature; person opening the account). hereby certify, to the beat of 
carap!ine and perfect 
-.gal Emay ;ae.iNfao tOpanoal: 
21.G.3 Oc/tact...Sod; AG. Au • lab reser-AO ar.:169EN.i L12081,1 OS IfGe) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077146 
SDNY_GM_00223330 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379554

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379555.pdf
----------------------------------------
H. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a :egei entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name anti Titie of N-Mlif01 Person Open41.3 Account: 
TeGGrt 
są-toe. , ene s (4).a.c&I$ 
b. Woleli' Legal Itity. Type of Leosi Entity. xxi Address ur Legai Entity fte Which the Acco. 
UM: ie Being Opened! 
L 
\.)% v 3., (skat 
olt1 C0...1 N .r..4 
G 
SOI 
Cc 
e r, 
Pa.?.(.catk-vo." 
05Q k 
. 
C
yr
fotod e.taa 1.1020,4. 
, a 3 s St •nkoła....t, LIŚ•Ji 
ex> 
o "Z, 
c. he follorKing informat?un for each individuei, it ani, who. directly or kxgractiy. through arty contrnl, wf-arrant 
undemanding. relationship or °then...Asa, owns 2 
oc
percent or me of the equity interests of the legal entity asted above: 
Ck;e 
Ln4 Aqtu.:c3 
For etc P.N.teet: 
P:)( 
z4u-uxu: 
SZ:titd Settaity 
*er kr...e.%ht I tr,..rte, Nitten 
Suaiollf 
to Sorki SWality MtUra:4f0 
For 
pry:et:I :led; jer ti a w.,,g:,G0r.,:,.0,4y r•juu:bsr cu 
7r.J.01.x7 
r..0:110.1.! 
tmcir,-;* 
INNI O11111
;)14.11 Crer4 
rigntim 
and tUrJltry 4.1 04101.0c. 0100v asw 40)..-eintiler.1-1534led 410Cutnee! 491.100!:k 9 t! 11.001111:? 0! retiden(te 
banns.) PIIDra3r.lyi Of wil.14.4:1.11.!gtAti/ tho:.4:1 
bir>914ed. 
pt nb ira...10400g n:i!pf Vitt 04.116k.06.. pleni!teil 0 rot stoctitialit i 
d. The. Paoli/Mg information for one individual 
signikant responsibility rot managing the legal entity fisted tibiae:. 
ench es: 
• An ii+fittiLive affiatr or senior manager (e.g., Chief eceratitive. Ofiker. opiaFinancial Officer, Chief Operating Offr:er, 
Managing Member. farmera' Partner, President. Vice Pondem. Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who r(if$darly DeffiCUTIII sinia& 
when:. 
(If appropriate. an inrVvidtra! listed tinder eection (c) above may ń5(3 be tinted in this aection (o)). 
111.11110 
te 
amot 
1. futa AtienS3 
; ret 1.1.a P.4145406 
trcrctteit% 
Nieb'? 
ret !try 
Peqc,. 
tSoe Entą met .1 twit!, orrtzt wet 
to Social SW:ult.. Num 0441 
Wc-4-rtei 
cr;ii,n 
/
4a I q-3  
„col 
le4a4t 14,,,j( p" r 
ol o _44 . 
a 
a 
• 
Est. 1-6.0,„0 i 
4, 6 %) 
000 
tea 
Opv;);11..), )t,t4)j;)31 I-) 5t-jrłli F:e).,;;)). )jtj,•;i7 ; 
11..; 
be, Veith C.10ntir? 
ETwAt.,:e. 
21.:(111rA,Mik.)0C-n 4-301ralne)F. 
ra.elber 
mus : 
Cr t≤. 
411).7.) of m: c.: t: u i:m...4 „muru nu:c: 
et:1210R., el f ess1 emot anO eeruv i pittogr. 
vows Lttop 
Snoutl 
I, 
P 
cli 
n y knowledge. that 
LI(* im; It Voiltitilf 
• 6/Cetn 
e Intr. m 
. prawe,
(name ol naueal person opening the account). hereby certify. to tie best of 
;_s etmplete and correct. 
2C+Itt Deutiche 3.)/e. AG. na repeto esotwo, ŁĄM1e6 -36 :12.Crili).C•S1418 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077147 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223331 
EFTA01379555

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379556.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pre 
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a Name and Title It Natural Person Conning Attomatt: 
‘ A-
-t 
e
b. Name, or Legal EntitY. 'TVOn Cif Le.2ai Entfrr. anti Ad-drttss 
Logal E.Mity to, Whitth the Account it? Being Opened: 
T E G E-, 
c.. 
‘be. I 0,..›are_ 
(ot Or-) lamb kAticA.c. 
a -tv-i 93 
t.3S+Jt tØaL 
1,ne fo”owing information for ea0h individual if any. who. direeey or .i.direiCtly through arrf c.oritract. arrangement 
urder5v.te•5.'O •,::it)t..;r, I lip or otherwise. owrot 25 percent or more of Ehe equity interests cti the legal entity 'kind ~lb: 
r r 5.:fins 
Fof 
Pdr-4,14i: 
: 1,?:ackirir 
.:umbef 
C>lt:(O ea& k4...105)..).trier, 93 
-‘zlick,1
/4 q10 1C3 
s ) °cut 00loa. 
"POI f%.‘.1).S.ttresim. rno-"thzin 
Nr.:41.zy "iurnbef C PI 
.'t.enbev'flithnOunn't 
;Xwara fit ego OlOnlifi;Eicgrcsardrzwnba..n. gizimtAt 
anO COUrit, of Binumticf !arr yin« tiov~nen!-Ntind dwurnent evid!firdr"; ittuo.naht, of f•ELIOOPOIOnd Dialing 1 olfixogript; 
olnOtir '311OW;Ifil 
ne 
kW. 
Of no rW4dual moet 
lo*Cr.. pkamniOp 'No! Appt:ultik!') 
:1. The following Information for one Individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity tisted 31.1t,e, 
i;tich 3B. 
• An (.3xiiC,ItiV5 officer or serCor manager (e.g., Chief Exr-utive Offictn. Chia! Financial Officer. Chie€ Operating Officer, 
Managing Memoir. Gener*! Partner, President Vita President, Treasurer): or 
• An.i other individue, who regularly f).rforms Smilar tuneitx:e 
al appropriate. an individual listed tender seettn (c) above may also be listed in this section cd». 
f.tte-4? 
, 
31!:h 
1err.14 
esa-
Poi LES. ;),X50".. 
NOO• USO F7f1. 
fonrnon, 
plOonvinoes 
%otnti.ft 
IQ $4c4.11Socuntk ',IunBbef: 
Vtr.sy: 
A'AdiQt": tt.: 
'SfX9Of 
bloi‘
f; 
O 
N:FOIXE ,tgb Comic/ sif `31,4ixO4, itsi SONO k ea.0~.Or
, c-wk: itIrobetanuret+ff 
am endow, of baffle» nf any new ‘metnineni-hitpx1OOCUrnen, 
ludic:audit," f......facnence 
ennienr.rar..)t bolds aaLlµ:kg ‘hoolif 
Noridet. 
.-----(nar a of neural person opening the account). hereby certify. to the best of 
Knowted 
ovidett ObOVe Ltriplets and cfri^,,ct. 
,Snnty t€11int4rf iQpncin+O 
t ft 
4,‘ 20ai EiN:t;,,,,,..nse.A. AO. Ad si.?ht,t f61,4n.0(1. WAli 466'6 41D61Ø 0.41319 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077149 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223333 
EFTA01379556

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379557.pdf
----------------------------------------
li. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
e. Name and Title of Natural Poison Opaning Account' 
TCPAG1  ‘..Qs{-eOA 1 
Sa t  (tk.‘_,...46 -4 V 
b r.,,sru a of t. cog 
nOty. Type 
E 
lot 
A.:COI:lilt is Behlg Opne. 
(.04.0.ecuAl 
610 O 
k.kock Oucork•er g 3 
Visa .-c..s 
L.1SQ 
ta$d1 
c. The fog owing inforMatiOn for each lc:dbl.:Ina,. if eiTy. WhO, rilrecdr or indirectly, through eny contact, rangement 
otwfltystdrto 
ot 
en:65e. (),,,n5 25 oei,:ent 'y more of the equity interest of the legal entity listed above: 
co, t.I.S.Permes 
kit tion.0 S Petwets 
SocIS -9Thlrir'21 
`kAlibet 
U SMAA Sh-OtICOVV»Pdfl 
I i) 0(s-3 
6100leaMicbeg 
t44rf63
S$. 
c )Lfsit WSW-
;:o: Mon-;33, 
ViOn %/It 
..•iirSti:uflit:•+.1:Dtre' V 40 1.1.2>P0it kiewe?..t.itn COW,ITY (If I 40004, an y4r4i- izLefoggIn4ncicid ..nte: a ryjet.,tt 
and -).:Dntrr. of issri4nr;# 41Vrt Othri gOVVAII1Wit.otiseel nil mat rrirdenting nationallw,wrewierreetird be oteg a plcrtotazah et smitu tafewall 
sl no iltbual meats chit oefineitr, ma se Mite '140t, At013bie., 
o The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for marleginQ the legal ernity listed above. 
Rrn es: 
• An executive officer or serther nranagerfeg , Chief Ftteee Off 
c
Offer Chief Financial Officer. Chief Operating Officer, 
Managing Member. General Pdrtflal, President. Vice President, Treasurari: or 
• Any Citttqf 
'rho regularly rxrfotras &miler functions. 
Cif appropriate. an individual listed under motion (c) above may also b listed in this section (d1). 
Diflt I/1 earn 
14-4s)0, ..sz 
Fn!U.. k'nfen 
rtor ticort.t.S. itrirattt 
54X1Ai 
f3fel 
4iVer•tves 
PAInlbe 
Scsnol Sterility N,serttit 
Fof 
ft.yrscrai. t *r... rrorr re 4 $a:-.
--or Switate kiirr?Ar ea a Pere w.., r.yar.eWgr. C:42:1710f '4C-ii.bna an xeierriitrotitir.b1h-e:4.7/t.dnbze. 
rtiRitbit:' 
and ;rout., 
n..”inze c.! zaw *thin Licniennert.isose:, dew/vent evidencing ontinmliwnr mfatittroe.ted be 10114 a illretycirapir or Jager salcgi.ercl Omni° 
Protij 
LOOM 5n7:n, 
(Cptinr )4/ 
of natural person opening the eccounti, hereby cooly, to the bast of 
‘cmplere and tweet. 
ti; 201S Mr:tic:NJ Sens ers, AC NM*. ittier4tti. WhIgoe;64 enstkostass 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077150 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223334 
EFTA01379557

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379558.pdf
----------------------------------------
nowledge 
Legg 
'teniter re9000ali 
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Nacre aid Title of Natural Person Opening Account.
Te 
c'e% tA 
Scic. kscu,L.C;st-e 
fcx Which the Account is Being Opened. 
T L) 
L—C_ 
(.100 VeL 
—t(
Awe:z 
A Cbo ci-tri 63 
S+ 
t••2s ul 
08 0.1.-
c. The foilowing information for each indreidual, if any, who. directly or indireotiy. 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, Owns 25 percent or more of the eoul 
through any r;ontract, a rnangarnent, 
N interests of the legal entity listed above: 
70i us n•rs•os.. 
t ,, %on.U.S, hamns: 
;FA.. hintrete 
glesregivrs. 
' S001Il .5.N:0000010W 
(0o ea t-l€otf au. ,  Ler 
T---&-TE-414-6Na 
ot 
• -(1",...as)usvi costa-
F', 000 131 rtrianti. ie. ;Water To Solaci Secontr Runty, 0; 0 Nowt; TToltref "Ate Cc:wt.? of h'10200r? an icon Contifprtior. cavil rtli/lbi,. 1, 
bin 
,rd axon!): of :stuancd at any deer livernrotreArneci itxtmiteil tetreftnclri; 0.10010110i a retiklance and Witting 0 Pl,', 00,00,1/400101ilv 1.4f41-4/ ‘ 040A,
Woo zr0Niciolowettl th4 ca.goat90. OtPatt ritl, ket 
11, The following informdtion for one individual with significant responsibility for n ',merino the legal entity listed above. 
such as: 
• An e.Xecutivo officer or senior manager fe,g., Chief Executive Officer. Chef Financial Officer, :Thlef Operating Offiter. 
Managing Member, General Partner, President, vice President, Treasurea or 
• Any Other old;VidUai kyho regularly performs similar functions. 
f If appropriate, an individual listed under section foi above may also be listed in this section ld)). 
%am-, 
rests:0.f 9id0 
1.5!•otV ASksrs. 
a
raiLY•An k PC3 
Sec jejjaa"
Fro US P,000,:i. 0. 
&gag Smirk/ 
Ffil 
Ni1SWKI: 
iStil 
rNi• x fr.0.00wratsvea 
to Social SX0 Gr100100t1 
Fla Ci00-0 S 0£1111e:1 e! ,111:21ii1.110 a Sector Spoarty...,0;c0O0r or s .1.3110X)0 kuirlX4*tillt.ourt.) of ?LT,/ 
tan§ ountee. 0:00.00.00t 
n0c, -,40:0;rf nr .3.0:".0 a oni ntht, gerof 
elocumol,t r.r.for<004; issuraliry e. tosidom..0 600 Ite%0110 a 1.1hOttir .101, :or 
tar iejar4 
1>117-1100*15 
(name of natural person opening the accounti, hereby certify. to the best of 
Ja,..-41ed-etti5rs co Iplate and correct 
LpIchr 
.Ni itsthe earl- AG. Al ogr0s teaento. 
0M:9.051_1M 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077151 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223335 
EFTA01379558

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379559.pdf
----------------------------------------
IL Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide ti's following information: 
a. i4ameand Title of Natural Person Opening Account: 
7e.P4C1 
‘-es'irett"
)  
greS 
h. Name of €eca! Entity, 
of _ega€ Entity, and Address of Lena! Emitv ror wi!;;; 
Acc 
len ov4 7L,c, . I us1/4)% corpora-i-np., 
(at 00 X11 ‘60,44 oat, wvi
SAT tkous.c.c, 
°Qv% °otos__ 
Tito fO)uring informed:in for each e'tdittitiai, if any, who, dlrectfir or indirectly. through ny contract, arrangommil. 
unCierStendir.2. •••11,• . :;•1:hip or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interest,' of the legal entity listed above: 
Oper:sc. 
nut • 
"••7. 
For US. Pile ;:S'
Scottat fieturt'y 
Number 
tow Nam-ti !>erwLt 
rate tr. triett 
tillareutivl• 
to Spool titcuritt Numtoel 
Lioc 
ttsCatatAtri  83 
71Tntol'e 
/pet  53
S
at - itgatica Si (ZVI 
ito OVO 
Foi NurNitti Nola:a '.13Cdli0ri 
A.X.;01Stettlit.: '4uintta W oPttisobt tiombe *no Cr:poolOf EtVaN7.1. 
FYI 4tutibrMiun card onto. rwirdwr 
WC:Won:pi Or if‘htsnct :A Ow otter enwrairiont4aspeeneszainarceacier.dna national of no's tante )sa bearing e photograph et stultit fliteguthd itumid 
tat r Taloa 
pl a, outtnittuattlleift VW: defilUtin. gamte fratt't '140t 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legai entity listed atcwe. 
such as: 
• AN executfve officer or senior manager te4., Chic! Executive (3fficer. Chief Finenr.ial Officer, Chief Operating Rater, 
Managino Member, General Partner. President, Vice President, Treesurerk ur 
• Any 
INtiVelttSi 'Irk) fetviarly tvittyrns Sinsiar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also tat listed in this section (d)). 
flare 
TeCcii  
Efc+e, 
• 
For N e.:).J. Nottaut at...tirto it; h 
rsi StICalit? NittILMf tV J PAS! tituniatut.iiN Coot:tact tuttartto 
Aon Le-totatntIns wind tounGa.ta tartar 
and toot& ott ismmore of 3,Ic mho ottretomontookato slap:tour: mat:trying pottwalitv iv repel:ma 'it'd inratmg a photatanab or:imam tatomata ur.o.rld 
be tacottletl. 
a'ait, of aw:r! 
t..,crgAocritst: 
ti s--3 
tal,„ 
Foe t).S. trains. ;tut atom U.S. Po
. rstur 
-5,041M &t ram'', 
Sale funbette 2 fru riporttNm-
Number 
toScasoal ranuta, •••ain,bN) 
ifrk 
_No(an 
natural person opening th • account), hereby Certilla to the bast of 
knowetigelthat the 
lorra hove s3 cc•Tlete and enema. 
Saglatote 
Lego in$iy tcluntitaw(OptinaC 
2018 OmitElbe earn 
I biler.la). ink:IWO) Ofete.eatase 
alas Jag 
Dore 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077152 
SDNY GM_00223336 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379559

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379560.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on beha€f of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Hanle and Tide of Naturro Pelson Opening Account: 
Z-eQR-.N 
(7.c4,et,...)
b. Nhh35 of Legal Entity. Type of Legal Entity. 
Address of Legal rfintity f
it,Nifech trta Arzucint 
€3:4;(1.3 .05y44.0d: 
S.1o_ lIt~4w4tti—
tJc,P
.kn •A+e~G-LC..) 
C.Nezt 
osb 
C .1•7 
‘ 
unk:14/..
COI 4n0 
ieeC9 
keZIOkai
Vt
i2br i 63 
LDS t 042,13 (.7-i. 
f;,.,, 
`:.,y ;rijorniat;)r, 
;-(); .?.3Ch 
glr;V. 
drretiti'i OF inekectly. through ;sny contrT:t arrangement 
understanoing, relhf:onh:p Or Other:NIS% owns 25 percent ni mole of the agility interest; of tne legal entity listed above: 
!ILI!' 
!V:.JI:4 ^•••.[,13 
'Ur-a C wean (1›:)(s--3 
co ea 415.2V (2k,..A-cri q3 
usvc (>08 u 
‘z;r tlå heisona: 
F. umber 
Fix rem.4.1.:s (An3y..e
r9freinotr4.3311. ic, .1*ern3t1,:te 
to Scelai Sechnh Svniterj 
- Aar :•;c,3•11:3.5yraent. 
soeeticyn 3,3 Owed Ser.krrity `,hinter ol n Nar..xet evn.e.a.ileiir.:cuicce Of •mwarcrs rei oars, kyint —rtim :74;‘% ,",•;n;b0. 
1-galgir 
,tred ANoit y 
iiT.Wmtli M ner tenor aineron3.3.hsenclOcrewhent rnelryd:inD roponality ur reednnta an'sbaffling a phoh.grapri rx samtev 33/3eirahl 33 halt' 
er.yridr . 
ne 
nines ibis definhxg!. ga.å9Iltsriie ";e!:3?;3,table 
O. The following information hir one Ihri1ViCP31 with significant responsibility tor managing the legal entity listed above, 
such aa: 
• An re33COtiVT3 officer or :rainier manager 
Chief Executive Officer. Chief Financial Officer. Chief Operating Officer, 
Managing Member, General Partner, President Vice: President. Treasurer): or 
• Any Other iwiividual who re,guiarly perfmina Sitreit: ihettiCK,S. 
(If appropriate, an intfividual fisted uncle' section (c) above may atsn be listed in rhia section (d)). 
t33,r3, 
3.-St-tet 6f‘k„, 
FOr >144,4331. keor,r3t... rg.irkt 
>:vatre.., 
NPtii•Writ 
i3vard>3. 
,,3r, car, rsobs 
MbeirettnIre et WW/1111» Of nay Ottlid gown, men Haan CIDC3i(heel tirlerll}rgnknonalhk el tether c.e ant: n 
t; p I pree.33,3re nå yrntlarinfitoren thceln 
Dift,PC.f  
; f(y"jitdOtta:1 
‘1).) 
A1.0 
Ptrhue: 
Rurote.:<
IU 
I.S9efnitl~.{fm 
MietThr!:V..N. 
tincial SL:Ul 
NU!~ 
£4 
ily• 
'1edge. tftt the in 
44e03,Sie 
ktenteinr re.5.,, tang) 
(name of natural person opening toa account), hereby cattify, tO th,,,trest of 
emplate rand Ø) rett. 
O a0ta OeuZerie %et AO. All fleets reternre. WM199866 O.??al Oil:51019 
CONFIDENTIAL  - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077153 
SDNY_GM_00223337 
EFTA01379560

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379561.pdf
----------------------------------------
Email Enron eitnlifie iOrnOrali 
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name UM Title of Nato! ai Pei son Opening Accou,lt 
StA,e- kktie J.tv 
b. Name cf Legal Ernity. Type of Legal Entav, and Addiess of Lega: fiN;ty *ex What the Accorag. is &Jug Opened: 
KS C. 
LA-L. 
lc.tt-tA (colt, t. 41
k OO 'act? Pac;olz. 0.)., 
a2 
LaSV1 °et 
c. The foikmeing infexmation for each inds4dual, if any, MK:. directly or indirectly, thro;x3n any contract 3rrangement. 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity fisted above: 
Dr." 
5iCt!, 
A;L:, f70. 
(/'~4c-.7 
6( O0 euk WoolCCliseitiA3 
S"(. `is 
casvi ocsoi 
, or S Potnez 
7,1 Noe....14$ amront; 
Sitae SW:n."0: 
iSaseveter -%
rAl Sock, Seoutin- 71Jrntitt: 
l 40 4 
Crect4)en..noOdot tl to a' 
ni 4 
tioubri with coorr, at ojamit. An Oho bertnibzunCld, Mid DtattAit 
:1,1Mbt: 
iNACOUitire or imurrirJo of 3m, (Kew go.weir•ev.mstu-xf &tuner, eviomainq nanorohtv or Ieldttenrd ono S'aretga 04Nagi KS! .31 
:Rd 
JiSltila 
pic.e-ht 
ill no irkir.flautt rtitre this anisuntiti. Ottiot.ver!to 
tketottr4rbil.1 
0. The following Information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal 4ntIty listed above, 
such as: 
• An executiw, officer or sencr manager kg.. Chief Exc-anive Officer. Chief Financial Officer. Chief Operadng °freer. 
Managing Member, General Partner. President. Vice President. Treasurer); or 
• Any other 'individual who regularly performs sktilar functions 
(If appropriate, an individual listed Under SW1O1% (ra abuve may also be listed in this station 
:)Jo cif birth 
t4,O Atte. es: 
U-SCuel  E. Etch., 
S.,. 
i44::tr3 y 32—
kw v S. Airsone: 
rn. 
5:s.:al 
l.SER kotrM II iCe 
Joit* , 
r.* VC'S St'Veit, %.tintAtil 
;tor NunALS, PdrAwn. 
arAidion to xi art"-A Se iv Piairibtr 
l'aSspnet 
eraiti,txtenry of inntonw. tip ti2r4:erdzooaber 
paimber tt nure,xx 
cocintr; of isitheer* i)f err; trAvs 
of4J&CIAIIIPri twideitt:ttig ntionnttlitn or itirEttiltlitirtlfflarbtri • 00004 4041 e4 IMMO altSu d avoid 
frey.a.W. 
(name of natotal person opening the account), hereby certify. to toe heat of 
:omplete and correct. 
etc 
ir 
0„, 
2918 Cautache ;tank 
mi ocintvtesenes WMIK:666 O631)051Sla 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077154 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223338 
EFTA01379561

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379562.pdf
----------------------------------------
IL Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the followng information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Peron Opening Account: 
Te.fg.,...r
etj. 
for Wrdch 
Agy.,ount is 8t3a.2 or.,_tmed, 
AL, 
Coto° Iga 4 go oV.Qty 
eg 
s.k• 
j  US° 
c. Tivt.rt foilowin4) ;El kin r1".0.;0ri IC.) each individual. if any, who, directie ot indirectly. t rough any contact, aortnoent t. 
understanding, toiattonshli) ot otherHttse owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above; 
tuns? 
..,:Q1AZ!ClietS 
ag,t 
+ lc
 vs  
GA OO 4it a,c,se 
ås 
isk-11-4.sil.Sit OO U.51., 
gor 
:. For itor•US. 
'e‘:A 
!Soo ioctioant I. ite olennthoo 
':vinnat 
StiOta 
' For !too. 
Pet1Orn. 
t'u 
iihooko 
)5;i:noott. ohooto) v.i))! Cc. ;Jr 
ct 
JMIC 
ketrnkiWe CM, Nallb" ionnotii 
eCtirlfy 
Ism/ante of arc) 
).or gou•Inmenoitotion ik.oltoeri eFideiloin? inns:mow/a, nnol000ti•oo booing rdoxennipt ot Sdnilar oisfa-votr3 bagel 
LICAndiel 
al r!).ndmatol n•biln, got atlirlitt)n. 1:1•11:13Kera 
d. The following information for one indiViduat with significant rasponsibili for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
• An eve—tvtiye officer or senar manager (e.g., Cn;et Evectoitre Weer, Chief Financier. Officer. Chief Operating Officer. 
Managing Member. General Partnet. President, Vice Presicit
. Treasurer): or 
ri Any other extividual who regularly pet-kepis smiler fun :tiara 
(If appropliate. an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d». 
: Nave 
thfsh.».‘ 
b.))* oi &In 
UF•pl 
\bo t g3 
-4O—ce_ 
Fo) 
Pornno: 
g3t NOr • US. ,,eaLtst 
Z,Ond &Viz 
'.'aei0Otoo,it st4 3")Orookre..) 
`tonne.) 
SeUbtV `2Jenba, 
• r0: 
P^. tr,OF. 
sifea'iori tot, SOCMI St1/4:311V1/4 1~ rig d paas,„-mt) %robe wit?: Cociony 
moo 
, . mor 
"or:3),mi 
qntl noion't of hunoot of or:taint; ivrtionmooati,:rn Otou.inont 
omit:oak,' tst IFS<det*C".C411,, Jfing A PN"Mtilat.', 
nitiCSFi'd 
he otairit 
Lego; &tort iiicorityr (Opoonot) 
rat person opening the account). neteby ()Citify. )3 rile bast or 
e and correct. 
n201,3 Citie.olie Flunk AO. Ao eigi+t:• Pentet). W)A 1.91,P3Cre: )2‘3315.OStata 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077155 
SDNY_GM_00223339 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379562

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379563.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on Oohed of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Nature; Person Opening ACCOurit: 
el 
.3"-Cg:cle 
E. 
‘-filS4lt NV.7% ) 
 e artea&ogt.,,r—
b. l'43ine Or l.." ild Enthy. .ri.n, Ol i.aga: Entity, and Qtiii:;ss ,-ii i 9,..;ai Entity fes Wnich lt  9 ketiticit iS Being Opened.
Su() Way*" 
-‘4,..^1^C.•«.( ) LL -C. ) l3SVk  kb‘stAL1-a 
tt 
e 
(Cabe R
i Cackputetti l 
a 
tåtab<GI0CLVIC.ein 433 
Sk
`\o
 %,~. 
S\3‘ 
(-)%O1 
(-. TN- 
:On 
21t 
ineny or irSectly, wire,u9h any cembact .  arrangement .
,.inCeraZar.(W19, relationship x ”theriMse. owns 25 ourtent or rtinise of the «why interests of the legal entity listed above• 
Ers U.S. 
!:et base...VS. Peiwn: 
s.rnisesurity 
tsae ton:~ fry. tie:Tisives 
N.intesee 
&Wm Swimire >ion Awn 
Q,Loo e,...41/4JootL
eri
i tSlt ctn. 
' F.& Nan •tl S. l'ictrniat. 
:0 a 51441 St:Wily ^lumber or a P&I.&7&t 
*CI', COO:M.:of inaittICIL 
idaCtrfitte.0/1.•&d rxinnw. >r nYINiY 
and ~M.& 
41+...&& iff.rwo'lwOOistifilWrittinkistin ~en; ~wig ntiitar.iiiity Dr in:Vinyl!, Orin aEJriny hl>th, thn, hPh ^r hhhihn ShEeSt-hhi 
ni-ivinociz.i. 
%If na ii
vievai net. n :no Ckitiiiii<Ift. D5C&S.rer.10 1 01 
cl. The following information kit one indrvidual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
• An exwarthre officer or senior manager lag, Chief Executive Officer, Chlei Financial Officer, C.,l'Unt Operatint; (3ff:car, 
Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurerr or 
• Any otter individual who regularly perfoins siin ar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed untie? section (c) above may also be listed in this section 
"Zit 
Cekk 
0.1&å With 
Leg 
%-\:cio•-) 
&& 11 <F0rsØ41: 
t&Stre,l. 
PX 
ri
k!! etna et, 
: 
rt& 
•
Sz-z--tl Smithy Not or t P-estowt ',Wane 
Clo..,Wiy !swine°. 
,.:VC rant's? 
fa:fib& 
.1..1 i 0dn'ry0 ~in..., of &Pr 011W inef:inn 
J.1Clunglit ayieeneire 
min Diann; e ~cueing, M &Mel& llaf&pled ifb0.4d 
Ot 
iett 
knowledge, Ilvit 
&tans:nit 
!..I.:).41Cigits. ~miner 
icii
fer ± 
's complete am:l COnfit . 
(name of natural peril.On opening t le account), neveby
 certify, to the bast of 
2018 Dams:lie Nitril: AO. AO di)lits rineri.,,d. ?Ali %WC 070619 0.518.1S 
co 1 5-1 t$ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077156 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223340 
EFTA01379563

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379564.pdf
----------------------------------------
il. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on belle of a legal ently must provide the following informaton: 
a. Name and 'nie e Nature! Person Openin9 Account: 
j;:er
t.- 
s i t
 an 1. Sz-.)14.- 
(1‘4.4e 
b. Nenc oi la! 
i y:Je of Legei Entfrt. anti Aratfress of Legai Entity fer Vt.fhicil tne At-et:tint 
Beiml C! 
rife 
ete 
1,_ 
e wt-e
L.c. 
()SUI t eem. Jr•gà te a.b. kr 
Wei 
(o 100 
età 
14.O-tz 
.C\ 
ktA.. s 
US v 1 
CIO an_ 
c. The foloy..fing inforMatiOn ri," 83e ;riffretduai. ti 4ny vet10. direc th. or inereetly. th: vogh amy coritr
t, arrangerai-nt 
understand!ng, t 2!ationship or OthetwetS, StanlY; 2S c[.;reent or more of the &luit,' interests of the legal entity listed abc-e: 
one 
:`tto ,,,1,::  .
é...y.e,n 
t OO Otà giock 61.-41  63 
SI. çt.eui tuaSj
-> 
Oc Ut 
‘0). 
Fe U.S. Pesa--u: 
e9t letr•rJ.S. reneet: 
`Lieue Steuree 
',Set feotrate tor 
SurnOrs 
io :;oeial Seeramar %rertboi) 
`' 'ar Ntri .U.Se térrsont 
areszfea..*.? Soerte Securiry neAleet 
PiljeeCit ::.triro., 
Couette( Of ;Marica an 'den eSt ne:ratera coolmente. at 
ceste 
3net ce,tintrIr of iestiscet ef srw orna' geverrubeni•inueretcloeUn.ant uereer,en tu:entrent or ernicattot and e earing splottogresti nr tends etinesol lorual 
Se Lier:tarte 
Of PO oniridu.- ffietat iliseart, cm. peine tek 1,:ceritoreftatkt "*: 
cl. Tho follavving information lor one individuel tue signiffoant responsitility lor menging Nie lega!entity listed M'ove, 
ste.:h as: 
• el.ri eicacutivs of boer a senior rnanager (e.g.. Chie! E%ecutive Office, Chief Financial Officer. Ch;ef Operating fiff ner. 
Maraging fviembee, Genets! Patiner. President. Vice President. Treasurer): or 
• AOY Ør irrivkhrni wild regtilafiy cartonne endar functiera. 
(If apprupriate an !ntfividual listed urecte,r section (c) abeve mai; a!so be tisted in thie section (d)). 
?.411`à! 
Deb?co• Shch 
Couà Martin 
7;4 -ei "
esb`' 
cSPe_ 
14) ot_.) 
Sosaelt .! t'Or Ne. US. C'eteaot 
zarst eiresPar 
(Zoo tapine.. I fa alsrerstotes' 
r‘utotkv 
Seraff Stlottte %motel 
w.,....i.r.Lieene.m.i.,;»,elee
 a tieee:4„ eer‘e,p, e.iweber 
t  feenere Niinne; * or Crutaitec edinet-^2. 'men, exparr.-)ik.it raie 
retsecer 
ans redorer of a:nuance st any collet israerrtnera-aurtes tiocurnerri 
earenality a tert retrert and teariors a phorogresh e etadari.w.ealma shauei 
ba preaSec. 
4•41n 
naine of naturel percion opening the ae.count), hareby 
to the eest of 
ni? 
info 
Mine" 
is Gootplere and cryreet. 
LegalEnlee «!notlem (Cimetina) 
201..a Seutaahe Bank Ø. All et•ilflt roter ore ,h'all9SESS Sr/S(0Ø.051518 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077157 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223341 
EFTA01379564

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379565.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
7/24/2018 1:38:28 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180724 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/23/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,836,152.02 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
558,978.49 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
249,025.81 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
420,762.47 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
854,106.48 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
376,315.00 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
263,152.63 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
347,374.83 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
293,228.13 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
166,067.32 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
178,937.03 
NES, LLC 
343,264.15 
)SC INTERIORS LLC 
117,037.42 
LS)E, LLC 
D 
501,905.54 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
126,087.60 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
220,668.81 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC (HOUSE ACCOUNT) D 
988.83-
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
436,628.19 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
2,057,509.86 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
734,175.44 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
323,432.14 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,145.51 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
40,521,596.75 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
533,630.09 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
102,761.56 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,828,571.41 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
279,684.18 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
5,350,024.20 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
278,156.34 
TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,745,824.29 
SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
1,482,028.29 
CRW 2009 LLC 
D 
253,324.68 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
253,334.05 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/23/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
D 
1,131,271.49 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,506,904.15 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,166.01 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,166.01 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077161 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223345 
EFTA01379565

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379566.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: 
7/30/2018 6:50:08 AM 
To: 
Bradley Gill in ( 
Stewart Oldfield I 
CC: 
Mayur Rathod 
Subject: 
2018 Periodic Review of High Risked Accounts J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc (GCIS*1486427) & Hyperion 
Air, LLC (GCIS848722S) 
Attachments: J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc Checklist 2018.xlsx; Hyperion Air, LLC Checklist 2018.xlsx 
Importance: 
High 
Hello Brad/Stewart, 
This review relates to above high risked three accounts due for remediation 08/31/2018.
Upon review of the dots available in the repositories, I have completed the attached checklist, main RP's also listed 
below for reference — 
Acct Holder -1. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
President & Authorized Signatory — Jeffrey Epstein 
Vice President & Authorized Signatory — Darren K. Indyke 
Treasurer, Secretary & Authorized Signatory — Erika Kellerhals 
Kindly advise if the above RP's are correct? Also advise if any material changes to this account? 
During review, I noticed the IRS letter which confirmed that this is a 501(c ) (3) entity but I am unable to obtain 'SoS' 
from the IRS website. This could mean that this entity is no longer tax exempt. Could you advise on this, please? 
Regarding the CDD form, I am awaiting AML confirmation whether Jeffrey Epstein's address in section c, is acceptable? 
Will get back to you as soon as response is received from Morgan. 
Acct Holder - Hyperion Air, LLC 
Sole Member —Jeffrey Epstein 
Authorized Signatories — Harry Beller & Darren Indyke 
Kindly advise if the above RP's are correct and whether there are any material changes to this account? 
Kindly assist in procuring SoS from the US Virgin islands government registry, please? Note, we already have the COE 
(Certificate of Existence) for this entity. The SoS is required so we can evidence that this entity is STILL registered with 
the authorities and is active. 
Regarding the CDD form, I am awaiting AML confirmation whether Jeffrey Epstein's address in section c, is acceptable? 
Will get back to you as soon as response is received from Morgan. 
I will launch KYC upon your confirmation of material changes. Note above accounts will be KYC'd on ONE kyc case, 
thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077163 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223347 
EFTA01379566

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379567.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
81, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbal - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile + 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077164 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223348 
EFTA01379567

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379568.pdf
----------------------------------------
I have a query related to address fields on FinCen COD form. 
1. 
For main Entity - if the address on the form differs from the one on the KYC. If FO checks with the client that the 
one on the form is the mailing address. Can we add case comments and proceed to submit the KYC. 
2. 
Similarly for the UBO or person in Control — if the address differs and happens to be an alternate address or 
mailing address. Can we add case comments after confirming with FO. 
Please advise. 
Thank you. 
Kind regards, 
111 
Vinita Advani 
KYC Case Representative Manager 
Deutsche CM Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077171 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223355 
EFTA01379568

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379569.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20180814 
8/14/2018 2:28:48 AM 
RM CODE 
82289 
08/13/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
35269691 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,972,225.63 
35270625 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
35271687 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
35271695 CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
35271716 SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
40820206 THE JOCKEY CLUB 
6,361.89-
40821970 THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
260,779.98 
42811776 THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
392,064.92 
42909431 EQUIBASE COMPANY 
1,450,283.50 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
376,315.00 
42953424 NEPTUNE, LLC 
226,911.56 
42953467 PLAN D, LLC 
326,685.34 
42953475 lEGE, LLC 
285,583.43 
42953715 FMK ASSOCIATES, INC 
155,550.76 
42953758 NES, LLC 
291,653.37 
42957978 )SC INTERIORS LLC 
111,937.67 
42959295 LSJE, LLC 
460,278.93 
42959324 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,075,025.07 
42963550 BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
197,921.57 
42966807 ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
178,435.16 
42967121 PRYTANEE, LLC 
197,882.14 
42967287 THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
42967447 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
42967703 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
42970443 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
42970451 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
42970478 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
42970486 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
42970494 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
42970507 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
42970646 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
42970670 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
42970689 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
42970718 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
44107301 AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
334,744.48 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
558,833.88 
44130552 BUTTERFLY TRUST 
704,736.63 
44133251 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
323,679.36 
44138714 DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC -
268,350.48 
44138941 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
77000949 THE HAZE TRUST 
40,583,100.79 
77000957 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
534,440.04 
77000965 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
102,917.53 
77001001 55w 2007 LLC 
1,830,158.90 
77001028 KWF 2007 LLC 
280,134.81 
77001079 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,359,111.91 
77001087 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
278,604.37 
77001175 TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
1,748,474.12 
77001183 SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
1,484,277.72 
77001220 CRW 2009 LLC 
253,754.99 
77001239 GEW 2009 LLC 
253,764.37 
77001247 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
1,132,988.54 
RM CODE 
82289 
08/13/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
77004659 THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
13,527,405.05 
77004923 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,393.93 
77004931 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
150,393.93 
77004958 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
77004966 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
D 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077172 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223356 
EFTA01379569

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379570.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
D 
150,393.93 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
150,393.93 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,390,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
10,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
25,170,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
250,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
2S0,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
302,105.76 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR C 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
500,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
08/13/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
2,500,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
200,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077173 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223357 
EFTA01379570

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379571.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
SeM: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Importance: 
Bradley Gill 
8/15/2018 11:42:17 AM 
Vijay-A Sawant
Stewart Oldfiel  
Southern Financial/Epstein KYC Remediation II) 
Updated FinCEN with SSN.pdf 
High 
Classification: For Internal use tidy 
Vijay, 
I hope you enjoyed your Independence Day. 
Please confirm below - Once confirmed, I will reach out to Epstein's office with one email. Thank you. 
We require Certificate of Good Standings (dated within 6 months) for: 
• 
Southern Financial. LLC 
• 
Southern Trust Company. Inc 
• 
LSJE. LLC 
Neptune. LLC 
Mon, Inc 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
Zorro Management. LLC 
NES. LLC 
JEGE, Inc 
JEGE, LLC 
Plan D. LLC 
Jcepers, Inc 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation. Inc 
Gratitude America Ltd 
Please confirm that you do not need COGS/SoS for the three tnist belon 
• 
Butterfly Trust 
• 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
• 
The Haze Trust 
All executed and verified FinCEN forms are attached. With regards to the J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc - the executed 
FinCEN form shows this as a 501q3) tax exempt entity. Will this alone resolve your tax exempt inquiry or do you need a new 
501c (3) form? 
Finally. please confirm that we have all FinCEN forms except for Gratitude America Ltd. 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223358 
DB-SDNY-0077174 
EFTA01379571

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379572.pdf
----------------------------------------
togsi Entay Identifier (0pieanai) 
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, SOLE MEMBER 
b. Name of Legal Entity. Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
HYPERION AIR, LLC, A USVI LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectiy, through any cantfa Gt. arrangement, 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
I
i 
i Data of Birth 
! Legal Andress 
I
--I—
' 6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
1/20/53 
ST. THOMAS. USVI 00802 
Fort-LS. Pei cans*. I For No.'s-U.S. N!!sons 
Secuillr 
I (See icetnate 1 for aiming:vas' 
)Junto, 
to So:tat Sstarny Huntall 
I 
' For Non-U.S. Persons, in Meinon toa Social Seaway Numbs.; el- a Passport ttantgln uran Country of ~nee, an alien ideninicatioa cord larnbe. er number 
anci counts, of issuance of any othe, govetnenent•issued document evidenca t nationaEly or lesideme ana basc;nii 3 prigitaflog, Cr sintaxtafeguatc skuls 
• onnv»ec. 
tit isa ante:ids:al meats Vsis ditinatOn. please write 'Nat App:icabie."; 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer. Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer. 
Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
i
Name 
I Date of Binh 
i Legal Address 
I 
I For U.S. Persons: 
Seas:thy 
' Ntunber 
For Non-US. ()noes: 
rn
a Soctal;Sc
Plitutlai°;Nan
wri.tbneri 
i i JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN I SEE 
i 
i ABOVE 
I 
•
For NOn-U.S. Persons. in addition toa Social 3/away Number of a Passport Ntrntkenvitn Countryof Ifstiaggse. on anen kientiftcation data nuntes. or NMI»: 
end ~try of issuance of any nth°, govannistnt•issueo docifirknt 
otaitc.ality o reaaance ane ~Ong 3 PnOIJOgatgg or Ognnigir saiesua,Ci sncu 
pa otavalco. 
J 
FREY E. EPSTEIN 
I
gl• knowledge, that t e information p
complete and correct. 
natural person opening thseigancactouurentv). ehrei rreby verify to the best of 
7124/18 
Dew 
StpMfdilet, 
0"
-C1 
••_ 
Name( 
Title: 
Ogle: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077177 
SDNY_GM_00223361 
EFTA01379572

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379573.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account: 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, PRESIDENT 
b. Name of Legal Entity. Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
I J. EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS FOUNDATION, INC., A 501(cX3) PRIVATE FOUNDATION/USVI CORPORATION 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, 83 
St THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, 
understanding. relationship or otherwise. owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
i  Name 
I Date of Savo 
Legal Address 
For U.S. PeffalS4 
soda Security 
I Number 
So: NemiU.S. Persons: 
(See lootnots 1 for alternatives/ 
to Sotineneity Nuirteri 
I 
----- 4
I
I NOT APPLICABLE 
I 
I 
I 
• 
Nort.u.S. Persona. in addition to a Sued Sorority Number ore Pauper, t Plumper witn Country of &sun* an alien identification care number. Of Nano& 
and country of nuance of °mon ier tiouornmunt4ccied document recimutuv thiarnaUty or losidence and tearing a nhnC0 DenPn or elfrlar eatetnelt lhaub 
be provided. 
(11 n3 indent/eat meets this Lictinnlon. alcase mite 'Not r1/40PkteUe.-) 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above. 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g.. Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, 
Managing Member, General Partner, President. Vice President Treasurer): or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate. an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (Cl)). 
r Name 
Date of Bete 
I Legg Address 
Fot U.S. Persons: I For Non-U.S. %%nom 
Social Security 
(Sea footnote a ref ileoUnafiViSI 
letauDer 
' to Serial SeCufey r1Unite* 
i 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN I 
St THOMAS, USVI 00802 
• rer Non-VS. Parson, in ftrWatien to a SoC33iSectulef Menthe: W a Pessozrt Monte: with Country of IssoanCe. en alien idontilication card nunfar. Of nunibef 
and country of is
 of any otne: govolnment-issuen document evicsistring nationality et residence and mowing a ohotovaon M ' ,mar salegoard sNaoid 
be Drauefen. 
FREY E. EP TEIN 
y knowledge, that tie info 
Legal Entky Identifier (0fltroneD 
srpifrut Oat 
me of natural person opening the account h reb 
ri 
' 
I 
is complete and correct. 
Sig 
Date 
7124118 
Da
Natre:__2AyAa:
i. 
Title 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077178 
SDNY_GM_00223362 
EFTA01379573

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379574.pdf
----------------------------------------
tent Enift Identifier tOpixino. 
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account: 
(JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, PRESIDENT 
b. Name of Legal Entity. Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
JEEPERS, INC., A USVI CORPORATION 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
St THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity Interests of the legal entity listed above: 
Date of Beth 
Legal Address 
For U.S. Persons: 
For Nort.U.S. Parsons: 
Secret Slcuray 
(See (OotriON for alternatives/ 
Number 
re Social Security Number) 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
1/20153 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
I 
• 
'
ST THOMAS, USVI 00802 
For Non-U.S Persons. et audition to a Social Security Number or a Passport Number ‘bitn Country of ;source. an alien identification card Tweeter, or numbed 
arc country of osuatioe of toy other government-issued clowment evicieleing rtatimarity or resecence and boartc a Photograph Or sinaat saki/raw() VlOokl 
be prOlteed. 
(If no inclnioual moots tbis definition. please ‘wile Not Appliee ran 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g.. Chief Executive Officer. Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer. 
Managing Member, General Partner. President, Vice President. Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (a)). 
Name 
Gate OT Sinn 
I Lego( Address 
- 1 ABOVE 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN j SEE 
For U.S. Persona: 
For Non-US. Parsons: 
Social Seamy/ 
(See femme I for alternatives 
I Number 
to Seel( Seamy Number) 
• Fr Non-US. Persons. in addition to a Social Security Number or a Panp,xt Number WWI Country of Issuance. an arca letntrfcanco card :simper. or rambe 
and country of Issuance of any other goyarnnvel-isaurtd document evrclanc;no nationality ce resdence and bearing a obeli:oh uh ce 'knee, saregvare thou' 
be ;tasked. 
(name of natural person opening the account), hereby certify to the best of 
ded above is complete and correct. 
51,044c Cpc 
Signature Verific 
r 
Name (Print
oN. 
Title: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077179 
SDNY_GM_00 223363 
EFTA01379574

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379575.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account: 
IJEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, PRESIDENT 
b. Name of Legal Entity, Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
JEGE, INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
St THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract. arrangement 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
Mae 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
Date of Beth 
Leal Addams 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, 83 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
For US.Pirsons: 
IF Fe Nve•UPJ.Pag 
sons: 
SoveI Srztlivi 
(Soo footnote 3. lot alternatives! 
Number 
n to Social Setway Number)
Fat Non-U.S. Persons. m addition to a Socol Semany thenber or. Passport Number with Country of Issuance. en alien ceonneatiOn we bombe,. 0, number, 
ant Couture 0' ilnane•of any other goveurneni-issued doti.onemevitArneingnahoneew or esidenot and Waring a ohotnara pa or simkar tasked should 
be provided. 
(If no incividual meets this definition. 01.13$0 veito "Not Appoco*10.1 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as; 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g.. Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer. Chief Operating Officer. 
Managing Member. General Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
Name 
041e of Birth 
I Legal Address 
I
For U.S. Persons: 
For teon.U.S. Persons: 
Social Securely
Number 
I (See fdo:ootc for alternatives! 
i _toScciat Security Number) 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN SEE 
I ABOVE 
Re Non-U.S. Persons, in addition too Social Security Novae: or a Passport Number with Country of Issuance. en aben iOtrUification Caro Nancy. or nuerbe 
sue country of UptuanCe 01 any other ocvueirrent-issued document eadencl a nanoeli!vot res;stoce ant beacino a ahotorir aph or seei,or Ogegua•O Monks 
bo provided. 
I JEFF 
my k 
SiUn3t re 
Date 
(name of natural person opening the 
emorovidecfeb0ve • complete and correct. 
Sig 
Legal Entity Identifier (Optional) 
7124118 
craw Cad 
Date: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-OO7718O 
SDNY GM_OO223364 
EFTA01379575

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379576.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial Ownef(S) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening AccounC 
1JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, SOLE MEMBER 
b. Name of Legal Entity, Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
JEGE, LLC, A USVI LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
• 6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
Name 
Date of Binh 
I Legalaldose 
For U.S. Parsons: 
Social Security 
NUMbe 
For lion-U.SP*MooS: 
(See footnote 1!or oternativell 
to SOCiIII Senrry Number) 
I 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
•
' For Non.U.S. Petsorc In arrIcitOOn Ku a Social Security Horner ore Possport Numb& min Country of /Swum an alien WegilIliCition Card nut. Or nontOro 
enet county Wiest:Once of any other covet rrient-Issued document itArtencing nakinallty or residence and scaring a Ohornown or Vorrilas Oferpart snotrrn 
provided. 
(If no inOividua? 'nen this delinitaxi. Pleate write "Not Aopficaotel 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
16100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
I ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer. 
Managing Member. General Partner, President, Vice President. Treasurer): or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
Name 
Date of Birth 
i ! Legal address 
For U.S. Persoor 
For Non.U.S.PanOn.1: 
Saab! Seennty 
Number 
(See footttoto tier nIternathys 
to Social Secuagy Nurnberi 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN I SEE 
iABOVE 
i 
For Non-US. Persons. In addition to a Sock Security Number rre PaSSOCrt Number with Country of 'nuance. en al k% kientification cob norribtr. or WOW: 
aid Critelli' Of issuance of any =et governr.ent-issued document mice:ming nationality ce residence ono bearing a pnottaqraph or sieriab oofeguaret shone 
be aeoveled. 
EIN 
(name of natural person opening the account), hereby certify 
he est of 
d above is complete and correct 
r 1/4
Signature Verifica 
7124118 
•/A 
Legal Entity Identifier (Optional) 
sir jhAte 
Name (Print): 
Title: 
Dote* 
4-1Thec 
VP 
11-17/ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077181 
SDNY_GM_00223365 
EFTA01379576

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379577.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account: 
IJEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, SOLE MEMBER 
b. Name of Legal Entity, Type of Legal Entity, and Andress of Legal Entity for which the Account is Being Opened: 
LSJE, LLC, A USVI LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, 
understanding. relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
Karr< 
Date of Birth 
Lepel Address 
Fos US. Pettont: 
Social Setutity 
Number 
For Nomi).S Peesono: 
I (See footnote I for alternatives 
to Social Setwey fekenbei) 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
For Non-tAS Person; in aeloOion to a Spec( Security Number era Pooport NufTeOr Witb Cowilry al Issu nce. on art:, iclentircorim taro number. or simmer 
ant comity of issuance of any other vorornment-issutu &Omen, L.:Wen:Mg natianafityb Tesicenet anc Canting a onolograoh a oinuler sategueto sheotcl 
orovreicu. 
(If ref indleinuafmetis %his clefitlition, please...ate "Not Aracab:t..1 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above. 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer. Chief Operating Officer. 
Managing Member, General Partner. President Vice President. Treasurer): or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
Of appropriate, en individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
i
Nam* 
Date of Beth 
!JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN I SEE 
Legal Address 
t For U.S. Fenons: I For Nan-u.s.Pcsoor. 
Soetet Security 
Met footnote 1 for aeornalivn 
Ranted 
$0601Securay Number) 
ABOVE 
For alon.U.S. Persons. in addition to a Social Security Number ova Passport Number with Country Of Issuanet on alien identlficat ion cart numbe. a number 
4r i countrY Of anoint* of any other govenvnent-ithued docurrenreetoenemo notichality or residence am bearing a oho:3gram or sineee sok-pate should 
be oroviOed, 
m 
REY E. E 
TEIN 
knowledge, that 
information 
Sire 
Lego: Entity Identifier fOPticael) 
ne of natural person opening the ac 
ove Is complete and correct.
7124118 
Da:C. 
r 
Srpiv re 
Name (Print) 
Title: 
Date: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077182 
SDNY_GM_00223366 
EFTA01379577

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379578.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account: 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, SOLE MEMBER 
b. Name of Legal Entity. Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
NES, LLC, A NEW YORK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, 83 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract arrangement. 
understanding, relationship or othenvise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
Name 
rate of Enna 
Is Legal teltirest 
i Fa: US. Persona: 
i Social Seam ity 
Number 
' For Non-U.S. PN$Ortf.:
(See footnote i for alternativec 
to Sochi Secteky Numbel 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
1120/53 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, 63 
 ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
• Fr Non-U.S. Persons. in addition to 0 Social Security Number or a Passport Number corn Country of Issuance. an a on rcenutication card sorbet. or nvenbe 
onc COWIrrY 
amonce el any 00,4: 0mM anserrt-iSsoeti isocurrent avk senvino nationally Of feSidenCe and bast inn apt wtograph 
eiojei; senora smciikf 
to provided. 
(If no utdMeajai meets this OafiniCt.n plume vete "Not AppOcalgen 
U. The following Information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer. Chief Operating Officer. 
Managing Member, General Partner, President. Vice President. Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate, en individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
Rome 
Date of Sem 
j Loom Ar..dleas 
Feats. Persons: 
Social Security 
I Number 
For Non-US. Parsons: 
• 
(See footnote I fa: aftemelwal 
to Soria( Security Nuntie0 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
f SEE 
t ABOVE 
Fr Non. US. Persons in woman to a Social Security Nufroef or a Passort Number with Country of Issuers:se, an afen Identification aka nonuser, or :lumbar 
ono country of issuance of an/ other godernmanhissued. d(XUrflett: midencing natlana&y Or residence and :merino a photograph of similar safeguard teidald 
t,e provided. 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
my knowledge, that the 
Legal Entity Identifier (Optional) 
natural person opening the account), hereby certify. LO the best of 
plete and correct. 
7124/18 
Dote 
S,Fyi, r e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077185 
SDNY_GM_00223369 
EFTA01379578

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379579.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account: 
[JEFFREY E EPSTEIN, SOLE MEMBER 
b Name of Legal Entity, Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for which the Account is Being Opened: 
PLAN CI, LLC, A USVI LIMITED UABIUTY COMPANY 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directiy or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
Name 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
Date of Seth 
Legal Address 
1120(53 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, 63 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
I
cor U.S. Parsons: I For Non-U.S.Passont 
SocialSedurAY 
(See footnote 1 ler Clikr 'LIMPS 
N'JMtiti 
• to Social Sacday Ntenber) 
For Pion-US. Persons. in acioinon to a SOCiaiSeCtrity Number or a Pasrpon Number with Country of issmoote. an ellen ktentircation card nor*cs, or numnar 
and county of issuance is: any other geyonimant -issued ticianerri evidenci^.9 noticnahty or residence and Warkng a Pi otonrada or SkriLlt sateguart should 
be provided. 
of no melhOdual meets this deli:Ikon. please write "Not Apolicet:e.1 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the iegal entity listed above. 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, 
Managing Member, General Partner. President. Vice President, Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
Name 
Oats of 8nh 
I Loath:Jewess 
Far
 Persons: 
Social Security
Number 
For Non-U S. Pgrsont
(See footnote for aitenuelvasi 
j to SQC:111 Security Number) 
i
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
SEE 
I ABOVE 
For Non•US. Persons in addition toe Social Security Number or a Pain= NOTbra ?AO Country 0! ISSuallCe, an ebb) itilAtilitOl.arl CWC Mutt.; or cumber 
and country of Issuance Many otnor s.c.veingttertI4SSOC4 CCCunlent eviditnying nationality c, residence anti bearing ai 
Or Sinutvlilt7hIrci Should 
bc Provided. 
Legal entity !Snuffer (00tional) 
rat person opening the account), hereby certify, to the best of 
aye is complete and correct. 
7124118 
Dalt 
Sp/juke eid 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077186 
SDNY GM_00223370 
EFTA01379579

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379580.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account 
'JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, MANAGER 
b. Name of Legal Entity, Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC, A USVI LIMITED LABILITY COMPANY 
8100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST, THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following Information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement. 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
i
Name 
Date of Birth 
legal Address 
I For U.S. Persona: 
For Plon.U.S. Peron: 
Soak2I Satiric? 
I Set Coccootel toy alternatives 
Number 
to SOS: Securay Numbed 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, 83 
St THOMAS, USVI 00802 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
For NomUS. Persons. in &coition too Social Security Number or a Naspod Number with Country of IssuanCe. an Open identirrcellon card Welber. Or ',floater 
and courciy of issuance of any Ced ter governintnt-issued document evelencing nettecially cv resicence ann matins a oftatoorapn or *Nat safeguard doculo 
OS amid= 
(If no incliktual mans this d4hiitiCet dense tvflIC -Not Applicable) 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer. 
Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(if appropriate, art individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
Name 
f Legal Addarn
I Date of Bath 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
SEE 
ABOVE 
For US. Persona: 
Social Security 
Numb& 
kr Non-0 S. Perfordr 
(Sea foolnote I for *Nana:ins' 
to Social Security Number) 
For Non-tAS. Persona, in addition to a Social &wordy Number or o Passport Niermer with Country of stuance. an alien Identificaton cam number, or mailbag 
end countryof issuaree of any other govetrtment-issoed document oviterwinc natiOnaaty or reticence and beating a taborcgrabb Or simile: surer old should 
be provided. 
me of natural person opening the account), hereby certify, to the best of 
tied above is complete and correct. 
7124/18 
Date 
;(ertAIN Cei Date
Sr
47//(4
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077187 
SDNY GM_00223371 
EFTA01379580

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379581.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persona opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account: 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, SOLE MEMBER 
b. Name of Legal Entity. Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC, A USVI LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
OM DO RED HOOK QUARTER, B.3 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract. arrangement, 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
Nome 
Date of Binh 
lliffdlAddren 
, For U.S. Persons: 
For Non-US. Persons-
! &weal Security 
(See footnote I or °Rama:Nest 
' aftardddr 
to Social Secitt.y Number) 
I 
t.-  
- 1 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, 83 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
MOMS 
ST. THOMAS, USVI 00802 
I 
for Non-US Persons. in addition too Social Security Number or a Passport Number '.'wen Country of Issuance, on alien identification card numz:v. or nem del 
and tOtanty Ot facoance Di any CAW" gvueinmeot-issued document evidencing nafianalty ce residence aro bearing a obotowaph o wallas soleguaw sygnikt 
be drOvided. 
(If no individual meats din defanitiOn. darewrite -Not Applicabla.") 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above. 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g.. Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer. Chief Operating Officer. 
Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President. Treasurer); or 
• Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
Pen 
I JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
I
Date of Ben 
I
SEE 
Legal Address 
ABOVE 
I For US Persons: j For Non-U.S. Persons:
Soctal Security 
14. T. foo 
Social
y 
tnote I 
Nak
timeb.;flanks 
ro
t For Non-US. Persons. in addition to 8 Social Security Number cr a Passport Numb*, %An Count!), of Issuance. en alien Icientirtcaton Card number. ce maybe 
and country of Issuance of any Othe 90veffirdat-issued COCO:ileac 6.i:rending nwuortalilyor resktente and basting a ohm/grad') at lenity safeguard Shaft 
be DrOviCed. 
kfriErFiltri
PsTEIN 
(name of natural person opening the account), hereby certify, to the best of 
/my knowledge, tat the information prowl 
beve;seamplete and correct. 
Signatu 
7/24118 
Dale 
Less] £ntey IckritifieriOptional).
stow, (1
Name( 
Tale. 
Data: 
fre 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077188 
SDNY_GM 00223372 
EFTA01379581

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379582.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Bradley 
8/21/2018 4:59:24 PM 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Stewart Oldfield 
Gratitude America, Ltd Iii 
MFPScan2018-08-21-165748.pdf 
Importance: 
High 
; Richard larossi 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Vijay. 
This entity is on your high risk list for the Southern Financial/Jeffery Epstein relationship. They would like to open a new DB AG 
Checking account, unfortunately the most recent approved KYC is over a ycar old (8/16/2017). 
Please put this entity ahead of the other Sothern Financial accounts. I believe all you need is the COGS (within 6 months) - this was 
requested from the client today. 
Signature verified FinCEN form is attached. 
Thanks. 
Retards 
Brad 
Bradley Gitlin
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077189 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223373 
EFTA01379582

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379583.pdf
----------------------------------------
II. Certification of beneficial owner(s) 
Persons opening an account on behalf of a legal entity must provide the following information: 
a. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account: 
IDarren K. Indyke, Treasurer 
b. Name of Legal Entity, Type of Legal Entity, and Address of Legal Entity for Which the Account is Being Opened: 
_J 
Gratitude America, Ltd., a U.S. Virgin Islands not-for-profit corporation and 501(c)(3) private foundation 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, 63 
St. Thomas. USVI 00802 
c. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, 
understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 percent or more of the equity interests of the legal entity listed above: 
Nair! 
Date of Binh 
Legal Address 
For U.S. "%sons 
Social Security 
Number 
For NonU.S. Persons: 
(See footnote 1 for alternative.' 
to Social Security Numbed
Not Applicable 
For NontU.S. Pelson& in adcbtion too SoCial Security Number or a Passport Number with Country of Issuance. an alien identification core number. a number 
one country of issuance of any other goveuertnoissuel document evideocinp nationality Or residence and bearing a photoylaph or similar safeguard should 
oe provide*. 
(If no individual meets 0da darmiti0rt. please write -Not Apylicablel 
d. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity listed above, 
such as: 
• An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer. Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, 
Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President Treasurer); or 
• My other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
(If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
Name 
Date of Birth 
Is Legal Aim:km 
Darren K. Indyke 
02/19/1966 
 L
or U.S. Persons: 
Social Security 
Number
For Non-U.S. Persons: 
(See (Wined 1 for alternatives! 
to Social Security Number) 
• 
'For Ntr'ot.I.S. Persons. in 4c:titian to a Social Security Number ore Passport Number with Country of Issitanfwt. an aWii identification card numbe. or number 
and. country of issuance ui any other government-issued document evioencing nationafity or residence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard abase 
be ctinocri. 
I Darren K. Indyke 
(name of natural person opening the account), hereby certify, to the best of 
my knowledge, that the information pr 'dad above is complete and correct. 
Signature 
August 15, 2018
Date 
Signature 
• 
Na 
Legal Entity Identifier (Optional) 
Vui'ief vi
te-c3 -Pro v
Date: 
Tom:
1.- 2015 Dena* Gana AG. AP trots Leserven. ViiN1129866 osatna.osurWedito; 
pnr
License_ 
VP 
15"Mati  47Ih 7. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077191 
SONY GM_00223375 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379583

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379584.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bella Klein 
Sent: 
8/29/2018 2:23:11 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
Gratitude COGS 
Attachments: Gratitude COGS 2018.pdf; Untitled attachment 01458.txt 
Thank y 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077192 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223376 
EFTA01379584

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379585.pdf
----------------------------------------
ONANIM 
t'4 Willa) SI AWS V 
ISLANDS 
OFFICE OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR 
DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS AND TRADEMARKS 
5049 Kongens Gode 
I I as i<ing Street 
Charlotte knobs, 
Isoncts 00802 
enrostionsted, Virgin IslarCs 00820 
July 9, 2018 
CERTIFICATiON OF GOOD STANDING 
This is to certify that the non-profit corporation known as 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD. filed Articles of Incorporation in the Office 
of the Lieutenant Governor on APRIL 25, 2012 that a Certificate of 
Incorporation was issued by the Lieutenant Governor on MAY 1, 
2012 authorizing the said corporation to conduct business in the 
Virgin Islands and the corporation is considered to be in good 
standing. 
Denise Jo annes 
Director, Division of 
Corporations and Trademarks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077193 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223377 
EFTA01379585

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379586.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Daniel Sabba 
; Ariane Dwyer 
; Paul Morris I 
I; 
Stewart Oldfield I 
I; Richard Kahn I 
I 
Subject: 
PAr: "• PRICING DETAILS "" JOINT BOOKRUN IPO ""'XACTLY CORP (NYSE: XTLY) a° APPROVED FOR EXTERNAL 
DISTRIBUTION •" [CI 
Vahe Stepanian 
6/26/2015 8:35:51 AM 
Jeffrey Epstein ljeevacation@gmail.comj 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey — today you were allocated 600 XTLY @ $8.00. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Nate Hall 
Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2015 5:47 PM 
Subject: *** PRICING DETAILS *** JOINT BOOKRUN IPO *** XACTLY CORP (NYSE: XTLY) *** APPROVED FOR 
EXTERNAL DISTRIBUTION *** 
*** APPROVED FOR EXTERNAL DISTRIBUTION *** 
Issuer: Xactly Corp. 
Symbol: XTLY 
Deal size: 7,037,500 shares (97% primary / 3% secondary) plus 15% greenshoe (100% primary) 
Offer price: $8.00 
Exchange: NYSE 
Trade date: 6/26 
Settlement date: 7/1 
Bookrunners: 
JPMorgan 
Deutsche Bank 
UBS 
Co-managers: 
Needham 
Oppenheimer 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077194 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223378 
EFTA01379586

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379587.pdf
----------------------------------------
The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this 
communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other 
documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may 
get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site, at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any 
underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling 
toll-free 
or by mail from Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10016, or by 
email at 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077195 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223379 
EFTA01379587

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379588.pdf
----------------------------------------
Floor 1, Bl, DB Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077198 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223382 
EFTA01379588

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379589.pdf
----------------------------------------
lefile GRAPHIC print - DO NOT PROCESS 
J As Filed Data - 
,.. 90—PF 
es, 
Return of Private Foundation 
or Section 4947(a)(1) Trust Treated as Private Foundation 
DLN: 934913140010261 
MB No 15450052 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
i• Do not enter social security numbers on this form as it may be made public. 
► Information about Form 990-PF and its instructions Is at www.Irs.qov/form990a.
2015 
Open to Public 
Inspection 
For calendar year 2015, or tax year beginning 01-01-2015 
Name of foundation 
sittanuoi AMERICA LTD 
ROYAL PALMS PROFESSIONAL BUILDING 
A Employer identification number 
66.0789697 
" 
her A marl is not delivered to street address) 
Room/suite 
eTelephone number (see instructions) 
(340) 779.2564 
C If exemption application is pending, check here 
p.r 
Coy or town, state or province, country, and ZIP or foreign postal code 
ST THOMAS, VI 00802 
G Check all that apply 
nittal return 
rl renal return of a former public charity 
D 1. Foreign organisations, check here 
I—Final return 
FA mended return 
r-
PAddress change 
name change 
2. Foreign organizations meeting the 85% 
test, deck here and attach computabon 
H Check type of organization 
Section 50 1(c )(3 ) exempt private foundation 
E If smote foundation status was tem-elated 
under section 507(b)(1)(4). deck here 
• I-
rsection 494 7(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trust 
I- 0 ther taxable private foundation 
Harr market value of all assets at end 
)Accounting method p Cash (Accrual 
F If the foundation is m a 60-month ternunatspn 
of year (from Pan II, col (c), 
lone 16)I, s 10,006,564 
r- Other (specify) 
under section 507(b)(1)(8), check heft 
p. r 
(Part I, column (d) must be on cash basis ) 
Part I 
Analysis of Revenue and Expenses 
(The total of amounts on columns b), (C). and (d) may not 
necessaniy equal the amounts sn column (a) (see 
'marathons) ) 
(a)
Revenue and 
expenses per 
books
Net investment 
(b) 
income 
Adjusted net 
(e) 
mcome 
Dobursements 
for chartable 
purposes 
(d) (cash baps only) 
c.) 
—
at
r3 
> o 
CC 
5a 
b 
ea 
b 
B 
so 
10a 
b 
c 
Contributions, gifts, grants, etc , received (attach 
schedule) 
Check Ila r if the foundation is not required to 
attach 
Sch B 
Interest on savings and temporary cash investments 
Dividends and interest from secunties 
. . 
. 
Gross rents 
Net rental income or (loss) 
1D,003,000 
4,332 
4,332 
9,332 
Net gain or (loss) from sale of assets 
Gross sales price for all assets on line 
not on line 10 
6a 
line 2) • 
• 
• 
Capital gain net income (from Part IV, 
Net short-term capital gain  
Income modifications  
Gross sales less returns and 
allowances 
Less Cost of goods sold . 
. . 
. 
Gross profit or (loss) (attach schedule)  
Other income (attach schedule) 
Total.Add lines 1 through 11 
10.007,332 
4,332 
4,332 
Operating and Administrative Expenses 
is 
16a 
b 
c 
Compensation of officers, directors, trustees, etc 
Other employee salaries and wages 
Pension plans, employee benefits  
Legal fees (attach schedule) 
Accounting fees (attach schedule) 
Other professional fees (attach schedule) . . . 
Interest 
Taxes (attach schedule) (see instructions) 
. 
. 
Depreciation (attach schedule) and depletion . 
. 
Occupancy 
Travel, conferences, and meetings 
Printing and publications  
Other expenses (attach schedule) 
Total operating and administrative expenses. 
Add lines 13 through 23  
Contributions, gifts, grants paid 
Total expenses and dIsbursements.Add lines 24 and 
SI 
543 
543 
SI 
225 
200 
768 
743 
768 
743 
a 
b 
c 
Subtract line 26 from line 12 
Excess of revenue over expenses and disbursements 
Net Investment Income (if negative, enter -0-) 
Adjusted net income(if negative, enter -0-) 
- . . 
10,006,564 
4,332 
4,332 
, and ending 12-31-2015 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see Instruct Ions. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Cat No 11289x 
Form 990-PF (2015) 
DB-SDNY-0077199 
SDNY_GM_00223383 
EFTA01379589

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379590.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form 990-PF (2015) 
Part IV 
Capital Gains and Losses for Tax on Investment Income 
Page 3 
List and describe the kind(s) of property sold (e g , real estate, 
(a) 2 -story brick warehouse, or common stock, 200 shs M LC Co ) 
How acquired 
P —Purchase 
(b) 0—Donation 
Date acquired 
(c) (mo , day, yr ) 
Date sold 
(d) (mo , day, yr ) 
la 
b 
C 
d 
e 
(e) Gross sales price 
Depreciation allowed 
(f) 
(or allowable) 
Cost or other basis 
(g) plus expense of sale 
Gain or (loss) 
(h) (e) plus (f) minus (9) 
a 
b 
c 
d 
e 
Complete only for assets showing gain in column (h) and owned by the foundation on 12/31/69 
Gains (C of (h) gain minus 
col (k), but not less than -0 - ) or 
(I) 
Losses (from col (h)) 
(I) F M V as of 12/31/69 
Adjusted basis 
(j) as of 12/31/69 
Excess of col 0) 
(k) over col (3), if any 
a 
b 
c 
d 
e 
Capital gain net income or (net capital loss) 
Net short-term capital gain or (loss) as defined in sect 
If gain, also enter in Part I, line 8, column (c) (see mst 
in
I If ga n, also enter in Part I, line 7 1
If (loss), enter -0- in Part I, line 7 
ons 1222(5) and (6) 
uctions) If (loss), enter -0-
Part V 
Qualification Under Section 4940(e) for Reduced Tax on Net Investment Income 
(For optional use by domestic private foundations subject to the section 4940(a) tax on net investment income ) 
If section 4940(d)(2) applies, leave this part blank 
Was the foundation liable for the section 4942 tax on the distributable amount of any year in the base period> 
If 'MS.' the foundation does not qualify under section 4940(e) Do not complete this part 
Enter the appropriate amount in each column for each year, see instructions before making any entries 
I— Yes I— No 
Base period yea0 rs CaNndar 
year (or tax year beginning in) 
b
( ) 
Adjusted qualifying dignbutiOnS 
(c) 
Net value of nonchantable• use assets 
(d) 
Essoibution ratio 
(<01 (b) divided by col (c)) 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
Utak( line 1, column (0) 
Average distribution ratio for the 5-year base period—di ide the total on line 2 by 5, or by 
the number of years the foundation has been in existence if less than 5 years 
Enter the net value of nonchantable-use assets for 2015 from Part X, line 5 
Multiply line 4 by line 3 
Enter I% of net investment income (1% of Part I, line 27b) 
Add lines 5 and 6 
Enter qualifying distnbutions from Part XII, line 4 
If line 8 is equal to or greater than line 7, check the box in Part VI, line lb, and complete that part using a 1% tax rate See 
the Part VI instructions 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Form 990-PF (2015) 
DB-SDNY-0077201 
SDNY_GM_00223385 
EFTA01379590

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379591.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form 990-P F (2015) 
Page 6 
Part VII- El 
Statements Regarding Activities for Which Form 4720 May Be Required (Continued) 
Sa 
During the year did the foundation pay or incur any amount to 
(1) Carry on propaganda, or othermse attempt to influence legislation (section 4945(e))' 
F 
Yes 
71.  No 
(2) I nfluence the outcome of any specific public election (see section 4955), or to carry 
on, directly or indirectly, any voter registration drive, 
 F 
Yes Pi No 
(3) Provide a grant to an individual for travel, study, or other similar purposes,  
r 
Yes 
71.  No
(4) Provide a grant to an organization other than a charitable, etc , organization described 
in section 4945(d)(4)(A)? (see instructions) 
 F 
Yes Ri No 
(5) Provide for any purpose other than religious, charitable, scientific, literary, or 
educational purposes, or for the prevention of cruelty to children or animals? 
F 
Yes Pi No 
b If any answer is 'Yes' to 5a(1)-(5), did anyof the transactions fail to qualify under the exceptions described in 
Regulations section 53 4945 or in a current notice regarding disaster assistance (see instructions)' 
Organizations relying on a current notice regarding disaster assistance check here 
OK 
r 
C If the answer is 'Yes' to Question 5a(4), does the foundation claim exemption from the 
tax because it maintained expenditure responsibility for the grant? 
 F yes b.7 No 
If "Yes,' attach the statement required by Regulations section 53 4945-5(d) 
6a 
Did the foundation, during the year, receive any funds, directly or indirectly, to pay premiums on 
a personal benefit contract) 
I— Yes 
1.7 No 
b Did the foundation, during the year, pay premiums, directly or indirectly, on a personal benefit contract?. . . 
. 
If "Yes" to 6b, file Form 8870 
7a 
At any time during the tax year, was the foundation a party to a prohibited tax shelter transaction? 
F 
Yes 
71.  No 
b 
Sb 
No 
6b 
No 
If yes, did the foundation receive any proceeds or nave any net income attributable to the transaction) . . . 
. 
7b 
No 
Part VIII 
Information About Officers, Directors, Trustees, Foundation Managers, Highly Paid Employees, 
and Contractors 
List all officers, directors, trustees, foundation managers and their compensation (see instructions). 
(a) Name and address 
Title, and average 
hours per week 
(b) devoted to position 
(c) Compensation(lf 
not paid, enter 
-0-) 
(d)
Contributions to 
employee benefit plans 
and deferred compensation 
Expense account,
(e) other allowances 
RICHARD KAHN 
President 
00
575 LEXINGTON AVE 4TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK, NY 10022 
DARREN K INDYKE 
Treasurer 
00 
575 LEXINGTON AVE 4TH FLOOR 
NEWYORK,NY 10022 
ERIKA A KELLERHAS 
Secretary 
00 
9053 ESTATE THOMAS SUITE 101 
ST THOMAS,VI 00802 
Compensation of five highest-paid employees (other than those Included on line 1—see Instructions). If none, enter "NONE.-
(a) 
Name and address of each employee paid 
more than $50,000 
Title, and average 
hours per week 
(b) devoted to position 
(c) Compensation 
Contributions to 
employee benefit 
plans and deferred 
(d) 
compensation 
Expense account, 
(e) other allowances 
NONE 
Total number of other employees paid over $50,000 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Form 990-PF (2015) 
DB-SDNY-0077204 
SDNY_GM_00223388 
EFTA01379591

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379592.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form 990-PF (2015) 
Page 7 
Information About Officers, Directors, Trustees, Foundation Managers, Highly Paid Employees, 
and Contractors (continued) 
Five highest-paid independent contractors for professional services (see instructions). If none, enter "NONE". 
Part VIII 
(a) Name and address of each person paid more than $50,000 
NONE 
(b) Type of service 
(c) Compensation 
Total number of others receiving over $50,000 for professional services  
Part IX-A 
Summary of Direct Charitable Activities 
List the foundation's four largest direct chantable activities dunng the tax year Include relevant statistical information such as the number of 
organizations and other beneficiaries served, conferences convened, research papers produced, etc 
Expenses 
Part IX-B 
Summary of Program-Related Investments (see instructions) 
Describe the two !erges programirebted investments made by the foundation during the tax year on finest and 2 
Amount 
All other program-related investments 
See instructions 
Total, Add lines I through 3 
Po 
Form 990-PF (2015) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077205 
SDNY_GM_00223389 
EFTA01379592

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379593.pdf
----------------------------------------
Part X 
Page 8 
Form 990 P (2015) 
Minimum Investment Return 
(All domestic foundations must corn p lete this part. Foreign foundations see instructions. 
Fair market value of assets not used (or held for use) directly in carrying out charitable, etc , 
purposes 
a 
Average monthly fair market value of securities 
la 
b Average of monthly cash balances 
lb 
2,502,812 
c 
Fair market value of all other assets (see instructions) 
Sc 
d 
e 
Total (add lines la, b, and c) 
Reduction claimed for blockage or other factors reported on lines 1a and 
Id 
2,502,812 
Ic (attach detailed explanation) 
I le I 
Acquisition indebtedness applicable to line 1 assets 
Subtract line 2 from line Id 
2,502,812 
Cash deemed held for charitable activities Enter 1 1/2% of line 3 (for greater amount, see 
instructions) 
37,542 
Net value of nonchatitat4e-use aStiettit.Subtract line 4 from line 3 Enter here and on Part V, line 4 
2,465,270 
Minimum Investment retum.E nter 5% of line 5 
123,264 
Part XI 
Distributable Amount 
(see instructions) (Section 49420)(3) and ())(5) private operating foundations and ce tam foreign organizations 
check here fr r and do not complete this part. 
i 
Minimum investment return from Part X, line 6 
2a 
Tax on investment income for 2015 from Part VI, line 5 
b Income tax for 2015 (This does not include the tax from Part V I ). 
. I 2b
2a
c 
Add lines 2a and 2b 
Dlstnbutable amount before adjustments Subtract line 2c from line 1 
Recoveries of amounts treated as qualifying distributions 
Add lines 3 and 4 
Deduction from distributable amount (see instructions) 
Distributable amountas adjusted Subtract line 6 from line S Enter here and on Part XII I, line 1. . 
123,264 
2c 
123,177 
123,177 
123,177 
Part XII Qualifying Distributions (see instructions) 
I 
Amounts paid (including administrative expenses) to accomplish charitable, etc , purposes 
a 
Expenses, contributions, gifts, etc —total from Part I, column (d), line 26 
b Program-related investments —total from Part I X- B 
Amounts paid to acquire assets used (or held for use) directly in carrying out charitable, etc , 
purposes 
Amounts set aside for specific charitable projects that satisfy the 
a Suitability test (pnor IRS approval required) 
b Cash distribution test (attach the required schedule) 
Qualifying dist ributions.Add lines la through 3b Enter here and on Part V, line 8, and Part X111, line 4 
Foundations that qua lily under section 4940(e) for the reduced rate of tax on net investment 
income Enter 1% of Part I, line 27b (see instructions) 
Adjusted qualifying distributionsSubtract line 5 from line 4 
743 
Ia 
743 
lb 
3a 
3b 
743 
Note:The amount on line 6 will be used in Part V, column (b), in subsequent years when calculating whether the foundation qualifies for 
the section 4940(e) reduction of tax in those years 
Form 990-PF (2015) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077206 
SDNY_GM_00223390 
EFTA01379593

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379594.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form 990-P F (2015) 
Part XIV 
Page 10 
Private Operating Foundations (see instructions and Part VII-A, question 9) 
1a If the foundation has received a ruling or determination letter that it is a private operating 
foundation, and the ruling is effective for 2015, enter the date of the ruling. . 
. 
. 
b Check box to indicate whether the organization is a private operating foundation described in section r 49420)(3) or 
2a Enter the lesser of the adjusted net 
income from Pan I or the minimum 
investment return from Part X for each 
year listed  
b 85% of line 2a  
c Qualifying distributions from Part XII, 
line 4 for each year listed 
d Amounts included in line 2c not used 
directly for active conduct of exempt 
e Qualifying distributions made directly 
for active conduct of exempt activities 
Subtract line 2d from line 2c . 
. 
. 
. 
Complete 3a, b, or c for the 
alternative test relied upon 
a "Assets' alternative test—enter 
(1) Value of all assets  
(2) value of assets qualifying 
under section 4942(0(3)(6)(r) 
b 'Endowment' alternative test— enter 2/3 
of minimum investment return shown in 
Part X, line 6 for each year listed. . 
. 
c "Support" alternative test—enter 
(1) Total support other than gross 
investment income (interest. 
dividends, rents, payments 
on securities loans (section 
512(a)(5)), or royalties) . 
. 
. 
. 
(2) Support from general public 
and 5 or more exempt 
organizations as provided in 
section 4942(0(3)000* . 
(3) Largest amount of support 
from an exempt organization 
(4) Gross Investment income 
Part XV 
I-  49420)(5) 
Tax year 
(a) 2015 
Prior 3 years 
(b) 2014 
(c) 2013 
(d) 2012 
(e) Total 
Supplementary Information (Complete this part only If the organization had $5,000 or more in 
assets at any time during the year —see instructions.) 
Information Regarding Foundation Managers: 
a List any managers of the foundation who have contributed more than 2% of the total contributions received by the foundation 
before the close of any tax year (but only if they have contributed more than 55,000) (See section 507(d)(21) 
b List any managers of the foundation who own 10% or more of the stock of a corporation (or an equally large portion of the 
ownership of a partnership or other entity) of which the foundation has a 10% or greater interest 
Information Regarding Contribution, Grant, Gift, Loan, Scholarship, etc., Programs: 
C heck here ► P . if the foundation only makes contributions to preselected charitable organizations and does not accept 
unsolicited requests for funds If the foundation makes gifts, grants, etc (see instructions) to individuals or organizations under 
other conditions, complete items 2a, 0, c, and d 
a The name, address, and telephone number or email address of the person to whom applications should be addressed 
b The form in which applications should be submitted and information and materials they should include 
c Any submission deadlines 
d Any restnctions or limitations on awards, such as by geographical areas, charitable fields, kinds of institutions, or other 
factors 
Form 990-PF (2015) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077208 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223392 
EFTA01379594

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379595.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form 990 -Pr (2 0 1 5) 
Part XVI-A 
Page 12 
Analysis of Income-Producing Activities 
Enter gross amounts unless otherwise indicated 
I Program service revenue 
a 
Unrelated business income 
Excluded by section 512, 513, or 514 
(e) 
Related or exempt 
function income 
(See
instructions ) 
(a) 
Business code 
(b) 
Amount 
(c) 
Exclusion code 
(d) 
Amount 
b 
c 
d 
e 
I 
g fees and contracts from government agencies 
Membership dues and assessments. . 
. 
. 
Interest on savings and temporary cash 
investments  
Dividends and interest from securities. . 
. 
Net rental income or (loss) from real estate 
a Debt-financed property 
b Not debt-financed property 
Net rental income or (loss) from personal 
property  
Other investment income 
Gain or (loss) from sales of assets other than 
inventory 
Net income or (loss) from special events 
Gross profit or (loss) from sales of inventory 
• 
• 
Other revenue a 
4.332 
b 
c 
d 
e 
Subtotal Add columns (b), (d), and (e). . 
4,332 
TotalAdd line 12, columns (b), (d), and (e) 
See worksheet in line 13 instructions to verify alculations ) 
Relationship of Activities to the Accomplishment of Exempt Purposes 
Line 
E xplain below how each activity for which income is reported in column (e) of Part XV1-4, contributed importantly to 
No. 
• 
the accomplishment of the foundation's exempt purposes (other than by providing funds for such purposes) (See 
instructions ) 
4,332 
Form 990-PF (2 0 15) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077210 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223394 
EFTA01379595

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379596.pdf
----------------------------------------
efile GRAPHIC print - DO NOT PROCESS 
As Filed Data - 
DIN: 93491314001026 
TY 2015 Legal Fees Schedule 
Name: GRATITUDE AMERICA LTD 
ROYAL PALMS PROFESSIONAL BUILDING 
EIN: 66-0789697 
Software ID: 15000324 
Software Version: 2015v2.0 
Category 
Amount 
Net Investment 
Income 
Adjusted Net 
Income 
Disbursements for 
Charitable 
Purposes 
LEGAL FEES 
543 
543 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077212 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223396 
EFTA01379596

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379597.pdf
----------------------------------------
efile GRAPHIC print - DO NOT PROCESS 
As Filed Data - 
DLN: 93491314001026 
TY 2015 Other Expenses Schedule 
Name: GRATITUDE AMERICA LTD 
ROYAL PALMS PROFESSIONAL BUILDING 
EIN: 66-0789697 
Software ID: 15000324 
Software Version: 2015v2.0 
Description 
Revenue and Expenses 
per Books 
Net Investment 
Income 
Adjusted Net Income 
Disbursements for 
Charitable Purposes 
STATE FILING FEES 
SUPPLIES 
200 
200 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077213 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223397 
EFTA01379597

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379598.pdf
----------------------------------------
efile GRAPHIC print - DO NOT PROCESS 
As Filed Data - 
DLN: 93491314001026 
TY 2015 Substantial Contributors 
Schedule 
Name: GRATITUDE AMERICA LTD 
ROYAL PALMS PROFESSIONAL BUILDING 
EIN: 66-0789697 
Software ID: 15000324 
Software Version: 2015v2.0 
Name 
Address 
0V70 LLC 
445 PARK AVE 
NEW YORK,NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077214 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223398 
EFTA01379598

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379599.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule B (Form 990. 990-U. or 990-PF) (2015) 
Page 2 
Name of organization 
GRATITUDE AMERICA LTD 
ROYAL PALMS PROFESSIONAL BUILDING 
Part I 
Employer identif kat Ion number 
66-0789697 
Contributors (eemstnicuons) Use dupbcatecepos el Pm le Seemed spacersneeded 
(a) 
No. 
(b) 
Name, address, and ZIP + 4 
(e) 
Total contributions 
(d) 
Type of contribution 
BV70 LLC 
510.000.000 
Person 
p 
Payroll 
r 
Noncash 
r-
(Complete Pal II for noncash 
conInPutions ) 
445 PARK AVE 
NEW YORK, NY 10022 
(a) 
No. 
(b) 
Name, address, and ZIP + 4 
(c) 
Total contributions 
(d) 
Type of contribution 
s 
Person 
F 
Payroll 
r 
Noncash 
r 
(Complete Parl II Ice noncash 
con:tufa:ins ) 
(a) 
No. 
(b) 
Name, address, and ZIP + 4 
(e) 
Total contributions 
(d) 
Type of contribution 
$ 
Person 
F 
Payroll 
r
Noncash 
F 
(Complete Pan II for noncash 
conIntrultons ) 
(a) 
No. 
(b) 
Name, address, and ZIP + 4 
(c) 
Total contributions 
(d) 
Type of contribution 
s 
Person 
F 
Payroll 
r
Noncash 
F 
(Complete Part II for noncash 
contnbutions ) 
(a) 
No. 
(b) 
Name, address, and ZIP + 4 
(e) 
Total contributions 
(d) 
Type of contribution 
$ 
Person 
F 
Payroll 
r
Noncash 
F 
(Complete Pal II I or roccosh 
contributonS ) 
(a) 
No. 
(b) 
Name, address, and ZIP • 4 
(c) 
Total contributions 
(d) 
Type of contribution 
s 
Person 
F 
Payroll 
r 
Noncash 
F 
(Complete Parl II for noncash 
coraributrons ) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Schedule B (Form 990, 990-EZ, or 990.PF) (2016) 
DB-SDNY-0077216 
SDNY_GM_00223400 
EFTA01379599

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379600.pdf
----------------------------------------
Schedule B (Form 990.990-¢. or 990-PF) (2015) 
Page 4 
Name of organization 
GRATITUDE AMERICA LTD 
ROYAL PALMS PROFESSIONAL BUILDING 
Employer identification number 
66-0789697 
Part III 
Exclusively religious, charitable. etc., contributions to organizations descr bed in section 501(c)(7). (8). or (10) that 
total more than $1 ,000 for the year from any one contributor. Complete co um ns (a) through (e) and the following 
line entry. For organizations completing Part Ill, enter the total of exclusivelyreligious, charitable, etc., contributions 
of $1,000 or less for the year. (Enter this info motion once. See instructions.) ► $ 
Use duplicate copies of Part lid addienal space is needed 
(a) 
No.from Part I 
(b) Purpose of gift 
(c) Use of gift 
(d) Description of how gift is held 
(e) Transfer of gift 
Transferee's name. address, and ZP 4 
Relationshp of transferor to transferee 
(a) 
No.from Part I 
(b) Purpose of gift 
(c) Use of gift 
(d) Description of how gift is held 
• 
(e) Transfer of gift 
Transferee's name. address, and ZIP 4 
Relationship of transferor to transferee 
_ 
(a) 
No.from Part I 
(b) Purpose of gift 
(e) Use of gift 
(d) Description of how gift is held 
• 
(e) Transfer of gift 
Transferee's name. address. and ZP 4 
Relationship of transferor to transferee 
(a) 
No.from Part I 
(b) Purpose of gift 
(e) Use of gilt 
(d) Description of how gift is held 
(e) Transfer of gift 
Transferee's name. address. and ZP 4 
Relationship of transferor to transferee 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Schedule B (Form 990, 990-¢, or 990-PF) (2015) 
DB-SDNY-0077218 
SDNY_GM_00223402 
EFTA01379600

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379601.pdf
----------------------------------------
From
Th
radleyGMir 
Sent: 
9/27/2018 8:21:05 AM 
To 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: 
Re: Southern Financial III 
See below. 
Regards, 
Brad 
; Stewart 0ldfield I 
On Sep 26, 2018, at 9:41 AM, Bradley Gitlin < 
> wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Vita). 
Purpose of the account required for following DB accts —
1. 
<!--[if lsupportlistsj—><!--Cenditl->JEGE. INC Deposit acct 
a. 
<!--[if lsupporthists]—><I--[enditi-->This is a simple checking account for pay for costs associated for 
Jeffrey Epstein's airplanes 
2. 
<!--[if lsupportLists)--><!--[endifj-->JEGE. LLC Deposit acct 
a. 
<!--(if lsupportlistsj—><!--Cendifil-->This is a simple checking account for daily expense including taxes 
and payments for Jeffrey Epstein's airplanes 
3. 
<!--(if lsupportLists]—><I--[endif1-->JEEPERS INC Brokerage acct# 
a. 
<!--[if lsupportLists1--><!--[enditi-->This is a brokerage account for a private company to hold and make 
investments in marketable securities 
4. 
<!--[if lsupportlists]--><!--lendifj-->PLAN D. LLC Deposit acct 
a. 
<!--[if lsupportlists]--><!--[endif]-->This is a simple checking account for pay for costs associated for 
Jeffrey Epstein's airplanes 
S. 
<!--[if lsupportLists]—><!--rendif1-->The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Deposit 
a. 
<!--[if lsupportLists]--><!--[enditi-->This is a simple checking account for costs (taxes, etc.) related to 
this Trust 
6. 
<!--[if IsupportLists]--><I--rendifj-->NES, LLC Deposit 
a. 
<!--[if lsupportLists]--><!--[endif]-->This is a simple checking account for pay for costs associated for 
Jeffrey Epstein's airplanes 
7. 
<!--[if lsupportlists]—><!--lendifJ-->THE HAZE TRUST Deposit 
a. 
<!--(if lsupportlistsj—><!--[endif]-- 
- This is a simple checking account for costs (taxes, etc.) 
related to this Trust 
b. 
<I--(!f IsupportLists]—><!--[endif]-- 
— This is an interest bearing checking account for costs 
(taxes. etc.) related to this Trust 
c. 
<!--(if lsupportLists1--><!--[enditi-- 
- This is a brokerage account for the trust to hold and 
make invesuncnts in marketable securities 
Finally, Estimated Annual Gross Income (Flinty) and Estimated Animal Net Profit required for the following 
account holders:-
• 
<!--[if lsupportlists]—><!--Cendif] 
o 
<!--(if Isupportlists]—><!--lendif] 
• 
<I--[if Isupportlists]—><!--[endif] 
o 
<!--[if IsupportLists]—><!--Iendif] 
• 
<!--(if IsupportLists]--><!--[endif] 
o 
<!--[if lsupportlistsj--><!--Cendif] 
• 
<I--[if IsupportLists]—>< l--(endif] 
-->Thc 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust#3 
-->Annual Income — 200,000, Net Profit — 100.000 
-->The Haze Trust 
-->Annwal Income — 5,000,000; Net Profit - 4,000,000 
-->NES. LLC 
-->Annual income — 400.000; Net Profit — 200.000 
-->Plan D. LLC 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223403 
DB-SDNY-0077219 
EFTA01379601

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379602.pdf
----------------------------------------
IsupportListsj—xl--rendifj-->Annual income — 400.000: Net Profit - 200.000 
Regards. 
Brad 
<ilimgc001.git,
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New Y 
NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday. Scp m r 26 2018 6.02 AM 
To: Stewart Oldficld • 
c: Bradley illin 
Alka Babu 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial 
Importance: High 
Hello Stewart. 
; Nlayur Rathod 
We have some good news in that regard. We have had 2 KYC's 
which got approved in this 
past week. These cases cover high risked accounts Prytanee, LLC. 
Neptune, LW & 
Butterfly Trust. 
We arc in the process of submitting more cases on top of cases already submitted which arc under review with AML 
at tit moment, e.g. Epstein, Jeffrey E., Southern Trust Company, Inc and Zorro Management LLC, etc. 
We arc awaiting dots for the following entities from this relationship for high risk accounts only — 
• 
<!--(if lsupportlistsj--x!
endifi-->Gratitude America Ltd (Does of significant donor) 
• 
<!--[if Isupportlistsj--><l
enditl-->Jeepers Inc (COGS for acct holder) 
• 
IsupportLists1--xl-gendifl-->Plan D, LLC (COGS for aCet holder) 
Additionally we require following info from you to complete the cases in DBForce: 
Purpose of the account required for following DB acets — 
1. 
cl--(if Isupportlistsj-->cl-lendifF->JEGE. INC Deposit acct 
2. 
IsupportListsj--xl—rendifF->JEGE, LLC Deposit acct 
3. 
IsupportLists]—><I-1endifl-->JEEPERS INC Brokerage accu# 
4. 
IsupportLists1-0<!--(endif1-->PLAN D. LLC Deposit acct 
5. 
7. 
IsupportListsj--x!--[endit]-->The 2007 Jeffrey E. E 
in Insurance Deposit 
6.
<!--(if Isupportlistsj--><!--(endifj-->NES. LLC Deposit 
IsupportListsj--><!--(endifj-->THE HAZE TRUST Deposit ace 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077220 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223404 
EFTA01379602

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379603.pdf
----------------------------------------
Finally. Estimated Annual Gross Income fEntitvi and Estimated Annual Net Profit required for the following 
account holders:-
• 
<I--(if lsupportListsj—xl-gendifi-->The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust* 
• 
<!--[if Isupportlists]—>cl--(endifj-->The Hazc Trust 
• 
IsupportListsj—xl—tendifF->NES, LLC 
• 
IsupportListsj--><!--Iendifi-->Plan D, LW 
We will be able to submit all the remaining cases from this relationship once the above info & does= received. Let 
me know if any queries. thinks. 
Kind Regards, 
<ivage001.g115 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai. Nirlon Knowledge Park. Western Express Highway 
Goregaon Faci 
- 400063 , India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday. September 26. 2018 1:36 AM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin 
; Richard larossi 
Subject: Southern Financial 
Vijay. 
Have we had any feedback on the lasted KYCs you submitted for Southern Financial? Would be good to understand 
which ones we still need more info on. I think we are still waiting on COGS for kepers and Neptune. We also still 
need to resolve the BV70 issue with Gratitude America. All of this is with the client at this point. Is there anything 
else I need to be following up on? 
Thanks 
<image002.png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel 
Mo 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077221 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223405 
EFTA01379603

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379604.pdf
----------------------------------------
> Richard Kahn 
> HBRK Associates Inc. 
> 575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
> New York, NY 10022 
> This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
> 
• Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
> Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077225 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223409 
EFTA01379604

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379605.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
10/5/2018 2:32:25 PM 
To: 
Arthur Trembl 
CC: 
Richard larossi 
Subject: 
Re: Wiring limit increase(I) 
Bradley Gillin 
Anthony Western 
I'm back in the office Tuesday. If I can't approve via email, will do then. Thanks. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
> On Oct 5, 2018, at 7:21 PM, Arthur Trembla 
> 
• Hello Rich, 
> 
• First we need the primary officer for the relationship to sign on the form to authorize. Then Tony or 
can approve for product team along with a business lead (Andrew Gallivan). 
> 
• Arthur Tremblay 
> Director 
> 
• Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
> Deutsche Bank wealth Management 
> 345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
• 
Original Message 
> From: Richard Iarossi 
> Sent: Friday, October 05 2018 2:07 PM 
> To: Anthony Western < 
; Arthur Trembla 
> Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
; Stewart Oldfield < 
> Subject: wiring limit increase 
> 
• Classification: For internal use only 
> 
• Hi Tony/ Arthur, 
> 
• Please see the attached form to increase the daily wire limit to S20mn for Jeffrey Epstein. Please let 
me know if anything else is needed for your approval. 
> 
• Thank You, 
> Rich 
> 
• Richard Iarossi 
> Assistant vice President 
> 
• Deutsche Bank wealth management 
> 345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
> Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077226 
SDNY_GM_00223410 
EFTA01379605

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379606.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Daily Deposit Report 20181006 
ACCT 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/05/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
EFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,410,630.11 
NCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
LI RASHID 
D 
523,126.04 
TI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
775,000.00 
ERON WANEK 
D 
.00 
HARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
HE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,874,587.10 
HE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
165,640.99 
HE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
208,785.94 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
545,849.36 
UTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,187,706.86 
EPTUNE, LLC 
D 
366,419.36 
PERION AIR, LLC 
D 
147,203.75 
LAN D, LLC 
219,104.72 
EGE, LLC 
D 
255,684.99 
ARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
181,268.80 
ES, LLC 
132,582.80 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
553,005.07 
RATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,025,366.25 
L000-HORSE LLC 
D 
253,267.08 
ORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
124,300.22 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
197,882.14 
HE HAZE TRUST 
D 
2,503,667.84 
ANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
TI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
TI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
HARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
HARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
TI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
HARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
CIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
217,995.84 
UTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
2,470,113.49 
UTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
705,802.21 
RATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
314,162.94 
RW 2009 LLC 
M 
.00 
EW 2009 LLC 
M 
.00 
ARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,754.26 
HE HAZE TRUST 
D 
12,690,279.36 
OUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
1,536,739.37 
UTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
103,227.37 
ODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
10,872,164.00 
SW 2007 LLC 
D 
348,784.44 
F 2007 LLC 
D 
311,852.71 
RW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,012,558.27 
EW 2007 LLC 
1,012,804.68 
HARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
2,908,413.63 
TI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
D 
100,316.93 
CODE 
82289 
10/05/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
ANEK TRUST OF 2000 
EW 2009 LLC 
HE 2017 CATERPILLAR 
TEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
ITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
20,671,198.45 
D 
3,817,987.06 
TRUST 
D 
13,568,129.07 
D 
100,442.77 
D 
100,442.77 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077228 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223412 
EFTA01379606

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379607.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAR M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,442.77 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,244.33 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
ssw 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
3,750,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
302,105.76 
ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
500,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
1,000,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
10/05/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT IF 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
T000 R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
200,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
250,000.00 
250,000.00 
500,000.00 
500,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077229 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223413 
EFTA01379607

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379608.pdf
----------------------------------------
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,003,698.63 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077230 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223414 
EFTA01379608

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379609.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osullivan 
Sent: 
10/1.1/2018 3:30:44 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Martin Zeman I 
I; Zbynek Kozelsky I 
I; Ian Salters 
Subject: 
Butterfly Trust IC) 
Classification: Confidential 
I discussed the below with Ziggy, Ian and Martin. 
We propose that the Butterfly Trust is opened with the KCP team. We will open the account under the N4G prefix. We 
will request a new CA number for Martin Zeman that will be used to separate Butterfly Trust from accounts that have 
signed KCP packages on file. Martin will sign a quarterly attestation that the account is not being offered KCP products. 
Kind regards, 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Liam O'Sullivan 
AVP I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 10154.0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
KCP products and services am intended and available only for persons who am sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FlIVFtA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies. characteristics and investment risks of. and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating. the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of OBS? or its affiliates prior to 
execution. and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only. and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information end for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (m whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DB& or any 
of its affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077231 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223415 
EFTA01379609

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379610.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
11/18/201511:38:55 AM 
To: 
Paul Morris (paul.morris@db.com] 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Daniel Sabba 
Ariane Dwyer 
Subject: 
RE: III 
Classification: For internal use only 
FYI, I'm just waiting on Coco info. Analyst said we should have in - 1hr. 
Will send email to JEE afterwards. 
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: Wednesday, November 18, 2015 9:17 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield; Daniel Sabba; Ariane Dwyer 
Subject: RE: [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Thanks give us a call when you free up 
Paul morns 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Tuesday, November 17, 2015 5:43 PM 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield; Daniel Sabba; Ariane Dwyer 
Subject: RE: [I] 
Classification: For Intentsl use only 
Paul — as discussed, please find a list of relevant ideas for Southern Financial on the back of the client's ask below. The 
CB&S desk analyst looking at CoCos will be sending us a few specific issues in the morning, which we will send along to 
you once available. In addition to Petrobras, I've attached a piece with top AWM Fixed Income ideas — pgs. 33-44 are 
specific to top HY ideas. We can highlight the most relevant ideas - planning on speaking to the desk tomorrow. 
Give us a call if you have questions. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
1) 
Buy Petrobras '17s. Rationale: 
• 
Since May 2015, Petrobras 10yr spreads have widened by - 400bps and in September S&P downgraded 
Petrobras to BB 
• 
In October, domestic fuel prices increased and Petrobras announced significant capex and opex cuts for 2015 
and 2016. These can be seen as positive signs for the company's future, but may not mitigate its large long term funding 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077232 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223416 
EFTA01379610

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379611.pdf
----------------------------------------
gap: Petrobras will need to roll $60bn and $104bn of debt maturities in the next four and nine years respectively and 
sovereign support is not guaranteed 
• 
DB's Brazil credit analyst believes that the company can meet its short term debt maturities through 2017 
without resorting to direct support from the government. DB has revised its forecasts and has upgraded the 3.25% and 
3.5% '17s to a Buy rating (please find attached DB Research report). The bonds are currently yielding 7.06% and 7.10% 
respectively 
• 
Petrobras is one of the largest integrated oil companies worldwide and aims to be one of top 5 globally by 2030 
Indicative Terms (as of 11/17/2015): 
Client buys 
PETBRA 3.250% Notes '17 
Maturity 
03/17/2017 
Amount O/S 
$1.6bn 
Rating 
Ba2 / BB / BBB- (Mdy/S&P/Fitch) 
Price 
95.25 
Mid Yield 
7.06% 
Client buys 
PETBRA 3.500% Notes '17 
Maturity 
02/06/2017 
Amount O/S 
$1.75bn 
Rating 
Ba2 / BB / BBB- (Mdy/S&P/Fitch) 
Price 
95.875 
Mid Yield 
7.10% 
2) 
As you already know, Och Ziff is coming to market with a new issue CLO, OZLM XIV. The desk is hoping to price 
ahead of the Thanksgiving holiday, for settlement in December. 
I've attached the manager pitchbook, but please also find a few high-level bullet points: 
• 
Och Ziff is a leading institutional asset manager with $46.1bn in AUM, established investment capability in all 
major markets and strong international presence with eight global offices 
• 
launched in May 2012, Institutional Credit Strategies (ICS), is Och-Ziff's asset management platform that 
investments in performing credit via CLOs and other customized solutions for clients 
• 
The ICS team is lead by the US portfolio manager, Donald Young, and the European portfolio manager, Adeel 
Shafiqullah. Together they source and execute investment ideas across a broad range of sectors, industries, and regions 
• 
This group has successfully closed 13 U.S. CLOs with a total transaction value of - $7bn 
• 
OZLM XIV is anticipated to close mid/late December 
• 
Indicative pricing table: 
A•1 Notes 
A-2 Notes 
B Notes 
C Notes 
D Notes 
Tr` 
[Aaa]/[A.AA] 
[318,750,000] 
[6.1] 
L + [1.57)% 
L + [1.57]% 
Par 
[Aa21/[AA1 
[61,500,000] 
[7.8] 
L + [2.301% 
L + [2.301% 
Par 
[A21/(A) 
[25,750,000] 
[8.5] 
L + [3.15)% 
L + [3.201% 
Par 
(Baa31/1BE3B1 
[30,250,000] 
[9.1] 
L + [4.35]% 
L + [4.851% 
Mid 90s 
[Ba31/[BB] 
[23,750,000] 
[9.7] 
L + [6.351% 
L + [7.851% 
High 90s 
NR 
[47,670,000] 
N/A 
N/A 
L + mid teens 
3) 
Per your request, please find a run of bank $1000 bank preferreds: 
Nxt Call B Px A Px B YTC B CUR Floats Notes 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077233 
SDNY_GM_00223417 
EFTA01379611

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379612.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
10/11/2018 4:16:09 PM 
To: 
Kimberly Har 
Subject: 
FW: Butterfly Trust [C] 
Kim, 
I'd like to keep coverage of this account with the KCP brokerage team since they understand how the client likes to 
trade. The account will most likely trade cash equities and bonds, and it will be straightforward to ensure that they do 
not engage in any non-suitable products. Please let me know how to get this to the right place. We have new account 
dots back from the client and are ready to do the onboarding pending resolution here. 
Thanks 
From: Liam Osullivan 
Sent: Thursday, October 11, 2018 3:31 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Martin Zeman 
Subject: Butterfly Trust [C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Zbynek Kozelsk 
Ian Salters 
I discussed the below with Ziggy, Ian and Martin. 
We propose that the Butterfly Trust is opened with the KCP team. We will open the account under the N4G prefix. We 
will request a new CA number for Martin Zeman that will be used to separate Butterfly Trust from accounts that have 
signed KCP packages on file. Martin will sign a quarterly attestation that the account is not being offered KCP products. 
Kind regards, 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Liam O'Sullivan 
AVP I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
w York. NY, USA 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINR,A 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies. characteristics and investment risks of and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating. the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of D8Sl or its affiliates prior to 
execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters dscussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction andror redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of CBS! or any 
Wits affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077236 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223420 
EFTA01379612

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379613.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Gillin 
Sent: 
10/12/2018 11:43:12 AM 
To: 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Stewart Oldfielda. 
CC: 
Richard larossi 
Mayur Rathod [ 
.
Subject: 
RE: Assistance required in resolving Rejection Points • KYC 01977695 [I] 
Attachments: Zorro Sept 2018 Bank stmt.pdf; P8 LTA.PDF; PB ID.PDF 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Vijay. 
Paul Barrett should be added to the KYC - ID and SS# attached. 
See attached bank statement for Zorro. 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, October 12, 2018 4:11 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
>; Bradley Gillin 
Cc: Richard larossi • ' ' 
' • 
" 
I>; Mayur Rathod 
Subject: RE: Assistance required in resolving Rejection Points - KYC 01977695 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
Many thanks for the confirmation, we look forward to the documentation regarding the case dismissal which should 
help in resolving the rejection point below. Below two are the remaining pending items - 
1) Please provide documentation that evidences signing authority for - Southern Trust Company Inc - N4G023812 - DBSI. 
(KG - UNRESOLVED. After reviewing this account in NetEx, it seems that Paul S Barrett is was added as an LPOA. Please 
add him and provide the appropriate research etc.) — Kindly advise on this? Does Paul Barrett really need to be added? 
He was not added in previously approved cases. Kindly provide supporting documentation if your answer is yes. 
2) Please provide proof of address for Zorro Management LLC? (KG — UNRESOLVED. Please provide independent proof) —
Please advise if ok to use DB bank statement as 'independent' proof of address or provide any alternative relevant doc, 
if available. They are not accepting address verification from the LLC Agreement for this entity. 
Kind Regards, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077237 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223421 
EFTA01379613

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379614.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CUB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbal - 400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, October 12, 2018 3:41 AM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
; Bradley Gillin 
Cc: Richard larossi 
; Mayur Rathod 
Subject: RE: Assistance required in resolving Rejection Points • KYC 01977695 
I understand that this lawsuit was frivolous and has been dismissed. Will get some documentation so you can close all 
of these out and complete the KYCs. If there's anything else we still need to do that, let us know. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2018 9:48 AM 
To: Bradley Gillin <a; 
Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Richard larossi 
Ell==>; 
Mayur Rathod < 
Subject: RE: Assistance required in resolving Rejection Points - KYC 01977695 
Hi Brad, 
As discussed, please refer to attached research report Pg 89 which indicates $1BN lawsuit against Jeffrey by Gerber, Et 
Al. 
Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CUB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Si, DB Centre Mumbal, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Monday, October 08, 2018 4:00 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin 
Stewart Oldfield 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077238 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223422 
EFTA01379614

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379615.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Richard larossi 
Mayur Rathod
Subject: Assistance required in resolving Rejection Points - 
Good Morning Brad/Stewart, 
We require your assistance today in resolving below rejection points — 
Relationship: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY RELATIONSHIP Customer Name: Epstein, Jeffrey E. 
Customer Number: 
Reason for Rejection: 
1) Please provide documentation that evidences signing authority for - Southern Trust Company Inc 
DBSI. 
(KG — UNRESOLVED. After reviewing this account in NetEx, it seems that Paul S Barrett is was added as an LPOA. Please 
add him and provide the appropriate research etc.) — Kindly advise on this? Does Paul Barrett really need to be added? 
He was not added in previously approved cases. Kindly provide supporting documentation if your answer is yes. 
2) Please provide proof of address for Zorro Management LLC? (KG — UNRESOLVED. Please provide independent proof) —
Please advise if ok to use DB bank statement as 'independent' proof of address or provide any alternative relevant doc, 
if available. They are not accepting address verification from the LLC Agreement for this entity. 
4) Please address the "Gerber Et Al V. The Financial Trust Company Et Al" lawsuit under Jeffrey Epsteins research. (KG —
UNRESOLVED. As per the email from Kim Hart, the conditional approval was based on "so long as nothing further is 
identified through KYC and AML client adoptions". The below is what this lawsuit is about. Please have the business 
escalate to Kim Hart to see if this poses any further risk and may need to be captured: - Please provide this 
Investors Claim Jeffrey Epstein Built $473M Ponzi Scheme: Shareholders filed a putative class action against financier, 
billionaire and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein in New York federal court on Tuesday for his alleged role in 
developing and executing a $473 million Ponzi scheme for which Steven Hoffenberg was convicted in 1997. 
We look forward to your responses so we can submit this rejection case accordingly, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CUB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077239 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223423 
EFTA01379615

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379616.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Deutsche 
Donk Trust Co. Americas 
345 Park Avenue - NYC20-0102 
Na' York. NY 10154 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT. LLC 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER. B3 
ST. THOMAS: USVI 00802 
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
September 
I. 2018 to September 
30. 2018 
Summary or Account Ltalancets) 
Accouni 
Account Number 
Balance 
For personal 
assistance 
call: 
Stewart Oldlield 
Enclosures 
Balance 
lkisinesN Clic, I. itiv 
42.966.807 
$249,210.45 
Beginning 
Balance as of September 
I, 2018 
S400,660.59 
IN:posits 
and 
/thin Credits 
5800.00 
Check. Paid 
(52,423.85 ) 
Al:1i and Dant Card Withdrawals 
50.00 
Service Charges and Other Fees 
$0.00 
Other Debits 
(5121.293 14 ) 
Ending Balance as of September 
30. 2018 
Transaction 
Detail 
Date 
Description 
Debit 
$249,210.45 
Credit 
Begraning Balance as of Septmber 
1. 2018 
5400.660.59 
09-04 
Check 
1043 
(314.25 ) 
400,346.34 
09-06 
a Outgoing Money "fmsf 
TO WELLSFAR00 BANK. NA NC 41215171 
UNIVERSAL CONSTRUCTORS. INC 
(99.722.66 ) 
300,623.68 
09-07 
# Preauthorized 
Debit 
101021000027572264 
ADP - FEES ADP PAYROLL FEES 
(56.04 ) 
300,567.64 
09-12 
# Elecuenic Bill Pay 
EDKCP960 WELLSFARGO CARD S 
1336584 
(12,945.06 ) 
287,622.58 
09.12 
ft Eketrook Bill Pay 
(9,178.68 ) 
278,443.90 
VBLCE9GG WELLSFARGO CARD S 
1336584 
All items we credited subject to final collection and receipt of proceeds 
in cash or by unconditional 
credit to and accepted by Deutsche 
Bank Trust 
42966807 
I of 4 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077240 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223424 
EFTA01379616

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379617.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Date 
Description 
Debit 
Credit 
Balance 
09-13 
# Preauthorized 
Debit 
101021000028498026 
ADP Tax ADP Tax 
(1,374.31 ) 
277,069.59 
09-13 
a Preauthorized 
Debit 
101021000028498206 
WAGE PAY ADP WAGE PAY 
(4.350.29 ) 
272.719.30 
09-18 
g Electronic Bill Pay 
1BPC391.7 WEDS FARGO CARD S 
1339083 
(6.409.41 ) 
266.309.89 
09-18 
*Cash Mgmt Tar Dr 
REF 2611256L FUNDS TRANSFER TO 
DEP 42967439 FROM 
(10,000.00 ) 
256309.89 
09-18 
Check 
1044 
(2.109.60 ) 
254.200.29 
09.21 
# Deposit 
0150000610 
800.00 
255.000.29 
09-21 
# Runde:razed 
Debit 
101021000020120280 
ADP - FEES ADP PAYROLL FEES 
(56.04 ) 
254,944.25 
09.26 
# Preauthorized 
Debit 
101021000021219299 
WAGE PAY ADP WAGE PAY 
(4,342.37 ) 
250,601.88 
09-26 
a Preauthorized 
Debit 
101091000011351080 
ADP Tax ADP Tax 
(1.391.43 ) 
249.210.45 
Ending Balance as of September 
30. 2018 
(152.250.14 ) 
5800.00 
5249.210.45 
Checks Paid 
Number 
❑ate 
Amount 
Number 
❑ate 
Amoitrii 
Rite 
.Mount 
1043 
09-04 
31425 
1044 
09-18 
2.109 60 
Deposits and Other Credits 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
09-21 
1)eposit 
5800.00 
Service Charges and Other Fees 
Total NSF rettrn item fees for this statement 
period 
S000 
Total NSF return 
item Ice; for this calendar 
war 
50.00 
Total Os admit 
fees for thin slab:M.:Ill 
period 
9100 
Total Os odrall 
Icc. lor this calendar 
scar 
WOO 
Other Debits 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
09-06 
Outgoing Money Tmsf 
(599.722.66 ) 
09-07 
Preainhorized 
Debit 
(mos ) 
09-13 
Preauthorized 
Debit 
(51.374.31 ) 
09-13 
Preauthorized 
Debit 
(5L35029 ) 
0948 
Cash Mgmt Ttsfr Dr 
(510,000.00 ) 
09-21 
Prcauthorized 
Debit 
($56.04 ) 
09-26 
',reauthorized 
Debit 
(54.342.37 ) 
All items are credited subject 
to final collection 
and receipt of motet& in cash or by unconditional 
credit to and accepted by Deutsche 
Bank Trust 
of 4 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223425 
DB-SDNY-0077241 
EFTA01379617

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379618.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Date 
Description 
Amount 
09-26 
Preauthorized 
Debit 
(54391.43 ) 
All items are credited subject 
to final collection 
and receipt of proceed% 
in cash or by unconditional 
credit to and accepted by Deutsche 
Bank Trust 
of 4 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077242 
SDNY_GM_00223426 
EFTA01379618

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379619.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
In Case of Errors or Questions 
I. El ttronic Funds Transfers 
Telephone 
us at 1.866.362.4796, 
or write to us at Deutsche 
Bank That Company 
Americas. 
345 Park Avenue, WM Banking Team • 
NYC20-0102. 
New York. New York 10154 as soon as you can. if you think your statement 
or receipt is wrong or if you need more 
information 
about a transfer 
listed on the statement 
or receipt. 
We MUST hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the 
FIRST statement 
on which the error or problem 
appeared. 
• Tell us vow name and account 
number 
- Describe the error or transfer 
you arc urisurc 
about. and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an error or why you 
nand more information 
- Tell us the dollar amount 
of the suspected 
error 
Please note that if you initially provide the above information 
to us via telephone, 
we may require 
that you send your complaint 
or 
inquiry in writing within 10 business 
days. 
We will investigate 
your complaint 
and will correct any error promptly. 
If we take more than 10 business 
days (or 20 business 
days for 
new accounts) 
to do this. we will provisionally 
credit your account 
for the amount 
you think is in error, so that you will have the use of 
the money dining the time it takes us to complete 
our investigation. 
At the conclusion of our investigation. 
we will inform you of our 
results. 
2. Non-Electronic 
Funk Transfers 
Contact the Bank immediately 
at 1-866-362-4796 
if your statement 
is incurred 
or if you need more information 
about any non-electronie 
funds transactions 
(cheeks or deposits) on this statement. 
If any such error appears, 
you must notify the Bank in writing no later than 
days alter the statement 
was made available to you. Please see your Terms and Conditions 
for further 
information 
on the terms 
governing 
your aceOunt. 
3. Verifying Prcauthorized 
Credits 
If you have arranged 
to have direct deposits 
made to your account 
at least once every 60 days from the same person or company, 
you 
can telephone 
us at 1.866-362.4796 
to find out %shatter 
the deposit 
has been made. 
Deutsche 
B.wnk Trust Company 
Americas. Member FDIC 
ot.t.Si 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077243 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223427 
EFTA01379619

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379620.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Trading Authorization Lin-plied to Purchases and 
Sales of Securities 
Account Number 
Account Name . 
• • 
• 
The undersigned hereby authorizes 
. 
• 
(whose signature 
appears below) as his or her agent and attorney in fact to buy. sell (including short sales) and trade in stOGICS. bonds, 
and any other securities and/Or contracts relating to the same on margin or OO14NWESO in accordance with your terms 
and conditions for the undersigned's account and risk and in the undersigned's names. or number on your books The 
undersigned hereby agrees to indemnify and hold you harmless from and to pay you promptly on demand any 
and all losses arising therefrom or debit balance due thereon. 
In all such purchases, sales or trades you are authorized to follow the instructions of the aforesaid agent in every respect 
concerning the undersigned's account with you; and s/he is authorized to act for the undersigned and in the undersigned's 
behalf in the same manner and with the same force and el lect as the undersigned might or could do with respect to such 
purchases, sales or trades as well as with respect to all other things necessary Or incidental to the furtherance or conduct of 
such purchases, sales Or trades. 
The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms any and all transactions with you heretofore or hereafter made by the 
aforesaid agent or for the undersigned's account. 
This authorization and indemnity is in addition to (and in no way limits or restricts) any rights which you may have under any 
other agreement or agreements between the undersigned and your firm, 
This authorization and indemnity is also a Continuing one and shall remain in full force and effect until revoked by the 
undersigned by a written notice addressed to you and delivered to the Branch office of the Client Advisor whose signature 
appears below, but such revocation shall not affect any liability in any way resulting from transactions initiated prior to such 
revocation. This authorization and indemnity shall inure to the benefit of your present firm and of any successor firm or firms 
irrespective of any change or changes at any time in the personnel thereof for any cause whatsoever, and of the assigns of 
your present firm or any successor firm. 
As used herein. "you" and "your" refers to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Dare 
Ann Name 
\< 
City 
Agents:bra of q3:01 
, 
. 
Stratum or Aurhotato Agent 
:134844 Sitostieki . 
too 
Date qixo/ )9 
QS 
•Ilnaki,O00 Glen AUytir
Data 
'.1"/ 
/17 0/
1/2
47q
.
Approved w 
Deutsche Bank Securitir Inc.ja ubsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. conducts securities activities in the United States. 
hit
O 2016 otesc 
ne AG All rights tOIONtla W0.4168335 006409 112516 
.\ 
I
Stave 
I ()Ci f 1 
ap 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077244 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223428 
EFTA01379620

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379621.pdf
----------------------------------------
is
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077245 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223429 
EFTA01379621

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379622.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379622.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
10/24/2018 9:49:33 AM 
To: 
Bradley Giffin 
Richard larossi 
Subject: 
RE: Assistance required in resolving points - KYC 
Let's get a list of things we need confirmed by JE's team and set up a call with Rich Kahn. He knows we're plowing 
through all of this remediation. 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Wednesday, October 24, 2018 9:44 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Fwd: Assistance required in resolving points - KYC 
Regards, 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Alka Babu" 
To: "Bradley Gitlin' 
"Richard larossi' 
Cc: "Vinita Advani" 
"Vijay-A Sawant' 
Subject: Assistance required in resolving points - KYC 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Brad, 
We had a rejection for the captioned KYC for accounts The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3, 
The Haze Trust, NES, LLC, Plan D, LLC 
We need your inputs on the points highlighted in red. 
Case #: 01977694 
Relationship: SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP Customer Name: The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Insurance Trust #3 Customer Number 
Reason for Rejection:10/19/2018 - Rejection 
Points: 
1. Please provide evidence of or a case comment regarding confirmation from the client that the 
information on the KYC is still accurate (i.e. ownership structure, signatories, etc. have not changed). 
The comment must include the name of the person spoken with and date this conversation occurred. 
(The attached internal email does not meet this requirement.) — Have attached the no material 
confirmation received by you for your reference, however we need more info as per the rejection 
point. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077246 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223430 
EFTA01379622

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379623.pdf
----------------------------------------
3. Andrew Gallivan's approval is not dated on the KYC. — Please advise Andrew Gallivan to input the 
approval date in the case. 
a. 
5. The nature of business narrative for NES LLC states the entity was formed to take care of the 
expenses associated with running one of Jeffrey's homes. However, the KYC states the purpose of its 
DDA account is to pay for costs associated with Jeffrey's airplanes. Please review and ensure that 
information is consistent. I had taken the nature of business from the customer page of NES LLC which 
states "NES, LLC was formed to take care of the expenses associated with running one of 
Jeffrey Epstein's homes" and the purpose of the account that you had provided states "This is a 
simple checking account for pay for costs associated for Jeffrey Epstein's airplants". Please assist us as this 
seems to be inconsistent by the checker. 
6. The Haze Trust: 
f. Brokerage account: The signatories identified on the KYC are not consistent with the parties 
listed in NetX. Darren is the only individual tagged as a signatory on the KYC. Please ensure that the KYC 
is updated to include all authorized parties for the brokerage account and required information and 
documentation (including research). — Kindly provide this as we do not have access to NetX. 
11. Plan D LLC: 
b. Nature of business: Please confirm. Equipment rental/leasing is listed as the industry for this 
entity on the Dunn & Bradstreet report (within the due diligence searches). If this is accurate, the KYC 
should reflect this information. — We need your assistance on the accuracy on Customer page of Plan D 
LLC mentions "LLC created to hold funds to pay for costs associated with one of Jeffrey Epstein's 
planes" and search states "Equipment rental/leasing" in the SIC codes (research is attached for your 
quick reference) 
c. Please identify the legal reps and update the entity details page to reflect this 
information. The Operating Agreement states the company is manager-managed. An individual named 
Lawrence Visoski is identified as the initial manager. Is he still the manager of the company? Legal reps 
must be identified, verified, and added as parties to the KYC. Diligence searches are also required for 
legal reps. - We need your assistance on the status of Lawrence Visoski. 
Kind regards, 
Alka Babu 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CM Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbal • 400063, India 
=IL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077247 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223431 
EFTA01379623

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379624.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bari( Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/thsclosures for additional EU 
corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077250 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223434 
EFTA01379624

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379625.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077251 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223435 
EFTA01379625

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379626.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: 
11/5/2018 9:03:35 AM 
To: 
Alka Babu 
CC: 
Ma ur Rathod 
Vi'a -A Sawan 
; Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
RE: Hyperion Air LLC - KYC (I) 
Importance: 
High 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Both were previously answered. 
Lawrence is not a signer (as per my email below). he is a legal rep. 
We spoke to the family office on Nov 1 to confirm no material changes. 
Regards. 
Brad 
From: Alka Babu 
Sent: Monday, November 05, 2018 7:43 AM 
To: Bradley Gillin 
Cc: Ma ur Rathod 
Subject: RE: Hyperion Air LLC - KYC 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Vinita Advani 
: Richard larossi 
Vinita Advani 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Brad, 
Thank you for the attachment (ID for Lawrence Visoski) you forwarded. 
Now the only remaining ones for this case are as below. Please refer to the font in black as that is the rejection points : 
• 
Please provide evidence of or a case comment regarding confirmation from the client that the information on 
the KYC is still accurate (i.e. ownership structure, signatories, etc. have not changed). The comment must include the 
name of the person spoken with and date this conversation occurred. (The attached internal email does not meet this 
requirement.) — No material confirmation email was attached to the KYC but will not suffice as per AFC. They need 
evidence of client (person) & date +confirming no material changes. 
• 
Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) for the brokerage account of 1. Epstein 
Virgin Islands Foundation In., granting signing auth for Erika Kellerhals. — Will need DB Corporate Resolution for this 
brokerage account 
Kind regards, 
Alka Babu 
INC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077252 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223436 
EFTA01379626

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379627.pdf
----------------------------------------
Goregaon East. Mumbai - 400063 India 
Tel. *91(22)6181-2610 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Monday, November 05, 2018 11:25 AM 
To: Alka Babu 
Subject: FW: Hyperion Air LIC - KYC [fi 
Importance: High 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Friday, November 02, 2018 10:43 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield iimillinnimr; 
Richard larossi 
Subject: Hyperion Air LLC - KYC [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Vijay. 
See below. 
(4) Operating Agreement for Hyperion Air LLC indicates the company is manager-managed and the initial manager was Lawrence 
Visoski. Is he still manager? Please provide evidence of the current management for this entity. - Please provide evidence confirming 
if Lawrence Visoski is still the initial manager at Hyperion Air LLC. We hzn re-checked the repositories and didn't find anything for 
this. 
o 
Add as RP (legal rep): 
• 
See Attached Passport 
• 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
New York NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077253 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223437 
EFTA01379627

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379628.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
11/5/2018 9:59:41 AM 
To: 
Thomas Klemm 
CC: 
Andrew Gallivan 
Emily Craig 
Daphne Cales 
BCC: 
Subject: 
RE: Open 2018 HR KYCs 
Thanks, and I greatly appreciate your help. We should discuss this one in person. A brief summary of the issue is below: 
Gratitude America is a foundation, set up by Jeffrey Epstein to help some of his clients with tax planning 
One of his clients made a large donation to the foundation several years ago which is now being deemed SOW for 
Gratitude 
That client is actually one of our clients, with a current KYC, but made the donation through an entity which we have not 
KYC'd 
While we know who the end client is, we are not sure whether Jeffrey or the client want to formally disclose that info to 
us 
They are in discussions with the goal of coming back to us by Nov. 15th 
From: Thomas Klemm 
Sent: Monday, November 05 2018 9:53 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfiel 
Cc: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: Open 2018 HR KYCs 
Dear Stewart, 
Emily Craig 
Daphne Cales 
First, let me thank you for your ongoing efforts to address our HR KYC challenge. Demonstrating our ability to protect 
the franchise and bring the Americas in line with all other WM regions is pivotal for our growth strategy. For the first 
time we have a line of sight to closing the year at zero HR overdues. Let me add that it requires AFC approval to count a 
HR file as completed. 
For the following clients of yours, the project team has been informed that the client will either not provide the relevant 
information by 15 November or did not commit to a due date. Given that the bank would not be in a position to 
continue business with those clients unless the KYC gets completed, those clients will receive an exit letter after 15 Nov 
(DBTCA draft attached). 
If the missing information will be provided in time, those names will of course be removed from the list. Otherwise a 
letter must be send. 
If the client has already provided the information and the list below would not be up-to-date, please reach out to Emily 
Craig or Daphne and please ensure that the file we be handed over to AFC in time. Please feel also free to contact me if 
need be. 
Kind regards, 
Thomas 
Stewart Oldfield 
Gratitude America Ltd 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077254 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223438 
EFTA01379628

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379629.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thomas Klemm 
Global Head of Digital and COO WM Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Deutsche Rini-
Flo. 4' 24. (.1111cv 2427 
345 Pad: Avenue. N.,-”; Vt41,.. NY 10153. USA 
deuisckwatii.corn
#Positivelmpact 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077255 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223439 
EFTA01379629

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379630.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Daniel Sabba 
11/19/2015 7:09:32 AM 
'Jeffrey E.' neevacation@gmaiLcomj; Vahe Stepanian 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
RE: (No Subject) 
; Stewart Oldfield 
;'Richard Kahn' 
Ok. Will look into it and revert. Two question: 
1. What expires would you like to focus on? 
2. Please confirm you meant long put, short call with equal premiums when you wrote zero cost put strategies. 
Thanks 
----Original Message---
From: Jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, November 19, 2015 03:35 AM Pacific Standard Time 
To: Daniel Sabba; Vahe Stepanian; Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
we should look at zero cost put strategies, on the dow or s and p. . . if there is a terrorist incident the market 
will drop 1000 points in an hour.. maybe one touch options 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationeamail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077258 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223442 
EFTA01379630

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379631.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
11/13/201810:14:34 AM 
To: 
Emily Craig 
Subject: 
FW: Gratitude 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, November 13, 2018 10:14 AM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant < 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Gratitude 
Emily Craig will mark this as "pending exclusion" for now. In the meantime, please add a case note with the latest 
update: 
Stewart last spoke to Rich Kahn on Nov. 8th and told him that if we do not have clarity on whether we will get KYC info 
for the primary donor to Gratitude, we will begin proceedings to exit the account' 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, November 02, 2018 1:19 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Gratitude 
Importance: High 
Many thanks for the update, Stewart!! 
We will update our records accordingly. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche Cl8 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbai 400063 , India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 9:37 PM 
To: Mayur Rathod <ma ,ur.rathod@c1b.corn>
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Vinita Advani 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077259 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223443 
EFTA01379631

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379632.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vijay-A Sawant 
>; Daphne Cales ‹
> 
Subject: Gratitude 
Client hopes to have an answer on Gratitude by Nov. 15th. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:35 AM 
To: Mayur Rathod cla 
Cc: Richard larossi 
; Bradley Gillin 
Vinita Advani 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [II 
No update on Gratitude. I expect to have one today 
From: Mayur Rathod 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:34 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Richard larossi 
; Bradley Gillin 
; Vinita Advani 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [II 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Stew, 
We did get LPOA for Paul Barrett, but for other accounts. 
We have it now for J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc. — highlighted in GREEN below. All the other rejection items 
are pending. 
Also, do we have an update on Gratitude America Ltd. — are client willing to provide the documents for BV70 LLC — a 
significant donor in this KYC, or are they going to close the account. Please confirm. 
Kindly assist with the below. 
Thanks in advance. 
Regards 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1, B1, DB Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077260 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223444 
EFTA01379632

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379633.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, October 31 2018 6:46 PM 
To: Mayur Rathod 
Cc: Richard larossi 
Bradley Gillin 
Vinita Advani 
Vijay-A Sawan 
Subject: Re: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [I] 
Pretty sure we have already provided some of these. I still need to talk to the client about the remaining items. Have 
been away for 3 days in sales training with Brad, hope to call client today or tmw. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
MEI 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 9:13 AM, Mayur Rathod 
wrote: 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Rich, 
Hope all is well. 
Following up on the below email sent by Vijay regarding pending rejection items. 
Do we have any update on the same. 
Thanks & Regards 
<image001.gif> 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1, 81, 08 Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowled e Park Western Ex• ress Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063, India 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, October 26, 2018 2:37 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Richard laross 
• Alka Babu 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077261 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223445 
EFTA01379633

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379634.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mayur Rathod 
Vinita Advani c
> 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
For Hyperion LLC and .1 Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc in rejected KYC a. 
we require the 
following items mentioned in red fonts — 
(3) Please provide evidence of or a case comment regarding confirmation from the client that the 
information on the KYC is still accurate (i.e. ownership structure, signatories, etc. have not changed). 
The comment must include the name of the person spoken with and date this conversation occurred. 
(The attached internal email does not meet this requirement.) — No material confirmation email was 
attached to the KYC but will not suffice as per AFC. They need evidence of client (person) & date 
+confirming no material changes. 
(4) Operating Agreement for Hyperion Air LLC indicates the company is manager-managed and the initial 
manager was Lawrence Visoski. Is he still manager? Please provide evidence of the current management 
for this entity. — Please provide evidence confirming if Lawrence Visoski is still the initial manager at 
Hyperion Air LLC. We have re-checked the repositories and didn't find anything for this. 
(6) Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) for the brokerage account of J. 
Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation In., grantin si ning auth for Erika Kellerhals. — Will need DB Corporate 
Resolution for this brokerage account# 
(7) Per J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc brokerage account documents, Limited Trading Authority 
granted to Paul Barrett. Please add as party to the KYC with all appropriate documentation and 
research. Please help in, getting limited Trading Authority document for  Paul Barrett  for this account. 
For Mort Inc covered in rejected KYC Cased 
the following is the only pending rejection item - 
1. In addition to the provided source of wealth information, please provide info and narrative as to the 
source of funds that will be deposited into the account. — Please provide info on Jeffrey Epstein's source 
of funds. 
We look forward to the required dots & info. Thanking you in advance for all your help. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche GB Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore on East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077262 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223446 
EFTA01379634

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379635.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 11:32 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Bradley Gillin <ES; 
Richard larossi C. 
; Alka Babu 
 ; Mayur Rathod 
Vinita Advani 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
We've responded to many of these already. Please list only outstanding items in a single email. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 10:50 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield •
M= 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin MIIMIININIMa; 
Richard larossi 
Alka Babu 
Mayur Rathod < 
>; Vinita Advani 
Subject: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
As discussed, we are awaiting responses to attached emails. For Plan D, you have mentioned that you 
are reaching out to the client, so just awaiting feedback on that. 
Please note the resolution of above cases will lead to completion of ALL accounts from this relationship 
for 2018. 
For Jockey Club, I will respond in a separate email. 
Let us know if any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
NYC Case Representative 
Deutsche 08 Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077263 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223447 
EFTA01379635

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379636.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIM 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST 0i3 
TRUST AGREEMENT dated Novrinkt- I , 2007 between 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN (the "Grantor") and DARREN K. INDYKE and 
LAWRENCE NEWMAN (the "Trustees"). 
The Grantor states that he is a domiciliary of and resides in 
Little St. James Island, United States Virgin Islands. 
The Grantor hereby transfers to the Trustees the property 
described in Schedule A hereto, to be administered and disposed of as 
provided in this agreement. 
FIRST 
Until the death of the Grantor, and subject to article SECOND, 
the Trustees shall retain such property, IN TRUST, for the following 
purposes. 
(a) 
In the discretion of the Trustees, to pay any part or all of 
the income, if any, or principal (including any insurance policy which may 
be owned by the trust) to the Grantor's brother, MARK LAWRENCE. 
EPSTEIN. during the term of this trust. Any income not so paid shall 
annually be added to principal. 
(b) 
Upon the death of the Grantor, to dispose of the then 
remaining principal, if any, including any insurance proceeds or other 
414.114 ! 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077265 
SDNY_GM_00223449 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379636

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379637.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bark 
6O Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York. NY, USA 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 12:00AM 
To: Dimitra Manley 
Subject: FW: Epstein Insurance Trust [II 
Let's talk about this. 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Date: Thursday. Nov 15, 2018, 6:04 PM 
To: Yoonsun Chung 
>, Bradley Gillin ‹
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust Ill 
I think that is probably true. Realistically the value in the trust only comes when the grantor dies and the life 
insurance pays out. But in the meantime, we have $276.65 sitting in cash ... 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Thursday, November 15, 2018 5:55 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
>; Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust Ill 
Thank you. So a 
gets it after the grantor's death. Currently, the grantor would be the beneficiary. No? 
Yoonsun Chung 
Vice President I AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077266 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223450 
EFTA01379637

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379638.pdf
----------------------------------------
ILIEZUZIEEERFALLESTEIZILIMILIKANCITRUILI 
GRANTOR'S REVOCATION OF DESIGNATION OF SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES, 
WHEREAS, Jeffrey E. Epstein is the Grantor (the "Grantor) under the provisions 
of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 (the insurance Trusts), dated 
November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the Insurance 
Trust, designations of successor Trustees may be revoked in writing by the maker 
thereof at any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Article EIGHTH of the Insurance Trust, the Grantor 
originally designated Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustees 
under the Insurance Trust in the event that the current Trustees, Darren K Indyke and 
Lawrence Newman, cease for any reasons to act as Trustee; 
WHEREAS, both Darren K Indykc and Lawrence Newman are currently acting 
as Trustees and neither Eva Andersson Dubin nor Abigail S. Wenxer has qualified as 
Trustee; and 
WHEREAS, the Grantor desires by this instrument to revoke the designation of 
both Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the 
Insurance Trust the Grantor hereby revokes the Gratais 
esignation o 
th Eva 
Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as succ!Ksor Trustee 
the Insurance 
Trust. 
JEF
Y E. EP 
Date: December 
2012 
Receipt acknowledged b • 
DARREN K. INDYKE, Trustee 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
SIM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077268 
SDNY_GM_00223452 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379638

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379639.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Naveen, 
We are looking into it. 
Regards, 
PWMITUS Production Support 
Email : PVVMITUS.ProductionSu 
ort db.com 
DB ServiceNow URL : https://dbunity.cdo.tilobaLintranet.db.cominavpage.do 
Assignment Group: PWM IT US L2 
Escalation Contacts: 
First Level : 
From: Naveen Bagaria 
Sent: Monday, December 17, 2018 3:13 PM 
To: PWMITUS ProductionSu. ort 
Rishabh Sharma 
Stewart Oldfield 
Bradley Gillin 
c ar arossi 
u e 
: essage to ormat validation ::15050500, T: 02028698, A/C : 42953467 [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Team, 
An approval was provided at 11:45 am and now it is 03:11 pm EST, which is close to 3 /2  hours past with no action being 
taken on the below request, any reason why? 
Regards, 
Naveen Bagaria 
COO - Wealth Management Operations US 
D801 Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 tower • Evolve, 2nd Floor, Mahindra World City-SE2, Jaipur (RAJ) 302029, India 
Please send all Banking related queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
From: Shanu Gujaria 
Sent: Monday, December 17 2018 11:45 AM 
To: Rishabh Sharma 
Stewart Oldfield 
Bradley Gillin 
larossi <richard.iarossi@db.com>; PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Cc: 
Subject: 
: essage rn ormat va I ation ::1 
, : 
: 4 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077271 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223455 
EFTA01379639

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379640.pdf
----------------------------------------
Rishabh Sharma 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
Global Business Services 
A-1 & - 
hindra Technology Park. Inside Mahindra World City - SEZ. 302029 Jaipur. India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email
Please send all the Bankin. related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
From: Varun Goyal On Behalf Of swift fin 
Sent: Monday, December 17, 2018 11:32 AM 
To: swift fin < 
>; Don Delcher < 
>; Divya Rajawat < 
Processin 
; Naveen Bagaria 
>; Kathryn 1 Stanfield 
>; GTO-PWM-Banking Exception-Check-
Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
>; Kathryn J Stanfield 
Gaurav Bhargava <
>; Rishabh Sharma < 
> 
>; Ankit-Kumar Sharma 
>; 
>; Anil Tewani < 
>; GTO-PWM-Bankin Exce lion-Check-Processing 
Subject: Message in format validation ::1SOSOS00 
Hi Team, 
The below message failed due to format validation error in field 
We have cancelled the messages with no risk and responsibility on our part. 
Kindly take necessary action at your end. 
E103181217V2PDT1 
CREATION 17/12/2018 16:28:52 CREATED 
IMPORT 
UNIT 
17/12/2018 
UNIT 
ASSIGNMENT 16:29:11) 
ASSIGNED 
AMBKTPWM 
AMBKTPWM 
Unit assignment rule IMITASS-USPYMM-300 
FORMAT 17/12/201816:29:10 uNrr 
CHECK 
ASSIGNED 
Format validation error: 
Invalid /neer [firma: error at line 20: bad character 1.1 
QUEUE 
17/12/2018 16:29:10 
REJECTED 
V 0 
Vii 
REJECT-Q 
V 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077273 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223457 
EFTA01379640

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379641.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR 
REJECT 
42953467 - PLAN D, LLC 
cio HBRK Associates, Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue,4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED 
1:41%.)1C4 '414 
,10 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., NY 
NEW YORK 
NY 
nc 
DBA lielijet Solutions 
3700 Airport Road, Boca Raton FL 3 
:70:Account name: Global Jet Management 
Inc/DBA Helijet Solutions Reference 
: Invoice 1408 and 1413 
:71A:OUR 
Kind Regards, 
Global Messaging Operations (GMO) 
ROW 
MEIRPAIM 
IkrIMINNW 
SICKIXOM 
tr 
FAUT) 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Global Messaging Operations 
Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 16.24, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
Ops Messaging Hotline 
Kindly post all your queries to common inbox and for any urgent escalations, please contact the below; 
First Level Escalation 
Rijosh KC: 
Sunil Varghese: 
Anupam-A Kala: 
Second Level Escalation 
Abhishek S Mohan 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077274 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223458 
EFTA01379641

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379642.pdf
----------------------------------------
Visit GM0 at myDB GMO @ mvps 
Information about SWIFT at swift intranet at 08 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Privacy of communications 
In order to monitor compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and our policies, procedures and 
compliance programs, we may review emails and instant messages passing through our IT systems 
(including any personal data and customer information they contain), and record telephone calls 
routed via our telephone systems. We will only do so in accordance with local laws and regulations. In 
some countries please refer to your local DB website for a copy of our Privacy Policy. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077275 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223459 
EFTA01379642

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379643.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379643.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Giffin 
Sent: 
1/3/2019 5:29:08 PM 
To: 
Nicole Perskawiec 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
; Brigid Macias I 
Daphne Cales 
Subject: 
Fwd: Euros purchase account xi000i9691 
Hi Nicole, 
See below. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Brad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein ezz
> 
Date: January 3, 2019 at 4:30:01 PM EST 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Euros purchase account xxxxx9691 
Bred, 
We would like to purchase Euros. Please let us know what is the limit that we can order today 
and what is the purchase rate. 
Address for Fedex: 
HBRK Associates 
Bella Klein 
New York, NY 10022 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077277 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223461 
EFTA01379643

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379644.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
1/9/2019 1:35:23 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190109 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/08/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,446,660.37 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
784,212.74 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
747,130.13 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
336,420.04 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
937,016.85 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
192,492.47 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
144,646.94 
PLAN D, LLC 
619,078.98 
JEGE, LLC 
104,401.52 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
486,033.72 
NES, LLC 
312,304.19 
LSJE, LLC 
209,499.12 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,917,960.04 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
335,829.67 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
256,232.72 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
185,119.94 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
385,874.18 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
357,146.85 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
314,876.16 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,727,941.67 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
103,704.36 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
7,435,467.34 
SSW 2007 LLC 
100,991.51 
KWF 2007 LLC 
1,866,313.15 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,020,210.88 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,020,458.73 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
923,985.20 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
651,902.57 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
6,540,877.18 
CRW 2009 LLC 
2,082,807.07 
GEW 2009 LLC 
2,134,871.04 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
13,630,824.62 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
2,349,825.59 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/08/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT M 
NAME 
CAMERON WANEK 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
307,125.58 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
153,512.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
534,302.61 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077278 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223462 
EFTA01379644

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379645.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
103,524.42 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
534,302.61 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
153,512.31 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
407,207.62 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
534,302.61 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,220,488.24 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,754,744.37 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
350,795.11 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,002,778.08 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK 7TWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK 7TWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
01/08/19
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077279 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223463 
EFTA01379645

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379646.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn [ 
Sent: 
2/5/2019 4:19:04 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield [■ 
Subject: 
Re: account summary 
Let's talk Wednesday. Thank you. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Feb 4, 2019, at 4:05 PM, Stewart Oldfield < 
wrote: 
Shall we catch tmw or Wednesday? I'm around all week but out the next two after this. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn fmailt
]
Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2019 1:45 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: account summary 
yes lets talk early next week 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
FIBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jan 30, 2019, at 1:20 PM, Stewart Oldfield < 
Could you give me an update on your progress later this week or early next? 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2019 9:21 AM 
mailt• 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077281 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223465 
EFTA01379646

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379647.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: account summary 
Importance: High 
very helpful 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Jan 30, 2019, at 9:16 AM, Stewart Oldfield 
<M
p .> wrote: 
Rich, as discussed I've listed the entities we associate with Jeffrey's 
relationship here. We've closed some of these already, but helpful to 
have the full list I hope. Thanks 
Butterfly Trust 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Erika 
Kellerhals 
Darren L. Indyke 
PLLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
E. 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
JEGE. Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
JEGE, LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Plan D 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffre) 
Authorized Signer 
Harry 
Authorized Signer 
Darrel 
Prytanee, LLC 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffre) 
Authorized Signer 
Darrel 
Authorized Signer 
CaroIf 
Camill 
Authorized Signer 
Etienn 
Sinew 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223466 
DB-SDNY-0077282 
EFTA01379647

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379648.pdf
----------------------------------------
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Gratitude 
America Ltd 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
HBRK Associates 
Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Richard D. 
Kahn 
Hyprerion Air, 
LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
J. Epstein Virgin 
Islands 
Foundation, Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Jeepers, Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jean Anne 
Brennan 
Wiebracht 
JSC Interiors 
LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Richard Kahn 
Authorized 
Signer 
Authorized 
Signer 
ISJE LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Mort, Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Neptune, LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
NES. LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Southern Financial 
LLC 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffre) 
Authorized Signer 
Harry 
Authorized Signer 
Darrer 
Authorized Signer 
Jean A 
Wiebr 
Southern Trust 
Company, Inc 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrel 
Authorized Signer 
Darrel. 
Authorized Signer 
Jean A 
Wiebr 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. 
Epstein Insurance 
Trust #3 
Authorized Signer 
Darrer 
Authorized Signer 
Richar 
The 2017 Caterpillar 
Trust 
Authorized Signer 
Daphr 
Authorized Signer 
Lesley 
The Haze Trust 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrel 
Authorized Signer 
Darrel 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223467 
DB-SDNY-0077283 
EFTA01379648

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379649.pdf
----------------------------------------
Authorized 
Darren K. 
Jean A
Signer 
Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Wiebr 
Authorized Signer 
Harry 
Zorro Management, 
LLC 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffre)
Authorized Signer 
Darrel'
Authorized Signer 
Karen 
Authorized Signer 
Brice 
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU 
corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the 
information contained in this communication should not be 
regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077284 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223468 
EFTA01379649

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379650.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
2/12/2019 3:21:07 PM 
To: 
Yoonsun Chun 
BCC: 
Subject: 
Classification: Public 
RE: The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
Just tried calling you. I thought we remediated all of Jeffrey's accounts last year since they were high risk. 
We are offboarding him now, so moved anything for this year into the exclusion bucket. 
Thanks 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Tuesday, February 12, 2019 12:15 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
Classification: Public 
Hi, can you tell me the latest KYC for this client please? 
« OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) » 
Yoonsun Chung 
vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY 10154.0004 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077286 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223470 
EFTA01379650

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379651.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
2/14/2019 3:52:55 PM 
To: 
Brigid Macias 
Subject: 
Re: Bella & CO 
All of them. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Feb 14, 2019, at 12:34 PM, Brigid Macias < 
> wrote: 
Hi, 
Are we closing the Southern Financial Relationship (Jeffrey Epstein, Darren Indyke) accounts or just mist 
ones? 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
<I mage001 .png> 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077287 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223471 
EFTA01379651

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379652.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Ariane Dwyer 
Sent: 
12/7/2915 9:36:58 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Daniel Sabb. 
1; Paul Morris [ 
a e epanian 
Subject: 
RE: Dispersion Call Option {Cl 
Hi Rich, yes that is correct. 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto: 
Sent: Monday, December 07, 2015 9:23 AM 
To: Ariane Dwyer 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Paul Morris; Stewart Oldfield; Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: Re: Dispersion Call Option [C] 
please confirm bid of 0.60% converted to dollars is 24,996 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
1; Stewart Oldfield 
On Dec 7, 2015, at 9:19 AM, Ariane Dwyer ‹
> wrote: 
Good morning Rich, 
Per your request please find below the details from the trader: 
Undertying 
Spots 
.HSCE 
9,822.72 
N225 
19,749.28 
.SPX 
2,088.14 
STOXXS0E 
3,379.00 
33.59 
Realized dispersion: —9.97% (using above spot references) 
Indicative bid: 0.60% 
Best, 
Ari 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Monday, December 07, 2015 8:56 AM 
To: Richard Kahn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077289 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223473 
EFTA01379652

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379653.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Ariane Dwyer; Paul Morris; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Dispersion Call Option [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Good morning Rich - yes, I will request from traders and be back to you. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto:r 
Sent: Monday, December 07, 2015 8:52 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Ariane Dwyer; Paul Morris; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: Dispersion Call Option [C] 
Can you please have traders provide me with a bid I can present to mr Epstein. Thank you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 4, 2015, at 1:56 PM, Vahe Stepanian 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
One more point worth mentioning — the realized dispersion when we spoke on 
Wednesday was `9.95%. 
This decline from 9.95% to 9.41% would also affect the indicative bid of the option. 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Friday, December 04, 2015 1:09 PM 
To: Richard Kahn 
Cc: Daniel Sabba; Ariane Dwyer; Paul Morris; Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Dispersion Call Option [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Rich • please note that Southern Financial did not unwind the dispersion option today as 
we were away from the 2.00% limit per my conversation with you and Darren. 
The indicative bid is currently 0.90% since there is little time left to expiry and the time 
decay is significant. 
Realized dispersion is - 9.41% given the following spot references: 
.HSCE 
.N225 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
9.886.39 
19,628.75 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223474 
DB-SDNY-0077290 
EFTA01379653

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379654.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
3/5/2019 12:46:21 PM 
To: 
Brigid Macias 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein/Southern accounts VI 
Classification: For internal use only 
How are we doing on these account closings? Thanks 
From: Brigid Macias 
Sent: Friday, March 01, 2019 9:42 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield <stewart.oldfield@db.com> 
Subject: RE: Epstein/Southern accounts [I] 
Hi, 
Working on 
of the month transactions and your CDs so I will have to get back to you when I have a minute sorry. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bath Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, March 01, 2019 9:33 AM 
To: Brigid Macias <brigid.inacias@db.corn>
Subject: RE: Epstein/Southern accounts (l) 
Classification: For internal use only 
Can you call me on this when you get a chance? I need to call the client to ask him to keep moving quickly on this 
stuff. I want to first make sure that some of the 0 balance accounts I see as open are actually scheduled to be closed 
and just waiting on a final interest posting or something like that. I see those accounts as: 
JSC Interiors 
Mort 
Southern Financial LLC (DBAG acct) 
Southern Trust Company (DBAG acct) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077292 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223476 
EFTA01379654

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379655.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gratitude America 
2007 Jeffrey E. Esptein insurance trust 
Haze Trust (DBAG and DBTCA) 
HBRK 
Thanks! 
From: Brigid Macias 
Sent: Thursday, February 28, 2019 10:18 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein/Southern accounts III 
Yep, I will take care of today (1-) 
Kind regards, 
Brigd Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New
Tel.
Fax + 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, Februa 
28, 2019 10:18 AM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein/Southern accounts [II 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Thanks. Compliance is asking me, so actually closing out the zero balance accounts is important. 
From: Brigid Macias 
Sent: Thursday, February 28, 2019 10:10 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
Subject: RE: Epstein/Southern accounts 
Hi, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077293 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223477 
EFTA01379655

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379656.pdf
----------------------------------------
I have a few I need to follow up with Bella on. I will try to get you a finalized list today. 
Kind regards, 
Brigd Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, February 28, 2019 10:00 AM 
To: Brigid Macias 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Epstein/Southern accounts 
Can you give me a list of accounts that have been closed for Epstein so far? Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue New York NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077294 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223478 
EFTA01379656

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379657.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: 
3/18/2019 2:59:20 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: Can you PLEASE help? Ill 
Attachments: OB_TheCatterpillar Trust to close 2 accounts.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Lesley Grofrs signature matches up to her signature card. 
Do you have a phone # for her? 
Regards, 
Brad 
From: Firdaus Madiar 
Sent: Monday, March 18 2019 2:42 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Cc: Nicole Perskawiec < 
>; Brigid Macias c
;.; Stewart Oldfield 
>; Daphne Cales
Subject: RE: Can you PLEASE help? [II 
Classification: For Infernal use only 
Hi Brad, 
May you please, confirm the signer and their #. We need to do a call back to process the following. Thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Firdaus Madiar 
Firdaus Madiar 
Assistant Vice President! Assistant Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Wealth Mana•ement 
From: Brigid Macias 
Sent: Monday, March 18, 2019 2:33 PM 
To: Firdaus Madiar 
Cc: Bradley Gillin <b 
Subject: Can you PLEASE help? 
>; Nicole Perskawiec < 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077295 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223479 
EFTA01379657

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379658.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Monday, March 18 2019 2:29 PM 
To: Brigid Macias 
Cc: Bradley Gitlin 
Richard Kahn 4
M 
Darren Indyke 
Subject: The 2017 Caterpillar Trust 2 accounts 
Brigid, 
Please close The 2017 Caterpillar Trust account and 
attached.
Thank you, 
Bella 
Signed letter with instructions 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077296 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223480 
EFTA01379658

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379659.pdf
----------------------------------------
The 2017 Caterpillar Trust 
6100 Red Hook Quarters B3 
St Thomas VI 00802 
MEMORANDUM 
To 
Liam 
From: 
Value Date: 
Account +t: 
Brigid 
Lesley Groff 
March 18, 2019 
and 
Please transfer the accrued interest to the account below and after close the above 2 
accounts. 
Wire Instructions 
Beak: Citibank, 111 Wall Street, New York, NY 10043-0001 
ABA: 021000089 
For Benefit Of: 34o 
a Staid 
Smith Ramey LLC 
Beneficiary Account 
For Further Credit to: 
/ The 2013 Butterfly Trust 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077297 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223481 
EFTA01379659

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379660.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Brigid Macias 
Sent: 
4/10/2019 4:36:24 PM 
To: 
Bella Klein 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
I; Bradley Gillin I 
I; Richard Kahn 
RE: PLEASE HELP TO STOP WIRE FROM LSJE TO 
You are very welcome. 
Have a great day! 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein (mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, A ril 10, 2019 4:35 PM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: PLEASE HELP TO STOP WIRE FROM LSJE TO 
No problem, thank you 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard Kahn 
On Apr 10, 2019, at 4:31 PM, Brigid Macias ‹
> wrote: 
Unfortunately the funds have already left the bank. 
You can transfer funds internally to cover, or we can request a wire recall. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077298 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223482 
EFTA01379660

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379661.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Dom 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant We President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Wednesday, April 10, 2019 4:29 PM 
To: Brigid Macias < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: PLEASE HELP TO STOP WIRE FROM LSE TO 
mailto 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Richard Kahn 
Thank you! I sent it from the wrong account. Think it is too late as wire is confirmed..Is it 
possible to debit money from Butterfly account v LSJE, please advise. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On Apr 10, 2019, at 4:20 PM, Brigid Macias 
Good Afternoon, 
I will do my best to ask operations to stop this. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
wrote: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077299 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223483 
EFTA01379661

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379662.pdf
----------------------------------------
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein irra] 
Sent: Wednesday, April 10, 2019 4:14 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Brigid Macias < 
>; Bradley Gitlin < 
Richard Kahn < 
Subject: PLEASE HELP TO STOP WIRE FROM LSJE TO 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Outgoing Wire Status Change 
Date: A ril 10 2019 at 4:11:44 PM EDT 
To: 
The Haze Trust 
Richard Kahn 
The status of an outgoing Wire USD Intl Template Based for 
$25,000.00 from account *9295 changed to Processed on 
04/10/2019 04:11 PM (ET). 
Please do not respond to this e-mail. For more information, sign 
on to Internet Banking or contact Customer Support. 
>; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077300 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223484 
EFTA01379662

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379663.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077301 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223485 
EFTA01379663

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379664.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Apr 4, 2019, at 6:02 PM, Brigid Macias c
> wrote: 
You are very welcome! Have a wonderful evening! 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberrv.com)
From: Richard Kahn <
> 
Date: Thursday, Apr 04, 2019, 5:50 PM 
To: Brigid Macias ‹
> 
Cc: Bella Klein -ta, 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: Mercedes Benz Boulogne / Societe Generale Bana
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Apr 4, 2019, at 5:42 PM, Brigid Macias c
> wrote: 
Hit 
I just received notification the funds have been returned to DB and should be credited 
tomorrow. 
I will advise when I see this completed. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
itnaue00 I pig--
Brigid Macias 
Assistant We President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077303 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223487 
EFTA01379664

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379665.pdf
----------------------------------------
On 
• 
AM, 
ote: 
Hello Bella, 
Please find the number and contact at 
our Bank. 
Societe Generale Bank 
( serv•ice retour de fond ) 
0033 1.53.30.57.00 
Mr GARCETTE 
Best Whishes, 
Michael Stamenic 
Commercial Vehicules Neufs et 
Directions 
Mercedes-Benz Boulogne-Billancourt 
Mercedes-Benz Paris SAS 
bis route de la Reine 
92100 Boulogne-Billancourt 
http://www.parisincrcedcs.fr 
<image002.jpg><image003.jpg><image004. 
iP8>cillia8c005:IP8> 
<image004.jpg> 
De : N'Diaye, Kadiata (582) 
Envoye : mardi 2 avril 2019 10:22 
A : Stamenic, Michael (582) 
Objet : TR: Epstein Wire deposit - 
coordonnees SG 
Bonjour Michael, 
Ci-dessous les coordonnees de la SG 
Cordialement, 
Kadiata N'diaye 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077306 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223490 
EFTA01379665

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379666.pdf
----------------------------------------
Attachée Administrative 
Mercedes Benz Paris Porte d'Orléans 
Mercesdes Benz Paris SAS 
15-17 rue Barbés 
92120 Montrouge 
Téléphone +33 1 46 12 70 15 
mailto : kadiata.n'diaye@daimler.com 
http://Www.paris.mercedes.fr 
www.mercedes-benz.fr 
De : Louis, Lelia (582) 
Envoyé : vendredi 22 mars 201915:46 
A : N'Diaye, Kadiata (582) 
<kadiata.n'diaye@daimler.com>
Cc : Stamenic, Michael (582) 
<Michael.Stamenic@daimler.com>• de 
Calbiac, Geoffroy (582) 
<geoffrov.de calbiac@daimler.com> 
Objet : RE: Epstein Wire deposit 
Bonjour, 
Voilà le numéro de la Société 
Générale 01.53.30.57.00, vous 
demandez le service retour de fond. 
Et vous demandez Mr Garcette. 
Moi j'ai faxé ta demande à la banque 
le 15 mars. 
Salutations 
Lélia LOUIS 
Comptable 
Trésorerie 
Le Port 
Marly 
Mercedes-Benz Paris SAS 
rue de Saint Germain 
78560 LE PORT MARLY 
Tel.: 01.39.17.31.24 
Fax : 01.39.17.71.09 
Mail :  
Liens 
intemet : http://www.paris.mercedes.fr / 
www.mercedes-bent,fr 
De : N'Diaye, Kadiata (582) 
Envoyé : vendredi 22 mars 2019 10:07 
: Louis, Lelia (582) 
<lelia.louis@daimler.com>
Cc : Stamenic, Michael (582) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077307 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223491 
EFTA01379666

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379667.pdf
----------------------------------------
Klein 
<il> wrote: 
Hi Michael, 
Our bank 
representativ 
e tried to 
reach out to 
your 
accounting 
department 
regarding 
wire transfer 
sent on 
February 
15th in the 
amount of 
10,000 
Euros. They 
can't locate 
your wire. 
Please ask 
Kadiata to 
trace wire 
with your 
bank and 
confirm 
wiring 
instructions 
same as 
below: 
Notre 
representant 
bancaire a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077309 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223493 
EFTA01379667

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379668.pdf
----------------------------------------
Field 57: 
Detusche 
Bank Trust 
Company 
Americas 
Swift: 
Field 59: 
Account 
Name: Jeffr 
ey E Epstein 
Account 
Number: . 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Beg 
in 
forw 
and 
ed 
mes 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077311 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223495 
EFTA01379668

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379669.pdf
----------------------------------------
sag 
e: 
Fro 
m: 
Brig 
id 
Mac 
ias 
Sub 
ject 
: RE 
Wir 
e 
dep 
osit 
Dat 
e: M 
arch 
13, 
201 
at 
11:3 
7:30 
AM 
EDT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077312 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223496 
EFTA01379669

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379670.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Ric 
har 
d 
Kah 
I 
I 
I 
Good 
Morni 
ng, 
I called 
and 
spoke 
to Kadi 
ata 
who 
unfort 
unatel 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077313 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223497 
EFTA01379670

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379671.pdf
----------------------------------------
y does 
not 
speak 
English 
and 
transfe 
rred 
me to 
a line 
that 
was 
never 
picked 
up. 
I did 
email 
the 
other 
person 
on that 
email 
Micha 
el and 
asked 
him to 
call me 
regardi 
ng a 
return 
of 
funds. 
Kind 
regards 
Brigid 
Macias 
<imag 
cool p 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077314 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223498 
EFTA01379671

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379672.pdf
----------------------------------------
ng> 
Brigid 
Macias 
Assistant 
trice 
President 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Trust 
Company 
Americas 
Deutsche 
Bark 
Wealth 
Managem 
ent 
345 Park 
Avenue 
24th 
Floor 
New 
York. NY 
10154 
Tel 
Securitie 
s offered 
through 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Securitie 
s Inc. 
From: R 
ichard 
Kahn 
Sent: W 
ednesd 
ay, 
March 
13, 
2019 
11:32 
AM 
To: Bell 
a Klein 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077315 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223499 
EFTA01379672

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379673.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Brigi 
d 
Macias 
Subject 
: Re: 
Wire 
deposit 
Brigid 
can 
you 
please 
update 
us on 
status 
thank 
you 
Ri char 
d Kahn 
HBRK 
Associ 
ates In 
c. 
575 
Lexing 
ton Av 
enue 
4th 
Floor 
New 
York, 
NY I 0 
022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077316 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223500 
EFTA01379673

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379674.pdf
----------------------------------------
h 
r 
r 
r 
T 
h 
r 
V 
U 
B 
k 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077319 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223503 
EFTA01379674

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379675.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
a 
J 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077320 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223504 
EFTA01379675

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379676.pdf
----------------------------------------
s 
A 
S 
t 
a 
m 
e 
i 
c 
M 
i 
c 
h 
a 
e 
( 
) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077322 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223506 
EFTA01379676

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379677.pdf
----------------------------------------
B 
e 
g 
i 
f 
r 
w 
a 
r 
d 
e 
d 
m 
e 
s 
s 
a 
g 
e 
F 
r 
m 
B 
r 
i 
g 
i 
d 
M 
a 
c 
i 
a 
s 
< 
b 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077329 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223513 
EFTA01379677

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379678.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
ti 
b 
J 
e 
c 
t 
R 
E 
W 
i 
r 
e 
d 
e 
p 
s 
I 
t 
G 
d 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077333 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223517 
EFTA01379678

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379679.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
f 
t 
e 
r 
O 
u 
r 
i 
v 
e 
s 
t 
i 
li 
a 
t 
i 
s 
t 
e 
a 
m 
d 
e 
s 
t 
s 
e 
e 
a 
i 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077334 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223518 
EFTA01379679

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379680.pdf
----------------------------------------
c 
m 
i 
g 
c 
r 
e 
d 
i 
t 
V 
u 
h 
a 
v 
e 
a 
c 
t 
a 
c 
t 
c 
a 
r 
e 
a 
c 
h 
u 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077335 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223519 
EFTA01379680

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379681.pdf
----------------------------------------
F 
x 
E 
a 
S 
C 
C 
LI 
S 
e 
e 
e 
d 
h 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077340 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223524 
EFTA01379681

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379682.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
t 
M 
d 
S 
M 
h 
r 
• 
S 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077342 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223526 
EFTA01379682

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379683.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
Y 
R 
i 
c 
h 
a 
r 
d 
K 
a 
h 
< 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077344 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223528 
EFTA01379683

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379684.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
e 
H 
h 
V 
T 
h 
k 
B 
e 
k 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077346 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223530 
EFTA01379684

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379685.pdf
----------------------------------------
< 
i 
m 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077351 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223535 
EFTA01379685

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379686.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
M 
M 
h 
r 
S 
B 
r 
d 
M 
M 
a 
S 
b
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077357 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223541 
EFTA01379686

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379687.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
t 
R 
r 
e 
d 
e 
S 
t 
m 
r 
t 
e 
e 
H 
h 
B 
d 
r
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077360 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223544 
EFTA01379687

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379688.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
d 
e 
U 
r 
e 
d 
b 
a 
d 
U 
U 
b 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077362 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223546 
EFTA01379688

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379689.pdf
----------------------------------------
h 
T 
k 
B 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077363 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223547 
EFTA01379689

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379690.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
V 
d 
e 
d 
t 
t 
e 
V 
e 
d 
r 
d 
e 
S 
S 
B 
d 
M 
d 
C 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077367 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223551 
EFTA01379690

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379691.pdf
----------------------------------------
h 
R 
K 
d 
h 
$ 
U 
b 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077376 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223560 
EFTA01379691

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379692.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
S 
C 
S 
S 
F 
C 
b 
r 
U 
U 
r 
c 
C 
h 
S 
C 
C 
U 
S 
k 
U 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077379 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223563 
EFTA01379692

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379693.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
I 
y 
a 
d 
d 
e 
s 
t 
r 
y 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
1.1 
i 
a 
t 
I 
o 
A 
y 
u 
a 
u 
t 
h 
r 
i 
z 
e 
d 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077385 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223569 
EFTA01379693

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379694.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
e 
f 
e 
r 
t 
O 
h
t 
e 
S 
/ 
d 
b 
C 
rr 
d
$ 
Li 
e 
f 
O 
r 
r
d 
d 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077388 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223572 
EFTA01379694

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379695.pdf
----------------------------------------
b 
e 
r 
e 
a 
r 
d 
e 
d 
a 
s 
s 
u 
c 
h 
T 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
m 
a 
Si 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077392 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223576 
EFTA01379695

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379696.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
e 
e 
P 
S 
e 
r 
e 
f 
e 
r 
t 
O 
h 
t 
t 
p 
S 
d
b 
C 
m
d 
S 
C 
O 
S 
U
r 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077399 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223583 
EFTA01379696

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379697.pdf
----------------------------------------
f 
O 
r 
a 
d 
d 
i 
t 
i 
o 
a 
I 
E 
U 
c 
o 
r 
p 
o 
r 
a 
t 
e 
a 
d 
r 
e 
ll 
i 
a 
t 
O 
r 
y 
d 
i 
s 
c 
I 
o 
s 
u 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077400 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223584 
EFTA01379697

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379698.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
o 
s 
h 
o 
u 
I 
d 
o 
t 
b 
e 
r 
e 
a 
r 
d 
e 
d 
a 
s 
s 
u 
c 
h 
T 
h 
i 
s 
c 
o 
m 
m 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077403 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223587 
EFTA01379698

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379699.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
f 
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
O 
I 
f 
Y 
O 
u 
a 
r 
e 
o 
t 
t 
h 
e 
i 
t 
e 
d 
e 
d 
r 
e 
c 
i 
p 
e 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077405 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223589 
EFTA01379699

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379700.pdf
----------------------------------------
( 
r 
h 
a 
v 
e 
r 
e 
c 
e 
i 
v 
e 
d 
t 
h 
i 
s 
C 
m 
m 
u 
i 
C 
a 
t 
i 
e 
r 
r 
r 
) 
p 
I 
e 
a 
s 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077406 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223590 
EFTA01379700

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379701.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
i 
s 
t 
r 
i 
b 
u 
t 
i 
O 
O 
f 
t 
h 
e 
m 
a 
t 
e 
r 
i 
a 
I 
i 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
O 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
O 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077409 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223593 
EFTA01379701

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379702.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
C 
t 
f 
r 
b 
e 
P 
e 
S 
S 
e 
e 
e 
t 
h
t 
C 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077410 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223594 
EFTA01379702

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379703.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
r 
e 
C 
e 
V 
e 
d 
h 
S 
e 
V 
$ 
b 
e 
k 
e 
e 
e 
It 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077416 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223600 
EFTA01379703

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379704.pdf
----------------------------------------
regula 
tory 
disclo 
sures. 
Deuts 
the 
Bank 
does 
not 
render 
legal 
or tax 
advice 
, and 
the 
inform 
at ion 
contai 
ned in 
this 
comm 
unicati 
on 
should 
not be 
regard 
ed as 
such. 
If you are not the addressee, please 
inform us immediately that you have 
received this e-mail by mistake, and 
delete it. We thank you for your support. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or 
privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient 
(or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU 
corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077419 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223603 
EFTA01379704

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379705.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Daphne Cales 
Sent: 
4/25/2019 12:30:17 PM 
To: 
Stewart OldtieId I 
CC: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: 
I; Natalie Barak 
Good morning. 
unfortunately we do not have any cross-border cash access. Let me make a couple of calls and see if we 
have any other options. 
Regards, 
Daphne 
sent from my iPhone 
> On Apr 24, 2019, at 5:58 PM, Stewart Oldfield < 
wrote: 
> 
• Copying the team who can help answer this question. NOt sure we have cross-border cash access like that 
but will find out. How much would he want to take out? Thanks 
> Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
> 
• Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
> Deutsche Bank wealth Management 
> 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
> Tel. 
> Mobile 
> Email 
> 
• securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
»• on Apr 24, 2019, at 5:20 PM, Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
» 
• sorry to bother you while away but mr epstein had a question: 
» 
• would it be possible for him to make a cash withdrawal from a DB branch in Paris? 
» if so what would he need to do so other than his ID and account number 
» please advise 
» thank you 
Richard Kahn 
» HBRK Associates Inc. 
» 575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
» New York, NV 10022 
• tel 
» fax 
cell 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077421 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223605 
EFTA01379705

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379706.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kimberly Ha 
Sent: 
7/8/2019 9:22:15 AM 
To: 
Chris Harve 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: URGENT!!! Need to close accounts ASAP - please prioritize today 
Classification: For internal use only 
Awesome — thank you!! 
L  ... 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 14m floor, New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Chris Harvey 
Sent: Monday, July 08, 2019 9:14 AM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: URGENT!!! Need to close accounts ASAP - please prioritize today 
Classification: For internal use only 
Kim, 
Dawn is on her MTA. I've closed all the Pershing accounts today. 
Thank you, 
Chris Harvey 
Vice President 
Operations 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
South Street BAL01-1304 
Baltimore MD 21202 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077422 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223606 
EFTA01379706

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379707.pdf
----------------------------------------
3. 
Deposit accounts with residual balances. Please distribute balances and close accounts today. 
Money Market Business 
- BUTTERFLY TRUST 
Global Deposits 
Account 
1/24/2014 
21.72 
NOW and SuperNOW 
- JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Global Deposits 
Accounts 
3/8/2016 
12.05 
Please confirm back to me once completed. 
Thanks in advance. 
Kim 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
•'ew York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077424 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223608 
EFTA01379707

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379708.pdf
----------------------------------------
42959324 - GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
42953715 - HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
42953432 - HYPERION AIR, LLC 
42957978 - JSC INTERIORS LLC 
35267258 - 
42959295 - WE, LLC 
42959017 - MORT, INC 
42953424 - NEPTUNE, LLC 
42953758 - NES, LLC 
42953467 - PLAN D, LLC 
AND 
42953694 - THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE 
42966807 - ZORRO MANAGEMENT, RC 
42967439 - ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC (HOUSE ACCOUNT) 
2. 
$0 balance brokerage accounts that are still open. Please coordinate with Dawn 
Forbes to get these hard closed. 
N46024968 - JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
N46024950 -J EPSTEIN VIRGIN ISLANDS FOUNDATION 
N46024935 - JEEPERS INC 
N46025080 - SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
N46026161 - SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
N46023804 - SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
N46025098 - SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
N46025106 - SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
N46025114 - SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
N46023812 - SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
N46024943 - THE HAZE TRUST UAD 02/09/99 JEFFREY 
3. 
Deposit accounts with residual balances. Please distribute balances and close 
accounts today. 
Money Market Business 
44130552 - BUTTERFLY TRUST 
Global Deposits 
Account 
NOW and SuperNOW 
35269691- JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Global Deposits 
Accounts 
Please confirm back to me once completed. 
Thanks in advance. 
Kim 
1/24/2014 
3/8/2016 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077429 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223613 
EFTA01379708

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379709.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Robert Frohlich < 
Subject: FW: Urgent Request [CJ 
Classification: Confidential 
>; Stewart Oldfield 
Leslie — Please can you address this request as a matter of urgency and also confirm if this account was impacted by 
missing Brokerage assets last year. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 3:12 PM 
To: Robert Frohlich < 
>; Donna Kerrigan 
Subject: RE: Urgent Request [CJ 
Classification: Confidential 
Rob, 
Could you break out brokerage vs. non-brokerage assets? I don't think we had such a substantial volume drop in July 
'18, and wonder if that's a brokerage data issue. 
Thanks 
From: Robert Frohlich 
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 2:45 PM 
To: Donna Kerrigan < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Urgent Request [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Here you go — also attaching the underlying data from GMIS which includes the product type and client mines as well as USD. 
Sum of EUR 
relationship reference* 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL 
YearMonth 
Categorie 
Revenues 
Volume 
201801 
118,719 
177,123,487 
201802 
92,880 
192,177,294 
201803 
101,339 
183,554,497 
201804 
97,754 
184,758,913 
201805 
116,122 
198,312,507 
201806 
95,070 
187,089,834 
201807 
66,734 
57,351,765 
201808 
66,126 
54,371,862 
201809 
107,091 
45,601,540 
201810 
49,525 
35,139,451 
201811 
48,090 
32,853,375 
201812 
44,107 
29,557,911 
201901 
53,541 
33,911,566 
201902 
111,403 
42,167,771 
201903 
48,774 
8,262,610 
201904 
9,379 
2,004,182 
201905 
799 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077432 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223616 
EFTA01379709

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379710.pdf
----------------------------------------
201906 
- 
Kind regards. 
Rob Frohlich 
Robert Frohlich 
Ikutschc Rank AG, Fihale Ncw York 
Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 Ncw York. NY. USA 
From: Donna Kerrigan 
Sent: 16 July 2019 13:34 
To: Robert Frohlich < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Urgent Request (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Rob - Please can you pull Southern Financial Revenues and CBV by Product and Month beginning January 2018. 
Thanks, 
Donna 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077433 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223617 
EFTA01379710

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379711.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Stewart Oldfield 
7/17/20194:59:40 PM 
Daphne Cales 
FW: Southern Financial [SC] 
190716 Southern Financial_GMIS Updated xlsx 
Classification: Sticly Conildenlal 
From: Donna Kerrigan 
Sent: Wednesday, July 17, 2019 2:48 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Leslie Roth 
Subject: Southern Financial [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Stewart — Does the attached now align with your expectation? 
Thanks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077434 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223618 
EFTA01379711

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379712.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
1/25/2016 4:03:36 PM 
To: 
'bellaklein' 
; Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
'Darren Indyke' -'Richard 
Kahn 
Subject: 
RE: LJE wire 
Aracely can help you Bella, as discussed the on-line banking capability is very good and all our clients use it 
regularly. Let's discuss about implementation I believe the training was completed but happy to arrange demo to 
get refreshed. Best 
Original Messa e---
From: bellaklein 
] 
Sent: Monday, January 25, 2016 01:53 PM Eastern Standard Time 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Paul Morris; Darren Indyke; Richard Kahn 
Subject: LJE wire 
Paul/Stewan. 
Please process the attached wire 
Thank you. 
Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077435 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223619 
EFTA01379712

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379713.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Leslie Roth 
Sent: 
5/23/2019 8:38:51 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
Automatic reply: Southern Financial - 2018 revenues [CI 
I am out of the office until Tuesday. May 281h. 
For escalation, please contact Donna Kerrigan. 
Thank you, 
Leslie Roth 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077437 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223621 
EFTA01379713

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379714.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Coleyiellinghaus
SeM: 
9/25/201810:41:26 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Bradley Giffin 
Subject: 
RE: Butterfly brokerage 
Is this the one we discussed with Ziggy that currently has KCP coverage for some related accounts? 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: Stewart °Wald 
Date: Tuesday, Scp 25, 2018 7:05 AM 
To: Coley Jellingbaus 
Cc: Bradley Giffin < 
Subject: FW: Butterfly brokerage 
What's your current thinking on this? Need to get something opened for him. He asked a month ago 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2018 10:04 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: Butterfly brokerage 
any update on when account may be opened? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Sep 18, 2018, at 3:12 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Who will have trading authority? 
Thanks 
<image001.png> 
Stewart Oldfield. CFA. CAIA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077438 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00223622 
EFTA01379714

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379715.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
10/22/2018 12:34:49 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
RE: pls send a copy of your ID when you can. Thanks 
thanks 
From: Richard Kahn [ 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 12:17 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: pls send a copy of your ID when you can. Thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
On Oct 22, 2018, at 12:08 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Or passport. Up to you. 
Agreed on JE meeting w/ Man. Let me get some dates from him 
From: Richard Kah 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 11:17 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: pls send a copy of your ID when you can. Thanks 
drivers license? 
we should try to get date for you me and alan to meet with Jeffrey 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077440 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223824 
EFTA01379715

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379716.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077444 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223628 
EFTA01379716

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379717.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
11/29/2018 2:25:42 AM 
oily Deposit Report 20181129 
RM CODE 
82289 
11/28/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
6,195,634.86 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
345,560.37 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
162,544.87 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
691,586.33 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
1,424,987.71 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
687,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
259,732.22 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
789,557.84 
JEGE, LLC 
194,617.66 
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE D 
.00 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
103,276.29 
NES, LLC 
218,696.56 
MORT, INC 
D 
.00 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
448,616.98 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,917,637.77 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
201,134.46 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
229,878.30 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
357,901.59 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
1,463,709.00 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
706,341.71 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
314,403.08 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
M 
268,959.69 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
7,707,707.25 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
1,539,088.69 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
103,385.18 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
10,894,662.23 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
349,623.30 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
2,855,139.83 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,014,599.24 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,014,846.13 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
2,914,410.06 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,643,388.05 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
D 
10,000,000.00 
CRw 2009 LLC 
2,572,738.89 
CODE 
82289 
LARGE, 
NAME 
11/28/18 
ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
GEW 2009 LLC 
D 
2,624,599.92 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,588,871.59 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
101,848.84 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
101,848.84 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
4,836,027.91 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077445 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223629 
EFTA01379717

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379718.pdf
----------------------------------------
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 0 
253,024.66 
CAMERON WANEK 
D 
406,049.31 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
253,024.66 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
253,024.66 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
253,024.66 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
253,024.66 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
1,530,246.56 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
101,848.84 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
202,859.88 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
1,530,246.56 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
253,024.66 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
506,049.31 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
1,530,246.56 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,217,683.20 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,750,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
350,000.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
11/28/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT IF 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077446 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223630 
EFTA01379718

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379719.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077447 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223631 
EFTA01379719

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379720.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
2018 1:40:49 AM 
Subject: 
an/ epositReport 
81207 
RM CODE 
82289 
12/06/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
5,579,948.79 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,069,827.50 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
138,317.70 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
726,146.46 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
160,557.44 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
687,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
246,215.78 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
783,195.73 
JEGE, LLC 
194,617.66 
NES, LLC 
199,978.58 
LSJE, LLC 
298,638.62 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
1,917,797.16 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
247,794.94 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
217,608.93 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
255,343.74 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,464,796.67 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
356,861.74 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
314,635.65 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC -
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
7,719,110.44 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,541,365.70 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
103,538.13 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
9,915,257.62 
SSW 2007 LLC 
350,284.23 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,860,537.22 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,016,517.25 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,016,764.61 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,919,919.50 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,648,385.14 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
9,022,470.16 
CRW 2009 LLC 
2,577,602.43 
GEW 2009 LLC 
2,629,561.49 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
13,608,975.69 
CODE 
82289 
12/06/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
102,039.85 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
102,039.85 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
4,840,052.66 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
253,184.10 
CAMERON WANEK 
406,305.18 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077448 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223632 
EFTA01379720

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379721.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
153,184.10 
153,184.10 
253,184.10 
153,184.10 
1,531,210.82 
102,039.85 
203,114.30 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,531,210.82 
TOOD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
153,184.10 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
406,368.19 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
1,531,210.82 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
1,218,108.76 
RAHUL VAID 
1,751,323.29 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
350,088.22 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
20,000,000.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
5,000,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
1,000,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
SSW 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
1,000,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
1,500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
2,500,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
12/06/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SHARI WAGNER 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
ROBERT 5 FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
100,000.00 
T000 R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
2,500,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077449 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223633 
EFTA01379721

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379722.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
1/19/2019 1:25:51 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20190119 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/18/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,240,654.59 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,355,794.73 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
106,234.35 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
784,908.13 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
333,631.21 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
D 
242,682.07 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
7,921,667.56 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
123,976.98 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
568,364.42 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
135,036.83 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
477,198.95 
NES, LLC 
236,046.42 
LS)E, LLC 
388,829.71 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,232,836.20 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
471,402.11 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
199,760.98 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
497,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
8,789,938.49 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
226,455.88 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
385,874.18 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
1,583,022.75 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
357,146.85 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
7,435,467.34 
55W 2007 LLC 
100,991.51 
KWF 2007 LLC 
1,866,313.15 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,020,210.88 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,020,458.73 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
923,985.20 
CODE 
82289 
01/18/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
CRW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
651,902.57 
D 
6,540,877.18 
D 
2,082,807.07 
D 
2,134,871.04 
D 
13,630,824.62 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077451 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223635 
EFTA01379722

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379723.pdf
----------------------------------------
77004958 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
2,349,825.59 
77004974 CAMERON WANEK 
D 
307,125.58 
77005002 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
153,512.31 
77005010 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
153,512.31 
77005037 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
153,512.31 
77005045 SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
534,302.61 
77005125 LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
103,524.42 
77005141 KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
534,302.61 
77005184 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
153,512.31 
77005192 TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
407,207.62 
77005248 RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
534,302.61 
77005360 ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
D 
1,220,488.24 
77006320 RAHUL VAID 
D 
1,754,744.37 
77006339 ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
77006347 KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
350,795.11 
77006435 THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
2,002,778.08 
77006451 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006515 ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
77006531 MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
77006603 LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006940 CRW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006959 GEW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,000,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88006991 TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007003 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
5,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,533,301.38 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007011 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,533,301.38 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007038 KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,533,301.38 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007046 SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88007054 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007150 CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88007169 GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/18/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
88007214 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
88011192 ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011272 STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011280 CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88011299 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
88011328 CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
88011336 TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011344 SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
88011352 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077452 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223636 
EFTA01379723

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379724.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osullivan 
Sent: 
2/7/2019 8:39:39 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Darren Indyke 
Jeanne Brennan 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
Balances (CJ 
Classification: Confidential 
Good morning Rich, 
The updated balances are: 
Foundation 
$128,626.14 
Jeepers 
$3,276,640.23 
Thank you, 
Liam 
It, 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Investments .@ Trading Institutional Wealth Partners 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154.0004. USA 
Visit us: httplAleutschewealtheom. 
#Positivelmpact 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to sophisticated. experienced investors who qualify as Institutional accounts' 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment benefits and risks of, and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating and determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and financial transactions. Transactions are subject to 
relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be 
executed unless you are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is for discussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered 
through the IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage advice. IWP does not provide investment 
management or investment advisory services, and private market opportunities and other products and services available through IWP are 
offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you. solely for your information and for discussion purposes only, and does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077454 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223638 
EFTA01379724

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379725.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Brigid Macias 
Sent: 
2/14/2019 5:22:56 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
Subject: 
January 2019 Return Mail 
Importance: 
High 
Good Afternoon, 
Please see below your return mail list. 
Can you please review and advise what you would like to with these? Your options are as follows: 
Re-mail to the same address 
Re-mail to new address (provide address) — address must already be updated on the system 
Destroy return due to recipient no longer required to receive item — system already updated with 
recipient no longer scheduled to receive the returned item 
Destroy item as account is closed - (be sure recipient received final statement) 
Destroy the check - Stop payment must have been placed on the check and the funds re-
deposited 
Client contact could not be made at this time — I will follow up within 30 days 
Client contact was made and pending client letter of address change — Lisa-M Ramos will create 
a case to remail the returned items after address has been updated on the system. 
Account 
Number 
Product 
BANKING 
OFFICER 
Primary 
Officer 
Recipient 
Name 
Return 
Date 
Item Date 
Item Type 
Market 
Value 
Return 
Reason 
Address 
Line 1 
Address 
Line 2 
44138714 
MONEY 
MARKET 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
DARREN 
K. INDYKE 
PLLC- 
ATTORNEY 
TRUST 
ACCOUNT 
11/26/2018 
10/31/2018 
Statement 
$268,959.69 
Return 
to 
Sender 
Unable 
to 
Forward 
575 
LEXINGTON 
AVENUE 
35267258 
DOM. 
BANKING 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
AND 
KARYNA 
SHULIAK 
12/12/2018 
10/31/2018 
Statement 
$20,381.30 
Return 
to 
Sender 
Unable 
to 
Forward 
44138714 
MONEY 
MARKET 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
DARREN 
K. INDYKE 
PLLC. 
ATTORNEY 
TRUST 
ACCOUNT 
12/19/2018 
12/3/2018 
Advice 
Return 
to 
Sender 
Unable 
to 
Forward 
575 
LEXINGTON 
AVENUE 
35267258 
DOM. 
BANKING 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
AND 
KARYNA 
SHULIAK 
1/18/2019 
11/30/2018 
Statement 
$18,583.52 
Return 
to 
Sender 
Unable 
to 
Forward 
42953467 
DOM. 
BANKING 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
PLAN D 
LLC 
JEFFRREY 
EPSTEIN 
1/23/2019 
1/9/2019 
Advice 
Return 
to 
Sender 
Unable 
to 
Forward 
6100 RED 
HOOK 
QUARTER, 
44138714 
MONEY 
MARKET 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
STEWART 
OLDFIELD 
DARREN 
K. INDYKE 
PLLC- 
1/23/2019 
12/31/2018 
Statement 
$13.27 
Return 
to 
Sender 
575 
LEXINGTON 
AVENUE 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077455 
SDNY_GM_00223639 
EFTA01379725

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379726.pdf
----------------------------------------
ATTORNEY 
TRUST 
ACCOUNT 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
11111110 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
I 
I 
I 
Unable
to 
Forward 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077456 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223640 
EFTA01379726

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379727.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby
Sent: 
11/5/2013 2:01:22 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Case it 01147850: has been assigned to you. 
O44 NEW CASE ASSIGNMENT NOTIFICATION 4"
The following case has been assigned to you. 
Customer Name: Mort, Inc 
Contact Name: Mort, Inc 
Case #: 01147850 
Type: 
Case Subject: KYC Annual Call Note 
Description: 
click on the link to access the case: https://na4.salesforce.com/S006000000urne 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077457 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223641 
EFTA01379727

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379728.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
3/14/2019 2:56:51 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190314 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/13/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,577,379.06 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
238,000.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,214,538.91 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
830,597.66 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
559,628.11 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
102,035.84 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
15,254,453.37 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
821,024.35 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
749,347.94 
PLAN D, LLC 
871,505.43 
JEGE, LLC 
379,729.72 
NES, LLC 
944,858.90 
LS)E, LLC 
448,609.70 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
376,638.50 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
899,434.74 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
497,882.14 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE OYNA 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
221,283.87 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
255,470.89
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
3,458,177.16 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
207,577.85 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
305,198.96 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/13/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
SSW 2007 LLC 
KWF 2007 LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
639,363.31 
2,411,980.38 
253,166.90 
253,415.75 
251,747.20 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077458 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223642 
EFTA01379728

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379729.pdf
----------------------------------------
KWF 2007 LLC 
KWF 2007 LLC 
KWF 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
1,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
10,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
5,000,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
1,000,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
307,241.55 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
314,658.33 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/13/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 4 
NAME 
CAT 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077460 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223644 
EFTA01379729

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379730.pdf
----------------------------------------
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
03/13/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
MARA WAGNER 
C 
.00 
LEAH OBIS 
C 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
15,000,000.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077461 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223645 
EFTA01379730

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379731.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
3/14/2019 2:02:06 PM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
Re: Sample letters per our discussion yesterday 
i just left you a message 
can you please call when free 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Mar 13, 2019, at 4:19 PM, Stewart Oldfield <
 wrote: 
Thanks. So this is a recommendation to open a new account generally? Will need to see what we can provide. 
Thanks. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Mar 13, 2019, at 4:15 PM, Richard Kahn 
> wrote: 
please review and Icts discuss 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077462 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223646 
EFTA01379731

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379732.pdf
----------------------------------------
<template for recommendation letter from the transferring bank (003).pdf> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077463 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223647 
EFTA01379732

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379733.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
3/27/2019 1:39:47 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20190327 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/26/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
4,471,568.54 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
238,000.00 
MARA WAGNER 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
.00 
GABRIELLE E. WANEK 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,208,865.23 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
805,575.17 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
774,034.35 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
10,254,453.37 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
815,256.79 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
2,749,347.94 
PLAN D, LLC 
871,505.43 
JEGE, LLC 
381,289.83 
NES, LLC 
921,568.94 
LS)E, LLC 
660,587.66 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
304,503.24 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
857,121.99 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
497,882.14 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MIZNER COURT HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SOLSTICE LOOP HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SABAL CLUB HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SAN MARCO HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUN LAKE MULTIFAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
VERONA APARTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
SUMMER COVE HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
MARINA LANDING HOLDINGS, LLC 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
255,470.89 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
2,458,177.16 
RM CODE 
82289 
03/26/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
207,577.85 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
M 
.00 
ASHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
M 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077465 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223649 
EFTA01379733

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379734.pdf
----------------------------------------
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
HARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
OBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
03/26/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
ODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
RA WAGNER 
C 
.00 
EAH KUBIS 
C 
.00 
EYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
C 
500,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
30,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
SHLEY FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC 
C 
15,000,000.00 
SHLEY HOMESTORES LTD 
C 
.00 
RIELLE E. WANEK 
C 
.00 
SHLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
C 
.00 
SHLEY DISTRIBUTION SERVICES LTD 
C 
.00 
SHLEY GLOBAL RETAIL, LLC 
C 
.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_adminelist.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077468 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223652 
EFTA01379734

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379735.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
7/10/201912:19:08 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfielc 
Subject: 
Leon Black kept Jeffrey Epstein as charity director after plea deal 
https://nypost.com/2019/07/09/leon-black-kept-jeffrey-epstein-as-charity-director-after-plea-deal/ 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York 
NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077469 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223653 
EFTA01379735

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379736.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Gillin 
Sent 
7/10/2019 2:32:49 PM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC. 
Andrew King 
Subject: 
FW: GMIS Report - May 2019 - Stewart Oldfield [II 
Attachments: SO KPI May 2019.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Monday, Jun 
To: Robert Roberg 
Cc: Stewart Oldfiel 
Subject: GMIS Report - May 2019 - Stewart Oldfield [II 
Classification: For Menai use Only 
Rob. 
Sec attached. Thanks. 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Gitlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077470 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223654 
EFTA01379736

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379737.pdf
----------------------------------------
Securities of
 through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077471 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223655 
EFTA01379737

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379738.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Bradley Gitlin 
7/16/2019 4:33:08 PM 
Stewart Oldfield 
Butterfly - Ou oin Wires Ill 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Research — Sarah Vicker — Case 
Outgoing wires: 
• 
12/3/2018 - $250,000 — 
684c:own 
Unk ?wpm At c twat Iltonttst 
rttectnorntlo 
Stein 
Con Oro.
,
Ctwol atl.Wyt‘ 
in Banking Were 
— SLK Designs LLC (KYC never completed) 
a
c71,
1j. 
the/20 le 
Deatitienfttite900 ict2E
6330 RED i-OOK Oi..ARTSR 93 
SS TKOete S 
oce 
UNITED STATES ',RCAF' ISLANDS 
Ollset 
ontattantit Plrly 
Inativcbto Twit 
Esintni• Cod* fix a.. Fos Wont 
$_ Nome 
Sank Attu* 
Bo* Country 
(touting 
Routtn s 
Slta '! Cites 
at Banking • waa • Details 
inn Catins estanc• 
Cue key 
Cantenos Antatnt 
Tag 030 Amount 
•noct Poly ern: 
TItt•ct Sint Account 
Thtlr d Pettly At< /sett ryttit 
Third Parry Country 
Sal. K3eiie 
Romeo* 
DANK Of ArAER;(03, NA, NY 
NEW' ORK NY, 
VSFEOW4RE 
cif) 
239000 OD 
S:50 ao cc 
(*tags 
Rs? to Itsens 
Pis to Account 
18AN 
Bens rytne 
Gene Gentry 
VA.. Ottstbienhotitont. • 
ADD 40 
• 
2/5/2018 - 5150,0011 — Karyna Shuliak 
• 
Beneficiary of Butterfly Trust 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077473 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223657 
EFTA01379738

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379739.pdf
----------------------------------------
O ****e 
Ii**0•0 Rosti Maw 
000*0• 
`ter}/-'jf
00.* 
C7* 00. 0  
lesx2.&ase,Sit 
a.- 
X MC 00:*. 0.40711.1 07 
5!
US$
uboto POTS , c04*/ 3J/AS 
Somatic MS 
*Mot 
1,000.00.0.000 
SRN ,CliPP 
IWO 
?4, 4••••• 
vont ter PM I.E. VW... 
Pe. 0...• 
Noe 000.0. 
gra Cm** 
M0004 
Mass' 
Mari Ca 
.107/.* 
(**St !.St 
0.0. 
KR' vt70/1..4+ 
ketOreft 
000:(Ke,
Deled• 
0* 06001000. 
Ca*** 
4% 
000000 Ass* 
007 00 
1040010 71/000* 
11000 
MS OW/ 0•0 
I— P*00 Start 
00007000000*0 hen 
T0001040 CIS/ 
...tar. 
pa U,C 
000••••*+, 
MOMS 
00* 
06000,427 
*** 7000 
AC7'0.7 
II*0 GOO*/ 
*Oa Mwrw0ue..a 
NO WNW 
Alt 
,X.0".07 4 
40*04i JAMB: 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley Giffin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077474 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223658 
EFTA01379739

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379740.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 3 
HUNTSVILLE, AL 35803 
MADISON COUNTY 
Census Data for Geographical Region 
Median Head of Household Age: 40 
Median Income: 580.306 
Median Home Value: $147,500 
Median Education: 15 years 
Household Members 
None Listed 
Other Associates 
None Listed 
10/2014 
2: 2 ASHMONT CIRL SE HUNTSVILLE, AL 35803 
Address 
Dates 
Phone 
ASHMONT CIRL SE 
5/1999 - 8/2007 (256) 882-9632 
HUNTSVILLE, AL 35803 
MADISON COUNTY 
Census Data for Geographical Region 
Median Head of Household Age: 40 
Median Income: 580,306 
Median Home Value: $147,500 
Median Education: 15 years 
Household Members 
None Listed 
Other Associates 
None Listed 
3: 1521 SE ASHMONT CIR HUNTSVILLE, AL 35803 
Address 
Dates 
Phone 
1521 SE ASHMONT CIR 
2/1997 - 7/1997 
HUNTSVILLE, AL 35803 
MADISON COUNTY 
Census Data for Geographical Region 
Median Head of Household Age: 40 
Median Income: 580.306 
Median Home Value: $147,500 
Median Education: 15 years 
Household Members 
None Listed 
Other Associates 
None Listed 
4: 509 TALL SHIP DR APT 212 SALEM, SC 29676-4344 
Address 
Dates 
Phone 
509 TALL SHIP DR APT 212 
9/1986 - 9/1993 
SALEM. SC 29676-4344 
OCONEE COUNTY 
Census Data for Geographical Region 
Median Head of Household Age: 67 
Median Income: 577.049 
Median Home Value: 5351,339 
Median Education: 15 years 
Household Members 
VICKERS. LOYD JEROME 
Other Associates 
None Listed 
5: KEOWEE KY APT SALEM, SC 29676 
Address 
Dates 
KEOWEE KY APT 
5/1991 -
SALEM, SC 29676 
12/1992 
For internal use only 
Phone 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077489 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223673 
EFTA01379740

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379741.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 9 
Possible E-Mail Addresses 
Address Summary - 3 records found 
No. 
i• • 
Address Details 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077495 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223679 
EFTA01379741

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379742.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 13 
No. 
Full Name 
• AKA MILLER VICKERS, 
JESSICA 
• AKA VICERS. JESSICA I. 
• AKA VICKERS, JESSICA 
• AKA VICKERS. JESSICA 
MILLER 
• AKA VICKERS. JESSICA 
3. 
6. 
INS 
VICKERS, CHRISTEN NICOLE 
• AKA VICKERS, CHRISTEN 
NICOLE 
• AKA VICKERS, CHRISTEN 
VICKERS. DAVID BRUCE 
• AKA VICKERS. DAVID B JR 
•• AKA VICKERS DAVID 
VIC 
SSN 
VICKERS, MATTIE D 
• AKA VICKERS, MATTIE 
DENNIE 
• AKA VICKERS. MATTIE 
DENNIE 
• AKA VICKERS. MATTIE 
DENNIE 
7. 
VICKERS, DAVID B 
• AKA VICKERS. DAVID BRUCE 
ERS, DAVID BRUCE 
Address/Phone 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077499 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223683 
EFTA01379742

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379743.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 3 
No. Address 
6: 
7: 
8: 
9: 
10: 
575 LEXINGTON AVE FL 4 
NEW YORK, NY 10022-6146 
NEW YORK COUNTY e Addressing 8 Letter Service 
National Security Facility 
Newspaper facility 
Elementary or Secondary School 
Junior College or Technical Institute 
Home Health Care Facility 
Social Services Facility 
11: 
9E 71STST 
NEW YORK, NY 10021-4102 
NEW YORK COUNTY 
Address Details 
1: 
Address 
Dates 
10/2013 -
9/2014 
Census Data for Geographical Region 
Median Head of Household Age: 41 
Median Income: $150.806 
Median Home Value: $1,000,000 
Median Education: 16 years 
Household Members 
None Listed 
Other Associates 
None Listed 
2: 
Address 
Census Data for Geographical Region 
Median Head of Household Age. 36 
Median Income: 5156,291 
Median Home Value: 5753,989 
Median Education: 16 years 
Household Members 
None Listed 
For internal use only 
Dates 
6/2004 -
10/2013 
Phone 
Phone 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077503 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223687 
EFTA01379743

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379744.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 8 
No. 
Full Name 
1.A.
• . 0 
• I • 
- 
Person Associates - 25 records found 
No. Full Name 
Address 
1: 
ANDERSON, EVA 
CANDERSSON, EVA 
CANDERSSON, AVA 
CANDERSON. EVA 
BANDERSSONDUBIN. 
EVAANDERSSON, E C 
2: 
ANDERSON, EVA BDUBIN 
EVA 
ANDERSONANDERSSON. 
EVA BANDERSSON-
DUBIN. EVA 
HIGHBRIDGEDUBIN, EVA 
ANDERSSONANDERSSO 
N, EVA DDUBIN, EVA 
DDUBIN, 
SSN 
Forinternat use only 
Phone 
DOB 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077508 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223692 
EFTA01379744

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379745.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 9 
No. Full Name 
EANDERSSONDUBIN, 
EVAHIGHBRIDGE, 
ANDERSSON-DUBIN 
EVAANDERSON DUBIN, 
EVAANDERSON-DUBIN 
EVA 
3: 
BAN/OAK. JANUSZ J 
SRBANASIAK, J 
4: 
CALLOWAY, LANCE 
ALLENCALLOWAY. L A 
5: 
COELLO, ROBERT 
THOMASCOELLO, 
BOBDOELLO, ROBERT 
Address 
358 EL BRILLO WAY 
PALM BEACH, FL 33480-
4730 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS 
STE B-3 
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-
1348 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS 
STE B-3 
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-
1348 
SSN 
For internal use only 
Phone 
DOB 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077509 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223693 
EFTA01379745

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379746.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 10 
No. Full Name 
6: 
COWLES, STORY 
AUSTINCOWLES STORY. 
ASTORY, 
COWLESAUSTIN 
COWLES. STORY 
7: 
DELACRUZ, MERWIN 
MCRUZ. MERWIN MCRUZ. 
MERWIN DELADELA, 
MERWIN MDELA CRUZ. 
MERWIN MMERWIN, 
DELACRUZ 
Address 
SSN 
Phone 
DOB 
8: 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY 
6100 RED HOOK QTRS 
EEPSTEIN. JEFFERY 
STE 8-3 
EEPSTEIN. 
ST THOMAS. VI 00802-
JERRERYEPSTEIN. 
1348 
JEPSTIEN, 
JEFFERYEPTSTEIN. 
E 71ST ST 
JEFFERY 
NEW YORK. NY 10021-
4102 
ZORRO RANCH RD C 
STANLEY, NM 87056-9743 
For internal use only 
1/1953 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077510 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223694 
EFTA01379746

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379747.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page I 
No. Full Name 
9: 
EPSTEIN, 
PAULAEPSTEIN. PAULINE 
10: 
GALINDO, CIMBERLY 
ANNFOLEY. CIMBERLY 
ANNSCHINNERER. 
CIMBERLY ANNGALINDO, 
AGAL I NDOFOLEY, 
CIMBERLY AESPINOA. 
CIMBERLY AGALINDO 
FOLEY, CIMBERLY 
11: 
12: 
FONTANILLA, LUCIANO 
APONTANILLA, LUCIANO 
Address 
SSN 
Phone 
DOB 
358 EL BRILLO WAY 
PALM BEACH, FL 33480-
4730 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077511 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223695 
EFTA01379747

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379748.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 12 
No. Full Name 
ALUCIANO, FONTANILLA 
ALUCIANO FONTANILLA, 
A 
13: 
HAMMOND, WILLIAM 
GARYHAMMOND. BILL 
GARYHAMMOND, 
WILLIAM L 
14: 
HEALY. MICHELLE 
LTATUM. MICHELLE L 
Address 
SSN 
For internal use only 
Phone 
DOB 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077512 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223696 
EFTA01379748

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379749.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 13 
No. Full Name 
SSN 
15: 
INDYKE, DARREN 
KINDYKE DARREN, 
KINDYKE, DAREN 
KINDYKE, DARREN M 
16: 
17: 
MAXWELL GHISLAINE 
NOELLEMAXWELL, 
GHISLANE N 
For internal use only 
Phone 
DOB 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077513 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223697 
EFTA01379749

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379750.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 14 
No. Full Name 
18: 
19: 
RODGERS, DAVID 
NRODGERS. DAVID 
LRODGERS, DAVID 
NEVILLE 
20: 
TSUKERMAN. 
BELLAKLEIN, 
BELLATSURERMAN. 
BELLATSUKEZMAN, 
BELLAKLEIN. B 
Address 
SSN 
Phone 
DOB 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077514 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223698 
EFTA01379750

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379751.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 5 
2009 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 29508, * 
Plaintiffs served written discovery on the Takata Defendants. The Takata Defendants 
subsequently provided written responses and documents. On February 16, 2009, plaintiffs 
filed their Amended Motion to Compel Discovery as to the Takata Defendants. (D.E. r8] 
167). On March 3, 2009, the Takata Defendants filed their response in opposition to the 
motion. A hearing was held on March 9, 2009, attended by counsel for plaintiffs and the 
Takata defendants. With leave of court, on March 16 and 17, 2009, supplemental briefs 
were filed by the Takata Defendants and plaintiffs, respectively. 
At the beginning of the March 9, 2009 hearing, the court ruled that it would not limit discovery based on the Takata 
Defendants argument that the component parts doctrine barred recovery, as a decision on the application of that doctrine has 
not yet been made in this case. Specifically, even assuming the doctrine is applicable in this type of case. the court has not yet 
determined whether the Takata Defendants 'substantially participated" in the integration of the seat belt into the design of the 
2005 GMC Yukon: and will not do so until the parties have had an opportunity to engage in discovery on this issue. Davis v. 
Komatsu America Indus. Corp., 42 S.W.3d 34, 41-42 (Tenn. 2001): see also Davis v. Komatsu American Industries Corp.. 19 
Fed. Appx. 253. 2001 WL 1042229. at '3 (6th Cir. 2001) (reversing order granting summary judgment for parts manufacturer 
r9) because "Davis has produced sufficient evidence to create an issue of fact as to whether Komatsu substantially 
participated in the integration of its press into the press line. whether the integration caused the press line to be defective. and 
whether the defect in the press line caused Davis' injury."). Moreover. because the court is not inclined to stay discovery 
generally until a decision is made on the applicability of the component parts doctrine, the court permitted plaintiffs to obtain 
discovery on all relevant matters and did not limit discovery to the issue of whether or not the Takata Defendants substantially 
participated in the integration of the seat belt restraint system into the Yukon. 
II. ANALYSIS 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 26(b)(1) allows for the discovery of "any matter, not 
privileged, that is relevant to the claim or defense of any party." Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(1). 
Relevancy for discovery purposes is construed broadly. Information is discoverable if it is 
"reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence." Id. "Nevertheless, 
discovery does have 'ultimate and necessary boundaries,"' Miller v. Fed. Express Corp., 
186 F.R.D. 376, 383 (W.D. Tenn. 1999) [*10] (quoting Oppenheimer Fund, Inc. v. 
Sanders, 437 U.S. 340, 351, 98 S. Ct. 2380, 57 L. Ed. 2d 253 (1978)), "and 'it is well 
established that the scope of discovery is within the sound discretion of the trial court."' 
Miller, 186 F.R.D. at 383 (quoting Coleman v. Am. Red Cross, 23 F.3d 1091, 1096 (6th Cir. 
1994)). A court need not compel discovery if "the burden or expense of the proposed 
discovery outweighs its likely benefit." Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(2)(iii). 
Interrogatory No. 2.05: A verified supplemental interrogatory response shall be provided 
identifying the documents which have been produced which provide the information 
responsive to this interrogatory (or referencing the February 16, 2009 letter identifying 
those documents if the letter identifies the specific documents which contain all information 
responsive to this interrogatory) and stating that the response is complete. 
Interrogatory No. 2.06: A verified supplemental interrogatory response shall be provided 
identifying the documents which have been produced which provide the information 
responsive to this interrogatory (or referencing the February 16, 2009 letter identifying 
those documents if the letter identifies the specific documents which contain all information 
rig responsive to this interrogatory) and stating that the response is complete. 
Interrogatory No. 2.07: The Motion is passed over, as Takata has agreed to provide a 
supplemental response stating that the information already provided is complete. 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077523 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223707 
EFTA01379751

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379752.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 6 
2009 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 29508, * 
Interrogatory No. 2.09: A verified supplemental interrogatory response shall be provided 
identifying the documents which have been produced which provide the information 
responsive to this interrogatory (or referencing the February 16, 2009 letter identifying 
those documents if the letter identifies the specific documents which contain all information 
responsive to this interrogatory) and stating that the response is complete. 
Interrogatory No. 2.10: A verified supplemental interrogatory response shall be provided 
identifying the documents which have been produced which provide the information 
responsive to this interrogatory (or referencing the February 16, 2009 letter identifying 
those specific documents if the letter identifies the documents which contain all information 
responsive to this interrogatory) and stating that the response is complete. 
Interrogatory No. 6 and Request for Production No. 3: A verified supplemental 
interrogatory response [*1 2] shall be provided identifying the documents which have been 
produced which provide the information responsive to this interrogatory and Request For 
Production No. 3 and an indication that the documentation is all of the responsive 
documentation in the possession, custody, or control of the defendant. 
Interrogatory No. 8: The Motion is passed over, as Takata has agreed to provide a 
supplemental response repeating the information already provided and stating that the 
response is complete. 
Interrogatory No. 9 and Request No. 4: The Takata Defendants already responded in a 
verified response that they are not aware of any agreement or contract entered into with 
General Motors in connection with the design or testing of the seat belt restraint system at 
issue in this litigation. See Takata Defs.' Resp. at Interrog. No. 9. The Takata Defendants 
are to determine if any general agreements exist which would encompass the design or 
testing of the seat belt restraint system involved in this litigation and produce any 
applicable agreements. If such agreements exist, but contain information unrelated to the 
seat belt restraint system at issue, the Takata Defendants may approach the court, after 
consulting ['13] with plaintiffs, about redacting such non-responsive information prior to 
production. 
Interrogatory No. 10: A verified supplemental interrogatory response shall be provided 
which identifies all individuals involved in the responsive testing, or it shall indicate that 
those individuals are identified in identified in documents previously produced. 
Interrogatory Nos. 11 and 12 and Request for Production Nos. 5 and 6: A verified 
supplemental interrogatory response shall be provided identifying the documents which 
have been produced which provide the information responsive to this interrogatory (or 
referencing the February 16, 2009 letter identifying those specific documents if the letter 
identifies the documents which contain all information responsive to this interrogatory) and 
stating the response is complete. 
Interrogatory No. 13 and Request for Production No. 7: The Motion is denied without 
prejudice as to Interrogatory No. 13 and Request for Production No. 7. 
Interrogatory No. 14 and Request for Production No. 8: A verified supplemental 
interrogatory response shall be provided identifying the documents which have been 
produced which provide the information responsive to this interrogatory ["14] and Request 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077524 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223708 
EFTA01379752

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379753.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 7 
2009 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 29508, * 
For Production No. 8 and an indication that the documentation is all of the responsive 
documentation in the possession, custody, or control of the defendant. 
Interrogatory No. 15 and Request for Production No. 11: The Court finds this inquiry to 
be relevant. The Takata Defendants have agreed to determine what, if any, customer 
complaint information related to the seat belt restraint system at issue in this litigation they 
have in their possession and contact plaintiffs' counsel to attempt to reach a resolution 
related to the same. If a resolution cannot be reached, a phone call will be scheduled with 
the Court. 
Interrogatory No. 16: Takata shall determine how many vehicles contain the retractor 
involved in this litigation and, if Takata determines that listing the number of vehicles is 
overly burdensome, it shall notify the Court and request that the Motion as to this 
interrogatory be denied on that basis. If Takata determines that the number of vehicles is 
not overly burdensome to produce, it shall list the vehicles containing the retractor in a 
verified supplemental response. 
Request for Production 12: The Court finds that this request seeks relevant information, 
and therefore [*1 5] documents responsive to this request shall be produced, only to the 
extent the Takata Defendants contend that there are differences in safety performance 
between the restraint system used by Takata Defendants in the 2005 GMC Yukon and 
other restraint systems used by Takata Defendants, with the same retractor employed in 
the 2005 Yukon, in other SUV-type vehicles. This information is relevant for plaintiffs to 
show substantial similarity for other incidents involving SUVs using the same seat belt 
system (i.e. a system that uses the same retractor used in the 2005 GMC Yukon). Unlike 
the facts of the Gibson case cited by the defendants -- where the plaintiffs failed to present 
sufficient support to demonstrate the similarity of the products at issue -- the plaintiffs in 
the present case seek discovery of seat belt systems with the same "pertinent 
characteristics," as they relate to the accident at issue. Takata Defendants will only need 
to produce records if they contend that their seat belt systems used in SUVs, despite using 
the same retractors, somehow perform differently from the seat belt system in the 2005 
Yukon. If the Takata Defendants contend that there are no differences in [*16] terms of 
safety performance, then the Takata Defendants will not have to produce any documents 
in response to this request. 2
In addition. the Gibson case is not binding authority on this court. 
Request for Production 13: The court finds that this request seeks relevant information, 
so long as the information on rollover research and development is limited to seat belt 
systems using the same retractor as the retractor used in the 2005 GMC Yukon. However, 
request 13.03, which relates to research and development regarding the effectiveness of 
pretensioning devices in protecting occupants in a rollover, will not be limited to only seat 
belt systems using the same retractor. The Takata Defendants shall respond to this 
request — which relates more directly to the spool out allegation and the existence of a 
safer alternative design — in its current form. 
III. CONCLUSION 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077525 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223709 
EFTA01379753

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379754.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 8 
2009 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 29508, * 
For the reasons above, the Amended Motion to Compel is GRANTED in part and DENIED 
in part. The Takata Defendants shall supplement their responses and comply with this 
order within thirty (30) days from the date of this order. 
IT IS SO ORDERED. 
/s/ Tu M. Pham 
TU M. PHAM 
United States Magistrate Judge 
April 6, 2009 
Date 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077526 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223710 
EFTA01379754

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379755.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 11 
[1803-13] All ER Rep 178; Also reported 14 Ves 341; 33 ER 552 
touching the validity of the will was determined; and that he is, therefore, in sufficient time. 
To that it is answered that if there is no breach of the condition, there is no occasion to 
come into a court of equity: besides, that it was by the plaintiffs own act that the probate 
was delayed so long; and it may be doubted whether it would be competent to him to take 
advantage of his own groundless resistance to the proof of the will. 
But it is said, this court relieves against forfeiture, and breaches of condition. To that it was 
answered by the defendants that this is not a mere breach of condition, but a conditional 
limitation over in a given event; and, where there is a devise over to any other than that 
person who would by disposition of law take the estate, the court never relieves and for 
that distinction Cage v Russel (1) was referred to That this is a conditional limitation, and 
not a mere condition, is clear from Avelyn v Ward (2) The question there was not of the 
same kind, but the limitation in the will was precisely the same as this: a limitation to the 
heir-at-law upon condition of giving a release within a certain period; and that was held a 
conditional limitation 
not a strict condition. If this be a conditional limitation, it seems to follow that the event 
having taken place, the court cannot possibly relieve. Though the estate is given over to 
the executrix, who would have been benefited by the release, yet it is a real estate, which 
she could not take as executrix; and, therefore, the circumstance that she is so makes no 
difference. 
It is then contended upon the case of Earl of Northumberland v Earl of Aylesford (3) that 
Michael Simpson by entering into possession of the devised estate was obliged upon the 
doctrine of election to make the release, when called upon to do so, and, therefore, it is to 
be considered as executed. In that case Algernon never did release his claim: but it was 
decreed that his executors should then execute a release: as, by taking the benefit he had 
contracted the obligation to execute it. But the circumstances of this case are not the 
same, for Michael Simpson cannot be considered as possessing the estate under the 
devise. He was the heir-at-law. He entered, contesting the will. During that time he cannot 
be considered in possession as devisee. Afterwards, when the question was determined, 
he offers a release; but clogged with a condition that it should be accepted within three 
days; which implied that if that condition was not complied with, he would hold adversely to 
the will, and as no longer bound to comply with those terms. 
This is quite different, therefore, from that case, where the possession taken could be 
ascribed to nothing but the will. Besides, that decision is materially shaken by Lord 
Beaulieu v Lord Cardigan (4) in the House of Lords, which had been determined by LORD 
NORTH INGTON upon the same principle and in the same way: viz, that the estate should 
go, as if it had been actually settled according to the condition. The House of Lords, 
however, declared that the estate not being settled pursuant to the condition, the devise 
made on that condition did not take effect. 
That applies precisely to this case. Michael Simpson not having complied with the 
condition of giving a release of all claims upon Elizabeth Simpson is not entitled to the 
benefit of the devise, made upon that condition. There is no doubt that he is entitled to an 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077529 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223713 
EFTA01379755

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379756.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 13 
Health Matrix 189, * 
HIGHLIGHT: 
Abstract 
This Article analyzes corporate speech problems through the framework of corporate 
law. The focus here is on the "discourse norms" that regulate corporate speech to various 
corporate stakeholders, including shareholders, workers, and consumers. I argue that 
these "discourse norms" should be understood as default terms in the "nexus-of-contracts" 
that comprises the corporation. Having reviewed the failure of corporate law as it bears on 
the interests of non-shareholding stakeholders such as workers and consumers, I urge the 
adoption of prescriptive discourse norms as an approach to reforming corporate 
governance in a socially useful manner. 
'Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing the matter with this, except that it 
ain't so." 
- Mark Twain 
"I have heard it broached that orders should be given in great new ships by electric 
telegraph. I admire machinery as much as any man, and am as thankful to it as any man 
can be for what it does for us. But it will never be a substitute for the face of a man, with 
his soul in it, encouraging another man to be brave and true. Never try it for that. It will 
break down like a straw." 
- Charles Dickens 
"It is only the Board that this in the end can come from." n' 
-Michael Jensen 
TEXT: 
ri9ii 
INTRODUCTION 
The destructive influence of corporate speech can be seen in many public policy 
problems. Examples abound, but are highly salient in the area of public health. The 
tobacco epidemic of the twentieth century, the obesity epidemic's ravages so far this 
century, massive environmental degradation-these problems and more have been 
catalyzed by the combination of corporate political speech in the regulatory arena, and 
corporate commercial speech in the marketplace. - Solutions to the problem of corporate 
speech have long been wanting. Recently, the United States Supreme Court held in 
Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission that corporate political speech cannot be 
muzzled by government regulation. " Since the 1970s the Supreme Court has also given 
substantial constitutional protection to commercial speech, and there is little reason to 
expect a reversal of this orientation on the Court. 'A 
Of course, in addition to its destructive power, corporate speech has also contributed 
to human flourishing. For example, commercial speech was instrumental in circulating 
information about the availability and use of birth control, which many scholars argue has 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077531 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223715 
EFTA01379756

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379757.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 15 
Health Matrix 189, * 
their assets to the board of directors, the firm's stakeholders are beset with the problem of 
holding the board of directors accountable. This is the agency problem: how do you ensure 
that corporate directors (agents) operate faithfully on behalf of their stakeholders, rather 
than in directors' own interests through general malingering or outright stealing of 
corporate assets? -3
The prevailing view is that different stakeholders should get different solutions to the 
agency problem. Shareholders require the exclusive fiduciary attention of directors inside 
the corporate boardroom because of their (the shareholders) distance from firm 
operations. Workers, in comparison, are physically present on the shop floor and can 
therefore monitor and negotiate the terms of their labor themselves, individually or 
collectively. Consumers are present at the cash-register and can monitor their interest in 
corporate activity by inspecting the goods, services, and prices offered. In sum, the agency 
problem is managed for shareholders by imposing fiduciary obligations to shareholders on 
the board of directors, while the agency problem for workers and consumers is managed 
primarily by particula ['i94] rized terms in specific contracts on a negotiated or take-it-or-
leave-it basis. Where workers and consumers are vulnerable and cannot protect their 
interests through contract, corporate theory calls for such vulnerabilities to be solved 
through external governmental regulation such as labor laws and consumer protection 
statutes, rather than through any departure from shareholder primacy in firm governance. 
Corporate law theorists contend that this organizational design is in the best interest of 
capital, labor, and consumers. It is therefore the regime that these stakeholders would 
voluntarily agree to if they sat down and negotiated the matter (or at least it is the regime 
they would all agree to after hearing a lecture on shareholder primacy theory). ^'s But these 
groups do not actually negotiate and plan the design themselves. To do so would be as 
transactionally-burdensome as driving down the street looking for a designer to build an 
internet phone. Instead, the basic organizational design is incorporated by law into 
corporate charters as an "off-the-rack" ready-made system. Users of corporate charters 
are free to delete default corporate governance provisions and replace them with some 
other schema, perhaps one in x195] which important corporate decisions are submitted 
directly to a vote by all stakeholders. In practice this does not happen. Corporate 
stakeholders stick with the default rules of directorial authority and shareholder primacy for 
one of two reasons. First, maybe it really is the rule that stakeholders would settle on if 
they designed the corporate governance structure themselves, so there is no impetus to 
change it. Second, stakeholders may stick with the default rule because they find it 
prohibitively costly, in terms of time, intelligence, and logistics, to negotiate an alternative 
arrangement. Thus, they stick with the default because they are stuck with it. ^" 
For reasons I explore below, corporate law's purported solutions to the agency 
problem leave non-shareholding stakeholders vulnerable to manipulation and exploitation 
by corporations acting on behalf of shareholders. Here I will focus in particular on non-
shareholder's susceptibility to the adverse influence of corporate speech. To track this 
influence, I explore the distinct discourse norms that attend corporate speech to different 
corporate stakeholders, including shareholders, workers, and consumers. I contend that 
these discourse norms should themselves be regarded as default rules of corporate law, 
and I argue that the discourse norm defaults should be altered in order to improve 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077533 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223717 
EFTA01379757

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379758.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 17 
Health Matrix 189, * 
i. Shareholders 
The principal way that corporate law enforces the fiduciary duties that directors owe to 
shareholders is through the imposition of discourse norms. In order to satisfy their duty of 
care, directors must speak with each other about what kind of corporate conduct is in the 
shareholders' best interest. Indeed, the requirement to speak and deliberate in an informed 
and good faith fashion more or less describes both the necessary and the sufficient 
condition for satisfying directors' obligations to shareholders. Directors are completely 
insulated from liability to shareholders for bad, non-self-interested business decisions so 
long as they comply with the requirement of forthcoming, honest, good faith deliberation in 
the shareholder interest. In or ["1 98] der to satisfy that fiduciary duty of good faith, the 
director's speech acts must also be sincere-she must honestly believe the things she says 
are in the shareholder's best interest are in fact in their best interest. ^" 
ii. Non-shareholders 
Workers and consumers, like shareholders, are part of the nexus-of-contracts over 
which the corporate board of directors presides. Instead of fiduciary-based attention at the 
level of firm governance, however, consumers must monitor their interests in corporate 
operations by themselves, in the market. 
Unlike shareholders, consumers are not as a matter of corporate law entitled to any 
internal corporate speech or deliberations about their interests. Corporations, however, are 
entitled under the First [" 1 99] Amendment to speak to consumers through commercial 
advertising. ^4 When corporations choose to speak to consumers, the discourse norms that 
accompany the speech are far less co-operative in nature than are the norms governing 
corporate discourse with its fiduciaries. Instead, the firm's speech to its consumers reflects 
"the morals of the marketplace;" it is the kind of speech, in Cardozo's words, "trodden by 
the crowd."
While corporations have a First Amendment right to advertise legal products, it is 
permissible for government to restrict false or misleading commercial speech. n21 But the 
categories "false" and/or "misleading" are of limited utility in analyzing contemporary 
corporate speech problems. A ubiquitous advertising campaign associating happiness, 
health, and vitality with the consumption of junk food is not so much false or misleading in 
its failure to with similar zeal describe the [' 200] health risks associated with frequent 
junk food consumption as it is, perhaps, incomplete and exploitative. ^2' 
We might describe the discourse norm of the marketplace as one in which "rhetoric," in 
the sense of "insincere speech," n26 is expected. That is, ordinary consumers generally 
know that rhetoric reigns in the market. But knowledge of its operation does not, 
unfortunately, rid rhetoric of its power and influence. Speech in such an idiom can much 
more easily manipulate consumers' perception of the personal or social consequences of 
consumption than would fiduciary-based speech. Such consequences can be highly acute 
and personal, such as the development of lung cancer or heart disease. Or, they may be 
farther-reaching and more dispersed, such as the destruction of the environment. 
The manipulative power of insincere speech is buttressed by the common law doctrine 
of "puffery," which has been incorporated into modern consumer protection regimes such 
as the FTC and cognate state regulatory regimes. The puffery doctrine holds that facially 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077535 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223719 
EFTA01379758

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379759.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 20 
Health Matrix 189, * 
reason thus requires individuals to discuss and resolve conflicts in a manner which does 
not require either party to "lose" in the deep sense of being put in a position where they 
have to renounce their particular moral commitments in favor of their opponent's. To 
comply with the norm of public reason, speakers must therefore justify their public policy 
preferences in a manner that does not appeal to any distinct world-view. Instead of 
appealing to the authority of a totalizing (religious or secular) conception of the meaning 
and purpose of life, the norm of public reason enjoins us to articulate and defend our public 
policy positions with reference only to social values that are common to all world-views. 
But this is not mere acting. An important element in the discourse norm of public 
reason is that political interlocutors must be (justifiably) disposed to believe each other's 
speech. The norm of public reason thus requires speakers to believe in good faith that 
their preferred public policy advances an overlapping conception of a socially desirable 
outcome. To conform to the norm of public reason, you must really believe what you say, 
and not secretly prefer a policy simply because it advances one's privately valued world 
view. The discourse norm of public reason therefore requires sincerity. nn 
One big problem with the norm of public reason, as Dan Kahan argues, is that as a 
cognitive matter we humans cannot really pull it off. -*Social psychologists have 
demonstrated that most people quite easily, and sincerely, believe that they themselves 
routinely conform their public-oriented thoughts and expression to the requirements of 
public reason, but they are doubtful that other people do the same. Social psychologists 
tell us that in these assessments we are usually right about other people and wrong about 
ourselves. Human thinking and decision-making is profoundly influenced by cognitive 
biases and self-serving motivations. — While people genuinely believe that they analyze 
public policy problems "objectively," we in fact tend to assess [" 209] policy debates 
through the biased frameworks of our own personal "world-views" (i.e., our private 
"preferences about how society should be organized."). ^4. We accurately diagnose this 
dynamic in our interlocutors, even as we are blind to it in ourselves. The term that social 
psychologists have settled on for this ironic epistemological dynamic is "naive realism"-we 
are naive about ourselves, realistic about others. We thus tend to view our interlocutors, 
especially those whose world views we do not share, as only pretending to conform to the 
norm of public reason. And they think the same of us. ^-
Kahan argues that since we are cognitively incapable of truly conforming to the norm 
of public reason, even people's good-faith efforts to conform to it are likely only to 
antagonize their opponents, who must now contend not only with an adversary whose 
world view they oppose, but an adversary who is lying about the relationship between 
[" 210] their world view and the polices they support. This antagonizes social strife. -6° 
If we analyze the norm of public reason in connection with corporate social and 
political speech this problem is particularly evident. .6 Firms endeavor to comply with the 
norm of public reason in their political speech. ^v But they do not succeed. We know that 
there are profound institutional biases and motivations behind the speech; in particular 
biases and motivations favoring the narrow interests of directors and shareholders, rather 
than the public good generally. Corporate speakers may believe in good faith that they fully 
conform to the norm of public reason. After all, corporate lobbyists are not corporate law 
scholars or psychologists. They are fully immersed within the norm of public reason and 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077538 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223722 
EFTA01379759

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379760.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 21 
Health Matrix 189, * 
the Pareto fallacy of corporate profitability, p211] contentedly telling their political 
interlocutors that corporate profitability makes all stakeholders better off. --3 So the agents 
of corporate social and political speech may believe they have conformed to the norm of 
public reason just as sincerely as do regular people. But they are no more successful at it. 
The incompatibility between the norm of public reason and the dynamics of corporate 
speech has two iniquitous effects. The first is that while corporations often succeed in 
achieving the policies they promote, such policies are not reliably in the public interest, but 
are instead reflective of corporate bias and motivation, which is shareholder primacy. The 
second consequence is that, for reasons Kahan makes clear, the public and policymakers 
are largely suspicious and resentful of corporate political speech. It may be that the 
"merely" sincere adherence to the norm of public reason by firms operating in the political 
realm is what helps give rise to the abiding skepticism and animosity that Americans have 
towards corporations. ^°4 The juxtaposition of professed objectivity or public spirit with the 
bias that we otherwise know they have is particularly galling. One survey from 2002 found 
that 70 percent of Americans "did not trust what . . . corporations told them and 60 percent 
called corporate wrongdoing 'a widespread problem."' m* 
The discourse norms that animate corporate speech inevitably clash with the norm of 
public reason, deepening our cynicism about the legitimacy of both corporations and 
government. Corporate political speech advances the firm's mission of corporate 
profitability, but it inhibits the mission of political speech in a free society. In particular, it 
precludes the full development of consumer, worker, and envi [` 212] ronmental protection 
regimes that are needed before shareholder primacy in corporate governance can be 
sanctified. "6
II. REFORMING CORPORATE LAW THROUGH PRESCRIPTIVE DISCOURSE 
NORMS 
I assert that the discourse norms attending corporations' relationships with their 
various stakeholders are themselves part of the default terms that comprise corporate 
law's enabling regime. The discourse norms provide rules of construction for the express 
speech (or silence) of the corporation to or about its stakeholders. Like corporate law itself, 
these norms are neither necessary nor inevitable-they are prescribed as part of a social 
construction project enabled by positive law. The default discourse norms that we find in 
corporate law get their justification from shareholder primacy theory, which I have argued 
is wanting. Corporate law might thus consider an alteration in the discourse norms that 
govern the firm's relationship with different stakeholders. 
A. The Utility of Multi-Fiduciary Discourse 
Progressive corporate law scholars have suggested that an alternative to shareholder 
primacy might be a corporate governance regime that requires directors to actively attend 
to the interests of multiple stakeholders at the level of firm governance. '6' In a multi-
stakeholder regime directors would be charged with attending to the interests of all of the 
firm's stakeholders with care and loyalty. Such a regime could be enforced the same way 
that fiduciary obligations are presently enforced by corporate law: by imposing discourse 
obligations on directors. Under a multi-stakeholder regime directors would be required to 
become informed about and discuss-in the honest, complete, good-faith fashion of 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077539 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223723 
EFTA01379760

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379761.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 23 
Health Matrix 189, * 
associated. Professor Bainbridge considers this power of the "reputational" community to 
be an important reason why corporate law requires firms to be managed by a "board" and 
not by the fiat of a single individual. n86 Bainbridge wants this power to be deployed in 
advance of shareholder primacy, "9  but it can also help enable a loyal, capable multi-
stakeholder corporate governance regime. 
Another important member of the corporate reputational community is the Delaware 
Court of Chancery. A number of scholars have emphasized the role that the Chancery 
Court plays in exposing, condemning, and shaming directorial misconduct, even where the 
court restrains itself from imposing actual liability or damages for the mis p2151 conduct it 
identifies. nm) The world of corporate directors is a fairly small one. In it, reputation and 
honor often matter more than pecuniary rewards, which most directors of large publicly 
traded corporations already have before joining the world of corporate directorships. In this 
culture what Delaware judges say matters as much or more than what judges do. Formally 
expanding the fiduciary relationship to multiple stakeholders would provide judges the 
occasion to celebrate or condemn corporate conduct as it relates to workers, consumers 
and other stakeholders, even where the Chancery Court is reluctant to formally find 
directors liable for damages in connection with unworthy conduct. 
The canonical account of corporate law is already committed to the view that 
reputational dynamics can serve an important part in bonding corporate directors to their 
principals. In fact, in the canonical account the competence of board members to police 
each other and keep each other true (enough) to the corporate mission serves as a crucial 
justification for corporate law's embrace of near total directorial discretion over the 
corporation's affairs, even to the extent that it allows directors to stymie the market for 
corporate control with structural defenses (e.g., "poison pills," etc.) that essentially allow 
the board to "just say no" to hostile takeovers. n" The acid bath of the market is kept lidded, 
while corporate law puts its faith in the fidelity of the board. This faith and this power, 
driven by speech acts operating under fiduciary discourse norms, can be put to use in 
service of a broader set of directorial commitments. 
Of course, people's ability to fulfill commitments degenerates when multiple 
commitments present conflicts. Lisa Fairfax argues that corporations actively concerned 
with multiple stakeholders may need to resolve this problem by limiting the number of 
groups to which they make commitments, or else to be clear about their hierarchy of 
commitments. nu Yet to respond to this conundrum as Fairfax suggests p2161 would 
leave us again with shareholder primacy in firm governance, an approach which leaves 
non-shareholding stakeholders vulnerable to corporate overreaching. 
The inevitable conflict involved in multiple commitments has been one of the main 
arguments that advocates of shareholder primacy have used to reject the plausibility of 
multi-stakeholder corporate governance. This is sometimes referred to as the "two 
masters" problem: "A manager told to serve two masters (a little for the equity holders, a 
little for the community) has been freed from both and is answerable to neither." nn But the 
"two masters" argument proves too much. Under the prevailing shareholder-primacy model 
of corporate governance, directors are already charged with managing conflicts between 
many different masters. For example, shareholders with a large portion of their wealth 
invested in one firm would prefer the firm to adopt a risk-averse business strategy, but 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077541 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223725 
EFTA01379761

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379762.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 25 
Health Matrix 189, * 
and articulate the ways in which a policy they support advances their personal conception 
of what is good and meaningful in life. That is, where the norm of public reason requires 
speakers to [`2113] keep quiet about their overarching "world-view" when talking about 
social policy, the norm of expressive over-determination demands that speakers explicitly 
acknowledge the connection between their policy choices and their world-view. 
Second, 
Kahan would require people to speak about a preferred policy in ways that allow other 
people to see the policy as "expressing meanings distinctive of their worldviews as well." ne) 
In order to ensure that policy proposals can be determined or justified through multiple 
world-views (i.e., that proposals can be "expressively overdetermined"), political speakers 
would be "strictly forbidden to engage in forms of advocacy calculated to render laws and 
policies univocal in their meanings." 
It may be optimistic, and perhaps patronizing, to think that controversial policy 
proposals can always "admit of multiple cultural interpretations." -42 It seems inevitable that 
some kinds of proposals will inevitably resonate more with an "individualist" rather than an 
"egalitarian," or vice-versa. It may be sufficient instead to tweak the second step of 
Kahan's prescription and say that speakers should be required to explicitly and sincerely 
address the ways in which their preferred policy advances their own world-view and the 
ways in which it at least does not unduly threaten the world views of others. Such an 
approach still achieves the dual benefits that Kahan seeks of first, alerting the speaker to 
the biased nature of her own positions, and, second, disarming her interlocutors' 
reasonable fears that their world view may be threatened by a policy advocated by 
someone with a world-view different from their own. ^-`) r2191 
Kahan intends for "expressive over-determination" to be deployed in political 
discourse, where it will replace the norm of public reason. But his framework might be 
usefully installed, with alteration, as a discourse norm for corporate speech on behalf of 
multiple stakeholders. ^°• Instead of urging directors to appeal to world-view categories, we 
might insist that they speak in a manner that explicitly makes clear the ways in which a 
proposed course of corporate action is likely to advance shareholder interests as well as 
making clear the ways in which the proposal would affect other groups of stakeholders. 
Directors would be obliged to speak with candor in terms that resonate with the particular 
interests of each of the groups. For example, they might speak of risks of loss and 
chances of profits when expressing the shareholders stake in corporate action, wages, 
working conditions, and job security when speaking of the consequences of a corporate 
choice for workers, and cost, quality and consumption consequences when expressing the 
intended or likely effect of a corporate decision on the firm's consumers. ns' 
Firms with fiduciary obligations to multiple stakeholders might also be expected to 
speak in an expressively over-determined fashion when they speak to their different 
constituencies through advertising, disclosures, or public statements. To comply with the 
norm, for example, firms would be forbidden from making a statement to share [' 220] 
holders about the profitability of a particular course of action without also expressing to 
consumers how their interest is implicated in the proposed action, and also speaking to 
workers about how the plans would affect them. The form of such speech need not be 
prescribed with nuance or particularity. Certainly a prospectus sent to shareholders need 
not have a section directed at consumers, and general advertising to consumers need not 
also contain information about cost-of-living increases for workers in the next year. But 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077543 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223727 
EFTA01379762

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379763.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 26 
Health Matrix 189, * 
taken as a whole, to comply with this prescriptive norm, the firm's statements to its various 
stakeholders would have to express in over-determined fashion how each of the firm's 
stakeholders stand to benefit or are exposed to risk by corporate decisions. 
Courts could enforce this standard only in the limited ways that they presently enforce 
fiduciary discourse standards owed to shareholders. While courts could not enforce 
substantive standards or impose liability for "bad" decisions for fear of undermining the 
authority and discretion of the board of directors, the overarching obligation of candor, 
completeness and good-faith is one that courts can and do undertake to enforce on behalf 
of shareholders through the mechanisms of shareholder derivative suits under state law. 
The fiduciary discourse obligation could similarly be enforced on behalf of other 
stakeholders through "stakeholder derivative" suits to enforce directors' obligations to 
them. "€* Or the standard might be enforced by ex ["2211 tending the reach of the federal 
securities laws to non-shareholding stakeholders. 
2. Integrity in Firm Governance 
As noted above, since the 1930s corporate law scholars have for the most part been 
pre-occupied with the "agency problem" in corporate law. -4* One of the most prominent 
contemporary analysts of the agency problem, Michael Jensen, has late in his career 
come to the conclusion that the traditional agency problem has been well-enough solved. 
'99 Jensen, working with co-authors Werner H. Erhard and Steve Zaffron, asserts that the 
more pressing contemporary problem of unrealized corporate value relates not to failures 
in the principal-agent relationship, but rather failures in the more intimate relationship 
between the agent and herself. Jensen refers to this as the problem of "integrity"-or the 
lack of integrity, in the life of the agent. What is of particular interest to the present inquiry 
is Jensen's conclusion that the "integrity" of corporate agents can be improved through the 
adoption r222J of a different kind of discourse norm than presently prevails in corporate 
speech. "99
By integrity, Jensen means wholeness, completeness, and coherence. 9' People or 
systems that lack integrity always underperform, sometimes catastrophically. '4* He argues 
that things, processes, individuals, and relationships all have more "workability" when they 
operate with integrity. Critics may argue that Jensen's new project differs little from familiar 
concepts of efficiency and that all that is new here is a proposal to pursue a presently 
underappreciated approach to efficiency gains. This critique is almost inevitable given 
Jensen's insistence that his program of integrity is not a normative guidepost but an 
agnostic map of "workability." ^99 Others might reasonably think that while it is nice to have 
Jensen in the conversation, work on the relationship between integrity and productivity has 
been a long-standing theme in progressive-especially feminist-corporate theory. rim I 
nevertheless think Jensen's work is valuable as an illustration of this Article's claim that 
discourse norms can be instrumentally deployed to achieve desired results in corporate 
operations. 
Jensen argues that the best way that individuals and relationships can operate with 
integrity is through people living by their "word." To be a person of integrity a person must 
honor their word. Now, for Jensen, honoring one's word is not the same as keeping one's 
word. To keep one's word means to do or not do exactly what you say you will. But only a 
person with a very small life, and very few responsibilities, could possibly keep their word 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077544 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223728 
EFTA01379763

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379764.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 32 
Health Matrix 189, * 
n15 In his recent monograph on director primacy. Stephen Bainbridge invites us to imagine corporate law coming out of a 
meeting between the parties to the corporate contract around a hypothetical "conference table? BAINBRIDGE, supra note 11. 
at 31. Bit tiling us to think of corporate law as coming out of a conference room invites us to forget one of the most important 
elements of the nexus of contracts conception, and that is that these are not negotiated terms. The "poetic" nature of the 
"conference table" abstraction should be highlighted rather than obscured when we talk about corporate law in theory and 
practice. 
n16 Social psychologists refer to the sticky default phenomena as the 'endowment effect." See Jon Hanson & David Yosifon, 
The Situational Character: A Critical Realist Perspective on the Human Animal. 93 GEO. L J 1. 41-42 (2004) (hereinafter The 
Situational Character) (reviewing endowment effect): see also KENT GREENFIELD. THE FAILURE OF CORPORATE LAW: 
FUNDAMENTAL FLAWS AND PROGRESSIVE POSSIBILITIES 16-18 (2006) (recognizing the stickiness of defaults in 
corporate law). 
n17 Donald Langevoorl describes pan of what I have in mind when I refer to "discourse norms." when he speaks of the 
"regulati(on ) of human and organization discourse: who determines what meaning can property be drawn from what someone 
says or does not say. and with what sort of guidance for making hard judgments about what was meant." Donald C. 
Langevcon. Half-Truths: Protecting Mistaken Inferences by Investors and Others. 52 STAN. L. REV. 87. 124 (1999). 
n18 See generally ROBERT ELUCKSON. ORDER WITHOUT LAW: HOW NEIGHBORS SETTLE DISPUTES (1991) 
(analyzing the power of norms in the extra-legal regulation of conduct): see also Eric A. Posner. Law. Economics. and Inefficient 
Norms, 144 U. PA L. REV. 1697 (1995) (critiquing norm-based regulation). 
n19 This example is drawn from Stephen Gillers' discussion of the lawyer's ethical obligation of candor to the tribunal in his 
excellent casebook. STEPHEN GILLERS. REGULATION OF LAWYERS: PROBLEMS OF LAW AND ETHICS 401-06 (8th ed.. 
2009). Neither Gillers nor I intend to be characterizing Clinton's actual statements to his wife in that most personal of 
conversations. Indeed, the statement there is no sexual relationship" was really made not by Clinton. but in an affidavit by 
former Office of the President intern Monica Lewinsky, and later by Chnton's lawyer, William Bennett. when characterizing 
Lewinsky's affidavit. When Clinton said that "it depends on what the meaning of the word 'is' is" he was responding to a 
question asking whether Bennett was tying when he said it. Id. at 404. Arguably, Clinton was trying to protect his lawyer as 
much as himself. In her memoir Hillary Clinton states that when reports of Bill's affair broke in January of 1998, "I questioned Bill 
over and over . . . . he continued to deny any improper behavior. . . "HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON. LIVING HISTORY 441 
(2003). Later that year, she writes. 
he told me for the first time that the situation was much more serious than he had previously acknowledged. He now 
realized that he would testify that there had been inappropriate intimacy. He told me that what had happened between them had 
been brief and sporadic. He couldn't tell me seven months ago, he said, because he was too ashamed to admit it and he knew 
how angry and hurt I wotid be. 
Id. at 466. In his memoir. Clinton writes that when he acknowledged the affair to his wife, 1 still didn't understand why I 
had done something so wrong and stupid; that understanding would come slowly, in the months of working on our relationship 
that lay ahead? BILL CLINTON. MY UFE 800 (2004). 
n20 Bronston v. United States. 409 U.S. 352, 358-59 (1973) ("It a witness evades. it is the lawyer's responsibility to recognize 
the evasion and to bring the witness back to the mark, to flush out the whole truth with the tools of adversary examination."). 
n21 See In re Caremark Intl Inc. Derivative Ling.. 698 A.2d 959. 967493 (Del. Ch. 1996) (quoted in In re Cifigroup Inc. 
Shareholder Derivative Litigation. 964 A2d. 106,122 (Del. Ch 2009)). The court states.
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077550 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223734 
EFTA01379764

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379765.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 34 
Health Matrix 189, * 
n27 I have previously argued that one practical, constitutionally permissible. and normatively estimable way of constraining the 
adverse influence of corporate advertising is to focus on the extent to which commercial speech is misleading, and develop a 
more psychologically informed conception of how human beings can be misled through manipulation of unseen cognitive and 
motivational biases and vulnerabilities. See Resisting Deep Capture, supra note 22 at 542-83. But enforcement of any 
consumer protection standards by external government administration suffers from regulatory inefficiencies that are well 
documented. See The Public Choke Problem in Corporate Law, supra note 8. 
n28 See, e.g., Gregory S. Carpenter et al.. Meaningful Brands from Meaningless Differentiation: The Dependence on Irrelevant 
Altnbutes, 31 J. OF MARKETING RES. 339 (1994). Carpenter and his colleagues designed an experimental setting in which 
they asked subjects to rank their preferences for products said to have various attributes. The experiment deliberately included 
objectively meaningless bluster in its description of some product attributes. Id. at 342. For example, in one version of the 
experiment, the researchers presented subjects with hypothetical down jackets, most of which were said to contain "regular 
down filling: but one of which was said to contain "alpine class down fill." The latter attribute was wholly meaningless (the 
researchers just made up the term and the attribute "alpine class down fill."). Id. When asked to evaluate the products the 
subjects consistently ranked the 'alpine class down fill' jackets as being superior to those described as having regular down fill, 
thus "demonstrating that buyers positively value the differentiated brand if the true value of the irrelevant attribute is not 
revealed to them." Id. at 343. 
The experimenters explained this outcome by reference to the fact that their subjects were engaged in a decision-making 
process characterized by limited cognitive resources and limited time. (This is true of all subjects, all consumers, and all 
humans-our brains and our time on Earth are finite, and thus our ability to take in and process information about the world 
around us is limited. See generally The Situational Character. supra note 16 (reviewing social science of human decision-
making and its relevance for legal analysis)). Carpenter et al.'s subjects relied on a host of cognitive heuristics. short-cuts. and 
nies-of-thumb, to aid them in their decision-making. These decision-making processes can be relatively easily manipulated. as 
Carpenter et al's study helps to demonstrate. For example. one heuristic that humans regularly employ. according to social 
scientists. is a general theory of communication welch holds that "the purpose of communication is to inform, to communicate 
something not already known? Carpenter et al.. supra note 28. at 341 (citation omitted). Thus. consumers are cognitively 
biased towards believing that information communicated to them will be meaningful. Id. Additionally. because our limited 
cognitive powers preclude us from assessing every element of circumstances in which we find ourselves, we tend to focus our 
evaluative efforts on those elements in a given environment which are most highly salient. This cognitive tendency can be 
highly useful, as for example when walking through the woods we might ignore the pallid dynamics of the bugs or worms in our 
path and focus instead on the rather vivid Mountain Lion in front of us. Carpenter et al. argue that these dynamics were at work 
in their down jacket study: "The irrelevant attribute makes the differentiated brand distinctive in consumers' minds-not only 
different but more salient. perhaps perceptually dominant. and therefore preferred." Id. at 341 (citation omitted). 
Our cognitive frailties thus leave us vulnerable to manipulation by discursive methods that the law calls "mere" puffery. 
Unfortunately, the social science also suggests that the manipulative power of advertising irrelevant product attributes is not 
easily cured by simply pointing out the source of the manipulation. After their basic design. Carpenter et at. took their inquiry a 
step further. They revealed to their subjects that the term "alpine class down filr was meaningless. and that the down in jackets 
containing it was no different than regular down fill. Even after being informed that the "alpine class down filr bluster was 
meaningless, subjects persisted in evaluating the "alpine class down fir jackets more favorably than the regular jackets. Id. at 
341.43. 'Subjects preferred the differentiated brand regardless of the information revealed to them, suggesting that the primary 
impact of the irrelevant attribute was to increase the competitive salience of its brand' Id. at 344. 
Carpenter and his co-authors rigNly conclude that findings such as these cast doubt on the conventional models of 
consumer behavior that inform many areas of law and social policy: 
Our results are somewhat disquieting for the model of rational choice. Central to this view is the notion that preferences 
are fixed. exogenous. and revealed by choice. In this context. more information improves decision making-better informed 
consumers make better judgments. Irrelevant information in such a framework is immaterial and should not affect decisions. We 
show that irrelevant information does indeed have an impact. A brand attribute may not have objective value. Rather, 
preferences for it may be constructed in response to the context in which valuation is made. This suggests that. contrary to the 
model of rational choice, preferences are endogenous, that is. constructed rather than revealed, and more information can bias 
decisions systematically. 
Id. at 348 (citation omitted). Findings such as these cast doubt in particular. I argue. on the shareholder primacy theory of 
corporate law, which presumes that the profit-motive serves not just shareholder interests but also consumer interests. by 
forcing firms to discern consumer interests and serve them. If it is true, as the social science suggests. that corporations can 
often pursue profits for shareholders by manipulating or misleading consumers, rather than discerning and serving consumer 
desires. then we may have reason to doubt the social utility of shareholder primacy in firm governance. See also Resisting 
Deep Capture. supra note 22, at 525-38 (reviewing contradictions between the law's assumptions and social science's 
conclusions about the power of puffery). 
n29 See Resisting Deep Capture. supra note 22 at 521 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077552 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223736 
EFTA01379765

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379766.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 40 
Health Matrix 189, * 
n68 See BAINBRIDGE. supra note 11. at 100-05. 
n69 See id. at 104. 
n70 See. e.g.. Edward B. Rock, Saints and Simers: How Does Delaware Corporate Law Work. 44 UCLA L. REV. 1009, 1013-
1016 (1997) (arguing that "Delaware opinions can be understood as providing a set of parables-instructive tales-of good 
managers and bad managers": these tales then "provide a supplemental source of gossip, criticism, and sanction for this set of 
actors [i.e., directors and officersr); see also Lyman Johnson. Counter-Narrative in Corporate Law. Saints and Sinners, 
Apostles and Epistles, 2009 MICH. STATE L. REV. 847 (2039) (extending Rock's thesis with special reference to the role of the 
business press). 
n71 See BAINBRIDGE. supra note 11. at 134-53. 
n72 Fairfax, supra note 26, at 816 n.223 ("Indeed, the consistency principle suggests that the multiplicity problem may 
undermine achievement of all the goals encompassed by the stakeholder rhetoric. including goals associated with shareholder 
concerns."). This is precisely the problem, and the reason why behavioral insights about trust discourse must not be used to try 
to deepen shareholder primacy. 
n73 FRANK EASTERBROOK & DANIEL FISCHEL. THE ECONOMIC STRUCTURE OF CORPORATE LAW 38 (1991). The 
'two masters" formulation is an allusion to the Gospel of Matthew. Matthew 6:24 (Revised Standard Version) ("No one can 
serve two masters: for either he wit either hate the one and love the other, he will or be devoted to one and despise the other. 
You cannot serve God and mammon."). 
n74 See BAINBRIDGE. supra note 11. at 45-50, 60-65. 
n75 See Hill & O'Hara. supra note 60. at 1720. 1745. 
n76 Fairfax, supra note 26. at 803. 
n77 Hill & O'Hara, supra note 60, at 1720. 
n78 See supra text accompanying notes 41-56. 
n79 Kahan refers to this as the requirement of "expressive candor." Kahan, supra note 45, at 145. 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077558 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223742 
EFTA01379766

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379767.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 41 
Health Matrix 189, * 
n80 Id. 
n81 Id. Kahan provides several examples of the utility of "expressive overdetermination" in public health regulation. For 
example, he argues that world-view conflicts had inhibited the development of sowd anti-pollution policies in the 1970s and 
1983s. To critics of the anti-nuclear power movement of those decades. 'it became obvious . . . that the perception of nuclear 
risks was a product of 'cuttural bias' on the part of egalitarian collectivists whose 'sectarian' worldview would be affirmed by the 
gutting of the nuclear industry." But similar biases were easily seen to be animating any given proponent of nuclear power since 
"risk dismissiveness suited the needs of the 'market individualist,' whose reverence for private orderings predisposed him (or 
her) to a belief in the resilience of nature and the evolutionary wisdom of markets?' Id. at 140. However. widespread support for 
emissions regulation was finally engendered in the 1990s because of the "expressive overdetermination" of innovative reforms 
like tradable emissions legislation. Such laws "simultaneously affirmed egalitarians' commitment to environmental protection 
and individualists' commitment to markets as a means of attaining societal ends." Id. at 146. 
n82 Douglas Kysar, The Consultants' Republic, 121 HARV. L REV. 2041, 2073 (2008) (book review) (interpreting Kahan). 
n83 Kahan, supra note 45, at 145 
n84 I have previously critiqued "expressive overdetermination" for its "unwarranted agnosticism" regarding the content of world-
views and have urged policymakers to focus instead on repudiating cognitive frameworks. such as "dispositionism." that we 
know to be false. even if they are intuitively appealing. See David G.Yosifon. Legal Theoretic Inadequacy and Obesity Epidemic 
Analysis. 15 GEO. MASON L. REV. 681. 724-33 (2006). Here I am concerned with pursuing the ways in which Kahan's model 
might usefully be employed by corporations in their external and internal speech. 
n85 Professor Lyman Johnson's call to authorize religious language in the boardroom might provide a practical adjunct to the 
project of expressive-overdetermination in board governance. Lyman Johnson, Faith and Faithfulness in Corporate Theory. 56 
CATH. U. L. REV. 1 (2007). Johnson laments what he sees as the impoverished quality of discourse in the corporate 
boardroom. Pursuing a richer conception of what constitutes "good faith" conduct on the part of corporate directors, Johnson 
argues that the hyper-secular nature of boardroom discourse norms precludes directors from drawing on the rich reservoirs of 
"good faith"-like language from their spiritual or religious traditions when they talk about what is required of themselves and their 
fellow board members. Because language abhors a vacuum, this prohibition leads to board-room discussions that are denuded 
of all the qualities of language that make grappling with hard questions manageable in other areas of life. Licensing a wider 
range of "good faith" vocabulary might be of practical benefit to a board deliberating on multiple stakeholder interests in an 
expressively over-deterministic fashion. Johnson has in mind mostly the stories, metaphors, psalms, epigrams, and proverbs 
that are part of the world's various religious traditions. Id. at 31.34. 
n86 I do not suggest that so dramatic an expansion of fiduciary obligations could be accomplished through judicial imovation 
alone. Legislative action at the state or federal level would be required. The detailed specification of what statutory language 
would be necessary to institutionalize multi-stakeholder corporate governance is beyond the scope of this article. My primary 
concern here has been with demonstrating, first, that such a standard is necessary, and second, that such a standard can be 
accomplished by altering the discourse norms that underlie corporate speech to and about its various stakeholders. 
Nevertheless, something as straightforward as the following would suffice to begin to shift corporate law dynamics in the 
desired direction it it were incorporated into state corporate law: "The board of directors shall manage the firm in the best 
interests of the corporation's shareholders, workers. and consumers." TWs kind of broad legislative innovation could then be 
fleshed oil through corporate law's traditional reliance on the courts to develop workable rules for particular circumstances and 
recurring problems, perhaps in ways suggested by this Article. Because states compete against each other for corporate 
chartering fees, and because shareholders benefit from the presentty dominant shareholder primacy regime. legislative reform 
in any one state (e.g., Delaware) calling for multiple-stakeholder governance is unlikely to be effective, as firms would simply 
reincorporate in a different state that seeks to benefit from chartering fees by continuing to offer shareholder primacy in its 
corporate law. Such a "race to the bottom" (from the perspective of non-shareholding stakeholders) may require a move 
towards federal chartering of corporations. The federalization of corporate law has already been underway in piecemeal 
fashion, though departure from shareholder primacy has not yet been on the menu. See generally Stephen Bainbridge, The 
Creeping Federalization of Corporate Law, 26 REG. 26 (2003) (arguing that the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation was the most 
dramatic expansion of federal regulatory power). 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077558 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223743 
EFTA01379767

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379768.pdf
----------------------------------------
Page 44 
Health Matrix 189, * 
n106 Jensen demonstrates the power of the integrity discourse norm by embodying din the public delivery of his work. When 
he spoke at Stanford University, supra note 3. he promised in a confident staccato to deliver something new that would change 
every aspect of all of our lives. He said the integrity norm has revolutionized the operation of companies with which he is 
involved. including SSRN. which he founded and helps run as a private for-profit enterprise. Acknowledging that his audience-
comprised of business scholars, lawyers, directors and officers of publicly traded firms-was likely not used to "such blunt talk," 
he confessed to us that he had cheated on his wife, had affairs that ruined his marriage and hurt his family-his daughter was in 
the room, he said she would corroborate it. He said he would have been a better man, a greater scholar, if he had lived his life 
with integrity (this is one of the most important business scholars of the last fifty years). He noted happily that it is not just SSRN 
which is thriving. but also his romantic relationship with a new partner, with whom he is in integrity. The talk is available in its 
entirety on the website of Stanford University Law School's Rock Center for Corporate Governance. Id. 
n107 See supra notes 4-5 and accompanying text. 
n108 488 A.2d 858 (Del. 1985). In the Van Gorkom case several directors of Trans-Union, Inc., a large publicly traded 
corporation, were found to have violated their fiduciary obligations to the shareholders when they sold the company for too low 
of a price. Id. at 864-70, 888. The directors were held liable not because of the substance of their decision. but because of their 
failure to become informed and to deliberate as a board about the value of the company and the proposed transaction. Id. at 
893. (The company was actually sold at a substantial premium over market price, but the sale was pulled off in a very short 
amount of time, without substantial process). Id. at 864-70. Van Gorkom establishes the modern standard of directorial liability-
there is no liability for substantively bad decisions, but there is liability for failing to deliberate about decisions in an informed. 
good faith-fashion. 
n109 Corporate speech to shareholders is presently heavily regulated both by state corporate law and federal securities laws 
which impose substantial disclosure requirements in connection with the sate of securdies; such regulations have so far not 
been struck down on First Amendment grounds. See generally Aleta G. Estreicher. Securities Regulation and the First 
Amendmert, 24 GA. L REV. 223 (1990) (analyzing application of First Amendment to the federal securities Laws): Nicholas 
Wolfson, The First Amendment and the SEC, 20 CONN. L. REV. 265, 265-266 (1988) ("examinng the impact of the first 
amendment on the principal areas of SEC regulation" and arguing that corporate proxy statements, prospectuses, accounting 
statements. and the like are all methods of expression that should be fully protected by the First Amendment.). 
n110 See supra text accompanying notes 10-14. 
n111 See supra text accompanying notes 5-6 and 22. 
n112 See supra text accompanying notes 80-89. 
n113 See supra text accompanying notes 90-109 
n114 Supra note 3 and accompanying text 
n115 See supra note 4 (citing literature on corporate complicity in public health problems including the tobacco epidemic, the 
obesity problem, and envirorrnental degradation). 
For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077562 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_0022370 
EFTA01379768

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379769.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: 
6/24/2019 11:04:13 AM 
To: 
Robert Roberge 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
GMIS Report - May 2019 - Stewart Oldfield [I] 
Attachments: SO KIN May 2019.pdf 
Classification: For Memel use only 
Rob. 
See attached. Thanks. 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley GiIlin 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 
New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077565 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223749 
EFTA01379769

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379770.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Mon-
Sent: 
12/24/2013 9:1 :30 AM 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez 
CC: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: wire additions in orrna ion nee e 
Attachments: pic28735.gif; pic05678.gif 
Aracely, thanks, i know we are doing what we can, would it be helpful for 
Rich's office to reach out to them? 
Paul Morris 
managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
From: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcom 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
cc: 
Paul Morris 
Date: 
12/24/2013 09:04 Am 
Subject: 
Re: wire additional information needed 
Rich- Our back office has reached out to the beneficiary bank three times and 
has escalated the case but no response so far. Just reached out to Banking 
Operations again and will keep you posted. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28735.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05678.gif) 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcom4OBAMERICAS, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077566 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223750 
EFTA01379770

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379771.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date: 
12/20/2013 09:38 AM 
Subject: 
Re: wire additional information needed 
any update? 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Dec 19, 2013, at 4:04 PM, Aracely Sanchez caracely.sanchez@db.com> wrote: 
Nothing yet.. I've asked our back office to reach out again. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Mana ement 
securities offered through Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
To: 
Aracely sanchez/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAs, 
Date: 
12/19/2013 03:45 PM 
Subject: 
Re: wire additional information needed 
any update on this? 
please advise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077567 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223751 
EFTA01379771

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379772.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Dec 19, 2013, at 9:01 AM, Aracely Sanchez 
wrote: 
Good morning Rich- I forwarded the information provided. Our back office 
has reached out to the beneficiary bank. we are waiting for a response 
as to what information is missing. Hopefully the address is enough and 
will keep you posted. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: 
Richard Kahn 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcomODBAmERICAS, 
Date: 
12/18/2013 01:02 PM 
Subject: 
Re: wire additional information needed 
recipient of wire just confirmed that wire instructions we sent you were 
correct 
only new information i have is bank address: Lopuszanska 38d 02-232 
Warszawa 
can you please confirm what information is missing? 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
Om Dec 18, 2013, at 11:22 AM, Aracely Sanchez <aracely.sanchez@db.com> 
wrote: 
Classification: External Communication 
Rich-lust following up on the below. were you able to obtain additional 
information? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077568 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223752 
EFTA01379772

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379773.pdf
----------------------------------------
<graycol.gifiAracely Sanchez 
 Original Message  
From: Aracely Sanchez 
Sent: 12/17/2013 10:39 AM EST 
To: 
wire a
 needed 
Rich- As a follow up to our conversation this is the message we 
received. 
WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT THIS TRANSACTION CANNOT BE APPLIED WITH THE 
INFORMATION GIVEN 
PLEASE PROVIDE ADDITIONAL DETAILS TO ENABLE THE BENEFICIARY BANKS TO 
APPLY FUNDS.. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
<13126977.gif> 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
<13058713.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077569 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223753 
EFTA01379773

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379774.pdf
----------------------------------------
GMIS 
IP in. owes. ' 
May 
YTD 
YTD 
7019 
2019 
20: 
IUSD rust 
i , 
**wart Oklaeld 
972  2.628 
2,497 
US183900100000570648 ADIXESHAVAR 
Tr+. 
750 
1313 
76% 
KM Report (Client-Leve) - 1.CRM: Stewart Oldfield 
May 2019 
MIN 2019 
May 201$ 
TUSD 
To, 
959,285 
589,129 
December 
7018 
1050 
427,620 
370,156 
63% 
531,665 
GroAth YoY 
LUSO
rA 
GHPAth YID 
124% 
May 2019 
YID 2019 YID 2018 
TUSD 
NNS as 
GroMA YQY 
% of 
C8 
TUSO 
87,843 
470,810 
208,966 261.844 
125% 
3,299 
3,778 
3,183 
116 
3,732 
(3,616) 
(97%) 
U5183900100000580106 ASHLEY 
313 
1.012 
669 
343 
51% 
614,796 
175,003 
176.221 
439,793 
251% 
438,575 
249% 
101,152 
438,575 
175.003 263.572 
151% 
HOLDINGS 
1,15183900100000474 263 BOIES FAMILY 
(1) 
(18%) 
4,986 
4,841 
4,710 
145 
3% 
276 
6% 
(2) 
(16) 
390 
(406) 
(104%) 
0% 
U5183900100000535503 DEERING! 
(12) 
(100%) 
106,559 
(106,559) 
(100%) 
(5) 
(100%) 
(2) 
(8,003) 
8,000 
100% 
1,293 
CROSBY 
US183900100000492969 DZIALGA 
D 
(100%) 
100% 
KIRSTEN & 14 
U51133900100000474212 ELLIN 
(18%) 
199 
257 
200 
(59) 
(23%) 
(1) 
(1%) 
(1) 
(100%) 
0% 
HOWARD 
U5183900100000483 288 ELYSIUM 
(17%) 
270 
(270) (100%) 
(3%) 
(1) 
(100%) 
0% 
MANAGEMENT 
115183900100000492971 GENERAL 
(100%) 
2,892 
(2,892) (100%) 
D 
(100%) 
ATLANTIC FA 
05183900100000167879 JOCKEY CLUB 
57% 
72,117 
57,879 
55,746 
19,238 
33% 
21,371 
38% 
14,949 
17,076 
(2.104) 
19,180 
911% 
22°/, 
U5183900100000427075 LINDEMANN 
163 
253 
253 
198,698% 
38.373 
1.219 
995 
37.154 
3.047% 
37,378 
3.757% 
2,093 
19,344 
19,304 
48586% 
50% 
266 
264 
JR GEORGE 
U5183900100000437597 MCM CAPITAL 
D 
PARTNER 
O5183900100000498424 PARA MI 
1,772 
1,755 
1.772 
1% 
1% 
121 
CAPITAL 
MAMA 
U5183900100000572427 RASHID AU 
(2) 
(10%) 
4,892 
5,030 
4,694 
(137) 
( 3%) 
199 
4% 
(152) 
125 
2,013 
(1,885) 
(94%) 
3% 
O5183900100000550997 SAFANAD 
379 
758 
758 
05183900100000481998 5K FAMILY 
2.488 
(2,488) (100%) 
535 
(535) 
(100%) 
OFFICE 
U5183900100000483240 SOUTHERN 
383 
(334) 
(86%) 
65,0114 
19,006 
(65,084) (100%) (18.006) 
(100%) 
(54,411) 
(2,155) (52,255) (2,425%) 
146 
FINANCIAL 
US:183900100000499740 THE 
(4) 
(28%) 
32,906 
38.726 
36,710 
(5,820) 
(I5%) 
(3,804) 
(10%) 
(747) 
(5.390) 
(407) 
(4,983) (1,226%) (16%) 
153 
136 
NATIONAL 
ORGANI 
O5183900100000490 359 THIRD LAKE 
440 
350 
26% 
155,773 
121,686 
125,323 
34,087 
28% 
30,450 
24% 
(29,661) 
30,450 
39,993 
(9543) 
(24%) 
20% 
(20) 
CAPITAL 
05183900100000434982 VOLPE NOEL 
(15) 
(100%) 
3,417 
( 3,417) 
(100%) 
(72) 
100% 
105 
U5183900100000583134 ZUECH CHRIS 
25.173 
25,173 
25,100 
34,172% 
206 
24,923 
24,923 
99% 
49% 
YID 
YTD °roe 
2019 
2018 
t 
55:: 
by: 
1,n 2019 X,4: 5: 
Geocra0:4 tr, 
nance 
. 
4% 
4% 
71% 
459 
(397) 
(5) 
1,291 
Deutsche Batik 
(21) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077571 
SDNY_GM_00223755 
(479) 
(13%) 
116 
888% 
EFTA01379774

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379775.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Relational Junction la 
Sent: 
7/9/2019 6:54:54 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
The Haze Trust has been changed to an Inactive Prospect in DB Force 
All the Accounts associated to The Haze Trust are now closed. Because there are no open accounts, The 
Haze Trust has been changed in DB Force from a Client to a Prospect, the Status has been changed from 
Active to Inactive, and the 'Former client' field has been checked. 
If you wish to reactivate The Haze Trust, change the Status back to Active in the Customer record. 
If you are already logged into DB Force, click here to view this record (or copy and paste the link into 
your open DB Force window): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/001600000Orrino 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077572 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223756 
EFTA01379775

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379776.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Relational Junction [ 
Sent: 
7/12/2019 7:06:42 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Darren K. Indyke PLLC has been changed to an Inactive Prospect in DB Force 
All the Accounts associated to Darren K. Indyke PLLC are now closed. Because there are no open accounts, 
Darren K. Indyke PLLC has been changed in DB Force from a Client to a Prospect, the Status has been 
changed from Active to Inactive, and the 'Former client' field has been checked. 
If you wish to reactivate Darren K. Indyke PLLC, change the Status back to Active in the customer record. 
If you are already logged into DB Force, click here to view this record (or copy and paste the link into 
your open DB Force window): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/0016000000tuOjm 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077573 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223757 
EFTA01379776

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379777.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Anthony Valvo 
Sent: 
7/16/2019 10:32:52 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: SMO overview II] 
Perfect. I actually asked Andrew to bring me up to speed on this early this morning. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 10:02 AM 
To: Anthony Valvo 
Subject: FW: SMO overview Di 
Classification: For Internal use only 
It's all a little dated now, but here's some background from last year's MD process that I think will be helpful to you. Will 
send a couple of other things your way before we meet tmw. Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2018 12:09 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: SMO overview 
> 
Some thoughts based on our discussions. I've shared with Patrick so he has more color. Thanks 
Career overview: 
20yrs in banking overall 
• 
16yrs investment banking/capital markets (JPM and CS) 
• 
yrs private banking (DB) 
• 
CFA and CAIA charterholder. Series 7,9,10,24,63 licenses 
JP Morgan Investment Bank (1998-2002) 
• 
Debt capital markets/structured credit 
Credit Suisse Investment Bank (2002-2014) 
• 
Equity derivatives, structured investments, liquid alternatives 
• 
Covered private clients (via CS private bank) for 12yrs 
• 
Ran single stock hedging business for 10yrs (2005-2014) 
• 
Ran structured notes distribution to private bank (2007.2011) 
• 
Led US sales effort of liquid alternative/quantitative strategies to family offices, insurance companies, pensions 
and fund-of-funds (2010-2014) 
Deutsche Bank (2014 to present) 
• 
Had 2 competing DB offers in 2014 — Investment Banking (derivatives) and Asset Mgmt (liquid alts). Sought 
advice from Chip Packard, whom I had known for 12yrs 
• 
Chip instead recruited me to join private bank, which was trying to become more investments-focused. Joined 
October 2014. 
• 
I was initially teamed up with Paul Morris, who had joined from JPM 2yrs prior and was struggling. KCP was 
fairly new in 2014 and ISG was not yet formed. 
• 
Paul had limited success and was asked to leave in 2016. 
• 
At various times here, I have been offered positions as head of ISG or member of KCP 
• 
Have never sold a share of DB stock 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077574 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223758 
EFTA01379777

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379778.pdf
----------------------------------------
Financial performance: 
2018 revenues - $4mm annualized 
2018 NNA $211mm 
2017 revenues - $1.7mm ($2.5mm exit run rate) 
2017 NNA $112mm 
2016 revenues (w/ Paul until May) — $1.6mm 
2016 NNA — negative. After winning $100mm in CDs, lost all during DOJ crisis 
2015 revenues (combined w/ Paul) — $1.3mm 
2014 revenues (Paul Morris)— $0.9mm 
Client highlights: 
Third Lake — had major relationship breakthrough in 2016. Won $107mm in deposits in DBTCA across 18 accounts. All 
deposits and 16 accounts were gone by the end of the year due to the DOJ news (the two remaining open accounts had 
less than $1 in them). Family CIO also left in 2016. Rebuilt trust in DB throughout 2017. Opened 37 new accounts in 
2017, ending year with $82mm in DBNY deposits. Have opened 16 more accounts for third generation of family and 
gained another $40mm in 2018. Total assets here are $122mm. 
Ashley Furniture — strong relationship with founding family (Wanek/Third Lake) led to introduction to corporate 
treasury staff. Won $175mm mandate for long-dated DBNY CDs. Lots more opportunity for GTB and credit over the 
coming months. 
Southern Financial — one of the most complicated client situations I've seen. They have been extremely vocal about our 
lack of trading capabilities since I joined. Withdrew large portion of assets during 2016 (not DOJ related). Client was 
offboarded by Global markets at the end of 2016 due to lack of profitability. Further internal issues nearly caused us to 
offboard the client completely. Client was quite close to Paul and viewed his departure as a negative. I've managed to 
salvage and massively improve this relationship in the last two years. To start, we won $50mm of deposits into DBNY in 
2017. We've also turned around the GM/trading issues via KCP. Client has been re-onboarded and ISDA reestablished, 
and is now the largest trading counterparty of the KCP capital markets group. Current balances are - $230mm across 
brokerage and deposits. 
MCM — Worked closely with Terri and KCP to win fundraising mandate. Successfully convinced KCP to take on the 3PI 
mandate. After introduction was complete, worked to establish credit line with DB structured credit group. MCM has 
also been mandated by DB to assist with DOJ consumer relief settlement. 
Internal DB highlights: 
Banker partnerships — In 2017 I began to work more closely with Terri Sohrab which led to success with MCM and 
greater collaboration on several other accounts. My background and skill set are complementary to Terris and we work 
well together. I've also worked a bit with Heather Kirby and Bruce McDermott. Recently, I've been working with 
Rosemary Vrablic and her team on an insurance premium finance trade for two of her clients, referred to the bank by 
one of my close relationships. Other bankers continue to seek me out to help on certain situations and I'm known as a 
team player. I think this is especially important in the current environment at the bank. 
Internal networks — I've become quite involved with our NextGen network and will continue to contribute to those 
efforts. I've sent clients to NextGen events since 2016 and attended the Innovation Summit with a client in 2017. Based 
on my involvement last year, I am part of the steering committee for 2018. I've helped Sarah with parts of the New York 
events and have discussed taking on a broader role with Paula Pullano. Finally, I've been involved with a global DB 
branding focus group. Corporate culture is very important to me and I would like to continue to get more involved. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077575 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223759 
EFTA01379778

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379779.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
21 2018 5:16:02 AM 
Subject: 
EMS/21081841936: Check Referrals: 42953424 -1131(1( 
Attachments: 1131-65.pdf 
Classification : For internal use only 
I-fi All, 
Please respond with a pay/no pay decision for the mentioned in the attachment - Signature not on file 
If any of the transactions are deemed fraudulent, you must immediately notify your business manager and report 
the fraud to PBFraudReporting. Please follow the steps detailed in the fraud procedures. 
https://dbpoli cyportal ntranet.db.com/gpag/pdf/090 le5be804 7bb 1 a/fi lename_is_null .pdf 
Please note that we must have a reply by 3:15 p.m (EST) today in order to meet the Federal Reserve Check 
Clearing returns guidelines. 
Thanks, 
Hemant K Sharma 
Regards, 
Signature Verification 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077578 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223782 
EFTA01379779

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379780.pdf
----------------------------------------
1131 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
51C0 RED HOCK QUARTER B3 
ST. THOMAS USVI 001302-1316 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST 
COMPANY AMERICAS 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 10154 
1.105-210 
PAY TO THE 
paver & Marble Professionals 
ORDER OF 
Six Thousand Five Hundred Fifteen and 00/100***" """"" —"ania"*""""»' 
8/1512018 
$ "6.515 00 
Paver & Marble Professionals 
201 W Ocean Ave • 3828 
Lantana, FL 33465 
MEMO 
Balance payment 
• 
I 
0001 
I:0 2 L0D 10 3 3i: OS 
>063102152C 08/17/2018 0002403313 
6071830 0004 00073 
-7---- 063102162r08/17/2018-0002403313 
6071830 0004 00073 
***Signature not on file*** 
Check Information 
Previous Decision 
Refer 
Signature not on file 
6,515.00 
Exception Type 
Hi aI
ar pull 
Account # 
Previous Reason 
Routing # 
21001033 
Amount 
Sequence # 
66007180 
Check # 
1131 
Account Information 
Account Name 
Neptune, LLC 
Account Number 
'Officer Code 
Branch Number 
Account Message 
Signature Required 
Internal Comments 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077579 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223763 
EFTA01379780

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379781.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Martin Zeman 
Sent: 
8/29/2018 9:26:30 AM 
To: 
'Richard Kahn' 
CC: 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
Subject: 
Address details 
Good morning, Richard, Darren, 
; 'Darren Indyke AOL' 
Stewart 0ldfield I 
I; Liam Osullivan 
I am being told that confirmations we send to the below address are being returned to us, stating "Return to Sender; 
Insufficient Address; Unable to Forward; Return to Sender". Can you please confirm the address for Mr. Epstein? 
Mailing address we have is: 
Little Saint James 
St Thomas 
VI 00802 
Thanks 
Martin 
Martin Zeman 
Director I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
DB Sectsities Inc 
345 Park Avenue 10154-0CO4 New York, NY. USA 
Tel 
Mobil 
Email 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the F1NRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies. characteristics and investment risks of, and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating. the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of OBSI or its affiliates prior to 
execution. and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only. and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set fodh herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction andror redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DEIS! or any 
Wits affiliates. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077580 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223764 
EFTA01379781

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379782.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
8/29/2018 9:57:51 AM 
To: 
Martin Zeman I 
CC: 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
Liam Osullivan 
; Richard laross 
Subject: 
RE: Address details 
Please put Brad and Rich on all JE emails. They can be helpful with some of this stuff. 
Thanks 
From: Martin Zeman 
Sent: Wednesday, August 29, 2018 9:27 AM 
To: 'Richard Kahn' 
Cc: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Subject: Address details 
Good morning, Richard, Darren, 
; 'Darren Indyke AOL' <a> 
; Stewart Oldfield 
Liam Osullivan 
; Bradley Gillin 
I am being told that confirmations we send to the below address are being returned to us, stating "Return to Sender; 
Insufficient Address; Unable to Forward; Return to Sender". Can you please confirm the address for Mr. Epstein? 
Mailing address we have is: 
little Saint James 
St Thomas 
VI 00802 
Thanks 
Martin 
Martin Zeman 
Director I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bar* Wealth Management 
DB Securities Inc 
345 Park Avenue 10154-O004 New York. NY, USA 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FARA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, characteristics and investment risks of, and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating. the ideas and products otiscussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of 0881 or its affiliates prior to 
execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only. and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction andior redistribution thereof fin whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DB& or any 
Wits affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077581 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223765 
EFTA01379782

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379783.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bradley Gillin 
Sent: 
8/31/2018 8:50:21 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield I 
Subject: 
Fwd: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd (GCISR499760) under the 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Attachments: image001.gif 
He can easily separate. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Vijay-A Sawant < 
Date: August 31, 2018 at 8:37:49 AM EDT 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>, Mayur Rathod < 
>, Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd 
(GCIS#499760) under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Hi Stewart, 
Because both accounts Mort & Gratitude are part of the same KYC (01977700), we require Mort COGS 
or SoS, so this case can be submitted. 
SoS is the screenshot of this entities registration confirmation from the state registry website. 
Alternatively you can provide us the COGS dated within the last 6 months for Mort. This is the only 
pending item for this case, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche cia Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore aon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Friday, August 31, 2018 5:52 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Richard larossi < 
>; Mayur Rathod < 
>; Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Re: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America Ltd 
(GCIS#499760) under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Do we need Mort to complete Gratitude? Also, what is SOS? Thanks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077582 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223766 
EFTA01379783

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379784.pdf
----------------------------------------
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Aug 31, 2018, at 6:59 AM, Vijay-A Sawant a> 
wrote: 
Good Morning Stewart, 
After receipt of the COGS for Gratitude America in attached email, we confirm that only 
the following items are pending for KYC Case#01977700 
• 
SOS & COGS for Mort Inc dated in last 6 months. Entity domiciled in US Virgin 
Islands. 
Once the above item is received, we will submit this case to the AML team for approval, 
thanks. 
Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche O8 Centre Private limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bt, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Gore on East, Mumbal 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile + 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, August 01, 2018 5:37 PM 
To: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Mayur Rathod < 
Subject: 2018 Periodic Review of accts Mort, Inc (GCIS#487266) and Gratitude America 
Ltd (GCIS#499760) under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hello Brad/Stewart, 
This review relates to review of above high-risked accounts due for remediation 
8/31/2018.
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077583 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223767 
EFTA01379784

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379785.pdf
----------------------------------------
Upon review of the docs available from repositories, we have completed attached 
checklists, identifying RP's below. List of pending items listed below — 
Acct Holder — Mort, Inc 
Director, Sole Shareholder & Authorized Signatory —Jeffrey Epstein 
Director, Vice President & Authorized Signatory — Darren Indyke 
Director & Treasurer — Richard Kahn 
• 
<!--[if !supportlistsj--><!--IendifJ-->Please confirm material changes to this 
account and whether RP's identified above are correct or not? 
• 
<!--[if !supporaists)--><I--(endifj-->We were unable to locate COI for this entity. 
Additionally we were unable to extract SoS from the US Virgin Islands registry website. 
Alternatively, kindly provide COGS for this entity, dated within the last 6 months. 
Acct Holder — Gratitude America Ltd 
President & Authorized Signatory — Jeffrey Epstein 
Director & Authorized Signatory — Richard Kahn 
Director, Treasurer & Authorized Signatory — Darren Indyke 
• 
<!--[if !supporaists)--><!--lendifj-->Please confirm material changes to this 
account and whether RP's identified above are correct or not? Please note that in some 
docs, Richard Kahn reflects in Self Certification form (signed in 2016) and Form 990 (also 
from 2016), both attached for reference. However Richard does not appear in the DB 
Non Profit Resolution signed in 2015. I have attached this doc as well for reference. 
Additionally from the last approved KYC 01790739 (from Aug 2017), Richard does not 
appear as an RP for this entity. Hence checking, kindly advise accordingly. 
• 
<!--[if !supportlistsj--><!-•[endifJ-->We were unable to locate COI for this entity. 
Additionally we were unable to extract SoS from the US Virgin Islands registry website. 
Alternatively, kindly provide COGS for this entity, dated within the last 6 months. 
We will proceed to launch this case upon your confirmation of the material changes 
onabove accounts, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche GB Centre PrNate Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel. 
Mobile + 
<mime-attachment> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077584 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223768 
EFTA01379785

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379786.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077585 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223789 
EFTA01379786

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379787.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
28 20181:53:51 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Daily Deposit Report 20180928 
RM CODE 
82289 
09/27/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
3,196,314.33 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,099,878.22 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION 
194,452.79 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
204,287.38 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
259,220.92 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,187,706.86 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
370,190.68 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
147,203.75 
PLAN D, LLC 
225,444.72 
JEGE, LAX 
284,777.18 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
184,512.01 
NES, LLC 
153,571.84 
LSJE, LLC 
214,598.52 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,025,199.80 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
128,670.99 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
249,210.45 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
197,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
2,503,667.84 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
217,747.50 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
2,468,673.24 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
705,280.50 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
313,926.78 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC - 
268,555.60 
THE HAZE TRUST 
30,642,184.04 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
1,535,257.07 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
103,074.87 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
10,127,240.31 
SSW 2007 LLC 
2,844,862.18 
KWF 2007 LLC 
2,809,596.95 
CRW 2007 LLC 
1,011,920.25 
GEW 2007 LLC 
1,012,166.21 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
7,897,201.36 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
2,808,063.91 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
5,067,759.49 
CRW 2009 LLC 
507,084.65 
GEW 2009 LLC 
507,094.05 
CODE 
82289 
09/27/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
D 
13,548,085.31 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
100,150.94 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
D 
100,150.94 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077587 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223771 
EFTA01379787

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379788.pdf
----------------------------------------
CAMERON WANEK 
.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
D 
150,623.85 
SHARI WAGNER 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
100,150.94 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
C 
20,390,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KWF 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
55W 2007 LLC 
C 
2,500,000.00 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
C 
25,170,000.00 
CRW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
GEW 2009 LLC 
C 
3,750,000.00 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
C 
302,105.76 
ALI RASHID 
C 
1,500,000.00 
ALI RASHID 
C 
500,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
5,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR C 
250,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
500,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
2,500,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
200,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
CODE 
82289 
09/27/18 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
2,500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,007,397.26 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,003,698.63 
If need help please contac 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077588 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223772 
EFTA01379788

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379789.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bella Klein 
Sent: 
10/10/2018 6:51:59 PM 
To: 
Richard larossi 
CC: 
Richard Kahn 
I; Stewart Oldfield 
I; Bradley Gillin 
Subject: 
Re: wiring limit 
Great 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Oct 10, 2018, at 6:13 PM, Richard larossi < 
Hi Bella, 
The wire limit has been increased to $20mn. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard larossi 
Assistant Vice Presidait 
Daitschc Bank Wealth Managanent 
345 Park Mame, 24th I•toor 
NMI 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Friday, October 05, 2018 2:04 PM 
To: Richard larossi 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Fwd: wiring limit 
> wrote: 
Attached please find the requested form. Please let us know when limit increase 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard larossi 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077589 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223773 
EFTA01379789

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379790.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: wiring limit 
Date: October 4, 2018 at 3:03:58 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 
Cc: Stewart Oldfiel 
Hi Richard, 
, Bradley Gillin 
Please have the attached form completed in order to have the limit 
raised to 20mm. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard Iarossi 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
----Original Message----
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Thursday, October 04, 2018 8:46 AM 
To: Richard Iarossi 
Cc: Stewart Oldfielca; 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: Re: wiring limit 
20mm please 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077590 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223774 
EFTA01379790

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379791.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Oct 3 2018 at 5:21 PM, Richard larossi 
wrote: 
Hi Richard, 
I am new member of the team here in New York 
working closely with Stewart and Brad. 
Please confirm if you would like to increase to 
15mm or 20mm as I will need to get internal 
approvals. I will also work on getting the 
necessary paperwork arranged and sent over ASAP. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard Iarossi 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities 
Inc. 
----Original Message----
From: Richard Kahn 
mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, October 02, 2018 10:03 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Richard larossi 
gc
>
Subject: Re: wiring limit 
no particular transaction however we sent 10mm 
wire out today and now can no longer do wires until 
tomorrow.. 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077591 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223775 
EFTA01379791

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379792.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Oct 2, 2018 at 9:50 AM Stewart 
Oldfield 
wrote: 
I definitely want you to be able to 
send us as much as you like . . . Let 
me find out what's involved in 
changing the limit. Is there a 
specific transaction you're looking 
at? 
Thanks 
—Original Message----
Sent: Tues ay, Octo er 02, 2018 
1:48 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: wiring limit 
it appears our daily maximum is 
10mm 
we would like to move to 15mm or 
20mm can you please look into 
paperwork that needs to be signed 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077592 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223776 
EFTA01379792

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379793.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain 
confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have received 
this communication in error) please 
notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or 
distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to 
https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal 
or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication 
should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential 
and/or privileged information. If you are not the 
intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender 
immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for 
additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, 
and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received 
this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately 
and destroy this communication. My unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is 
strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077593 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223777 
EFTA01379793

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379794.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kah 
Sent: 
10/11/2018 3:56:58 PM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
Re: we never tale a out ratitu e. et me now what you're thinking 
just left you a message at your office 
please call me when free 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York. NY 10022 
On Oct 11, 2018, at 1:43 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
<image001.png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bath Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bark Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077595 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223779 
EFTA01379794

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379795.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osi.Mvw 
Sent: 
10/15/2018 4:06:08 PM 
To: 
'Paul Barret 
CC: 
Davide-A Sferrazz. 
Subject: 
; Stewart Oldfield 
Trade Detai s -- 10 15/2018 (CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Paul, 
In SFFLC: 
Bought 40,000 AAPL at 218.9774. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
Liam O'Sullivan 
AVP I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
hard Kahn 
Martin Zeman 
• Alan Brody 
J; Xavier Avila 
Prepared on 10/15,2018 Source: Pershing NetX 360 
Unofficial trade confirmations use information from sources that the firm believes to be reliable. but Deutsche Bank Securities inc. cannot guarantee the 
accuracy of this information, or the reliability of these sources. Please refer to your official account statements and confirmations for all trade information. 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies. characteristics and investment risks of. and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its affiliates prior to 
execution. and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. Key Client Partners 
(KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non-
advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of 
its content without our written consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DBSI or any 
Grits affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077597 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223781 
EFTA01379795

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379796.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kimberly Hart 
Sent: 
10/22/2018 3:42:36 PM 
I; Richard larossi I 
CC: 
Bradley Gillin 
, Andrew Gallivan 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield I 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein - negative media HI 
Classification: For internal use only 
OK — but will need it documented as well. 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
lb floor, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 3:40 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart < 
>; Richard larossi < 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
; Andrew Gallivan < 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [I] 
Might be easiest to discuss. Please let me know when 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 2:30 PM 
To: Richard larossi 
Cc: Bradley Gillin < 
>; Stewart Oldfield <stewart.oldfield@db.com>; Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: FW: Epstein - negative media ill 
Classification: For internal use only 
It is hard for me to comment without additional information. I am comforted by the fact that the case was dismissed 
but it would be helpful to know the following: 
(1) 
Why was this suit brought against Mr. Epstein? What was his connection to Hoffenberg? 
(2) 
What was told to you by Mr. Epstein or his representatives regarding the claims? Did he serve as a "consultant" 
to TFC? 
(3) 
Why were the claims dismissed? 
(4) 
Has Andrew reviewed the information and is he comfortable maintaining the relationship with Mr. Epstein and 
his related entities? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077598 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223782 
EFTA01379796

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379797.pdf
----------------------------------------
k 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Divisional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 141" floor, New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Richard larossi 
Sent: Monday, October 22, 2018 1:36 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media III 
Stewart Oldfield 
aassification: For internal use only 
Hi Kim, 
I hope you had a nice weekend. 
Just wanted to follow up on the below. Attached is the Dismissal Notice for the latest lawsuit filed against Jeffrey 
Epstein. Compliance has asked that we obtain your approval to continue the KYC approval process. 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
Thank You, 
Rich 
Richard lamssi 
Assigant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wca1th Nlanagement 
345 Pak Avenue, 240i Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered thmugh Deutsche Bank tic-atones Inc. 
From: Richard larossi 
Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2018 5:22 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Cc: Bradley Gilli 
Subject: RE: Epstein - negative media [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Kim, 
Stewart Oldfield 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077599 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223783 
EFTA01379797

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379798.pdf
----------------------------------------
This just surfaced in our latest KYC reviews. Let's discuss what info I need from the client and then next steps. Thanks 
http://www.classactionsreporter.com/sites/default/files/towers ponzi scheme complaint.pdf 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077601 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223785 
EFTA01379798

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379799.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: 
10/23/2018 11:42:43 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
Accepted: Epstein discussion 
Location: 
Andrew's office 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
10/25/2018 9:00:00 AM 
10/25/2018 9:30:00 AM 
Busy 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077602 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223786 
EFTA01379799

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379800.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
10/26/2018 10:34:11 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
CC: 
Liam Osullivan 
Subject: 
Re: Butterfly brokerage 
Liam please advise what is needed as we would like account opened asap 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Oct 25, 2018, at 3:48 PM, Stewart Oldfield alinligm> 
wrote: 
Rich, 
Sorry for the delay here. This account will be traded by the KCP team that trades all of your other accounts. The 
account opening is now in Liam's very capable hands. He will reach out if he needs anything else, but I think you 
provided the last of the things we didn't have last week. 
Thanks 
<imageO01 png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bath Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bath Wealth Management 
10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077603 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223787 
EFTA01379800

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379801.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: Alka Babu 
; Inc.  Rathod < 
Subject: FW: J11111111,11.2"Itn Inc. a/c N4G0249S0 I 
Importance: High 
fyi 
Original Message 
From: Bradley Gillin 
Sent: Friday, November 02, 2018 7:08 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant < 
cc: Stewart oldfield 
Subject: FW: J Epstein Foun 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
>; Richard iarossi <fl 
c N46024950 [I] 
Vijay, 
See below email response from Richard Kahn, regarding your below rejection point on J. Epstein Virgin 
Islands Foundation Inc.: 
(6) Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) for the brokerage account of J. 
Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation In., granting signing auth for Erika Kellerhals. - will need DB 
Corporate Resolution for this brokerage account* N4G024950 
Regards, 
Brad 
Original Message 
From: Richard Kahn [mailtollel. 
Sent: Friday, November 02 
At.
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Subject: 3 Epstein Foun ation Inc. a c m40024950 
please note that Erika Kellerhals who is secretary and treasurer does not have signing authority on this 
account thank you and please contact me with any questions 
Richard Kahn 
KIRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New Iggiadg
tel 
fax nrrrer87. 
cell 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077606 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223790 
EFTA01379801

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379802.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
11/12/2018 12:00:55 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
RE: Alan can't meet Tuesday (tmw). How's Wed Thu? 
It doesn't unfortunately. When is he here next? 
From: Richard Kahn (mailtc 
Sent: Monday, November 12, 2018 11:59 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: Alan can't meet Tuesday (tmw). How's Wed/Thu? 
It appear mr Epstein now only in town today. Does this afternoon work? 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Nov 12, 2018, at 11:55 AM, Stewart Oldfiel 
wrote: 
c
,
<image003 png> 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https.i/db corn/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077607 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223791 
EFTA01379802

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379803.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
11/16/2018 11:56:02 AM 
To: 
Yoonsun Chung [ 
Subject: 
RE: Epstein Insurance Trust [I] 
Bradley Gillin 
Got it. I didn't read it that way the first time, but do now. Thanks for the clarification. Now I remember why I 
decided not to become a lawyer ... 
So, what info do we need on the brother? 
Thanks for staying with this one. 
From: Yoonsun Chung 
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2018 11:39 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield a; 
Bradley Gillin 
Subject: RE: Epstein Insurance Trust (I) 
Classification: Public 
Hello, 
Yes, that is the part you sent me — amendment of the benes AFTER his death. We are not interested (for the KYC 
purposes) the contingent beneficiaries. The amendment only amends the contingent beneficiaries. 
The amendment document specifically states that it is deleting all beneficiaries named under sections (b) (1) 
through (b) (6) of Article First of the Insurance Trust and added certain beneficiaries, who, upon the death of the 
grantor of the Insurance Trust, would be entitled to the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance 
Trust. Mark was listed in (b) (6), which deals with AFTER DEATH. 
However, the amendment did NOT modify section (a) of the First article, which identifies him as the person that 
could benefit from the trust until his death. 
I'm attaching the trust documents. It contains the amendment (page 4 -5 of the attachment). The original trust 
agreement follows the amendment. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077609 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223793 
EFTA01379803

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379804.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
CHANGE OF BFWEIFICIARIF,5 
WHEREAS, Darren K. Indyke and Lawrence Newman are the acting Trustees 
(the "Trustees") under the provisions of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE 
TRUST $3 (the "Insurance Trust"), dated November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section (b)(7) of 
Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, by written instrument dated January 27, 2012 (the 
"January 27 Instrument"), the Trustees deleted all of the beneficiaries named under 
Sections (b)(1) through (b)(6) of Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust and added certain 
beneficiaries, who, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, would be 
entitled to the principal and all accumulated income from the Insurance Trust; and 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section (b)(7) of 
Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, the Trustees desire again to delete all of the 
beneficiaries, who, pursuant to the January 27 instrument, were added as beneficiaries 
entitled to principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death 
of the Grantor thereof, and to add as beneficiaries upon the death of the Grantor of the 
insurance Trust the beneficiaries identified in this instrument; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted to the Trustees in Section 
(b)(7) of Article FIRST of the Insurance Trust, the Trustees hereby take the following 
action: 
1. 
The Trustees hereby delete all of the beneficiaries named, pursuant to 
the January 27 Instrument, as beneficiaries under the Insurance Trust entitled to the 
principal and all accumulated income of the Insurance Trust upon the death of the 
Grantor thereof, and direct that, upon the death of the Grantor of the Insurance Trust, 
all the principal and all accumulated Income from the Insurance Trust shall be 
distributed as follows: 
A. 
One hundred percent (100%) thereof to 
if she survives the Grantor, in separate trust, the provisions of w is h are set torts in 
Section 2 below. 
B. 
If 
does not survive the Grantor, one 
hundred percent (100%) t ereo to 
if she survives the 
Grantor. 
2. 
Any property directed to be held in trust for 
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2 shall be distribute as o ows: 
A. 
The Trustees may pay any part or all of the income and such sums 
from any part or all of the principal of the trust as the Trustees, in their discretion, from 
time to time and at an time, shall determine for any reason whatsoever to, for the benefit 
of, or on behalf of 
Any income not so paid shall annually bt 
added to the principal o t to trust. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077610 
SDNY_GM_00223794 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379804

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379805.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIIE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
TRUST AGREEMENT dated Narmtrr I , 2007 between 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN (the "Grantor") and DARREN K. INDYKE and 
LAWRENCE NEWMAN (the "Trustees"). 
The Grantor states that he is a domiciliary of and resides in 
Little St. James Island, United States Virgin Islands. 
The Grantor hereby transfers to the Trustees the property 
described in Schedule A hereto, to be administered and disposed of as 
provided in this agreement. 
FIRST 
Until the death of the Grantor, and subject to article SECOND, 
the Trustees shall retain such property, IN TRUST, for the following 
purposes. 
(a) 
In the discretion of the Trustees, to pay any part or all of 
the income, if any, or principal (including any insurance policy which may 
be owned by the trust) to the Grantor's brother, MARK LAWRENCE 
EPSTEIN. during the term of this trust. Any income not so paid shall 
annually be added to principal. 
(b) 
Upon the death of the Grantor, to dispose of the then 
remaining principal, if any, including any insurance proceeds or other 
414314 I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077612 
SDNY_GM_00223796 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379805

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379806.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 
GRANTOR'S REVOCATION OF DESIGNATION OF SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES 
WHEREAS, Jeffrey E. Epstein is the Grantor (the "Grantor") under the provisions 
of THE 2007 JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN INSURANCE TRUST #3 (the Insurance Trust"), dated 
November 1, 2007; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the Insurance 
Trust, designations of successor Trustees may be revoked in writing by the maker 
thereof at any time prior to the qualification of the Trustee so designated; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Article EIGHTH of the Insurance Trust, the Grantor 
originally designated Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustees 
under the Insurance Trust in the event that the current Trustees, Darren K. Indyke and 
Lawrence Newman, cease for any reasons to act as Trustee; 
WHEREAS, both Darren K. Indyke and Lawrence Newman are currently acting 
as Trustees and neither Eva Andersson Dubin nor Abigail S. Wenxer has qualified as 
Trustee; and 
WHEREAS, the Grantor desires by this instrument to revoke the designation of 
both Eva Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the power granted in Article EIGHTH of the 
Insurance Trust, the Grantor hereby revokes the Grant-TX 
esignation 
both Eva 
Andersson Dubin and Abigail S. Wexner as successor Trustee 
the Insurance 
Trust. 
Date: December 2 2012 
Receipt acknowledged b • 
DARREN K INDYKE, Trustee 
Regards. 
Brad 
Bradley GRIM 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 241h Fl 
New York. NY 10154 
JEFFREY 
TOR 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077615 
SDNY_GM_00223799 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01379806

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379807.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal USA only 
Hi Stewart, 
Following is the info you are seeking for the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP — 
Butterfly Trust 
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Signer 
Erika Kellerhals 
Darren L. Indyke 
PLLC 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Epstein, Jeffrey E. 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Gratitude America 
Ltd 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
HBRK Associates 
Inc 
Authorized Signer 
Richard D. 
Kahn 
Hyprerion Air, LLC 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
JEGE Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Darren K. 
Signer 
Indyke 
JEGE, LLC 
Authorized Jeffrey E. 
Signer 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Darren K. 
Signer 
Indyke 
JSC 
Interiors 
LLC 
Authorized Richard 
Signer 
Kahn 
Authorized Karyna 
Signer 
Shuliak 
LSJE, LLC 
Authorized Jeffrey E. 
Signer 
Epstein 
Authorized Darren K. 
Signer 
Indyke 
Plan 0 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Prytanee, LLC 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Caroline 
Sophie Camille 
Lang 
Authorized Signer 
Etienne Pierre 
Jean Binant 
Southern Financial 
LLC 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Jean Anne 
Brennan 
Wiebracht 
Southern Trust 
Company, Inc 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Jean Anne 
Brennan 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077619 
SDNY_GM_00223803 
EFTA01379807

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379808.pdf
----------------------------------------
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
J. Epstein Virgin 
Islands Foundation, 
Inc GCIS#486427 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Jeepers, Inc 
GCIS#486423 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Jean Anne 
Brennan 
Wiebracht 
Mort. Inc 
GCIS#487266 
Authorized 
Signer 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Neptune,
LLC 
GCIS#487264 
Authorized 
Signer 
Authorized 
Signer 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Harry Beller 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
NES, LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
GCIS#487265 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Wiebracht 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. 
Epstein Insurance 
Trust #3 
GCIS#487199 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Richard D. 
Kahn 
The 2017 
GCIS#575969 
Caterpillar Trust 
Authorized Signer 
Daphne 
Wallace 
Authorized Signer 
Lesley Groff 
Haze Trust 
GCIS#486428 
_The 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Jean Anne 
Brennan 
Wiebracht 
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
Zorro 
GCIS#550331 
Management, LLC 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Authorized Signer 
Brice M. 
Gordon 
All the authorized signers are derived from last approved respective KYC cases. Please note that the next 
account due for remediation as per our tracker is The 2017 Caterpillar Trust GCIS#575969. 
Kindly confirm whether we should continue with the review or not, in light of recent developments in 
this relationship? We will proceed accordingly, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223804 
DB-SDNY-0077620 
EFTA01379808

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379809.pdf
----------------------------------------
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CUB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063, India 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2018 10:47 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Vinita Advani 
; Mayur Rathod <=
>; Bradley Gilimn 
Subject: RE: Vijay, please call me when you can [II 
Classification: For Internal use only 
I think we need all of them anyway. There are accounts that we have opened and linked internally to 
the relationship but may not be directly affiliated. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2018 12:07 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Vinita Advani 
; Mayur Rathod 
Subject: RE: Vijay, please call me when you can [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Stewart, 
As per our call earlier today, I will prepare list of all Legal Representatives/Authorized Signors for all 
active accounts from the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP. 
During my initial review, I came across attached letter which indicates that Darren Indyke to be 
contacted for All accounts from this relationship. 
Could you advise if this doc alone, is satisfies your request or would you still need us to find out 
respective LR's on each active account from this relationship? 
We will proceed accordingly, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077621 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223805 
EFTA01379809

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379810.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche cm Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Ell, DB Centre Mumbai, NirIon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
dia 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2018 8:19 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Subject: Vijay, please call me when you can Ill 
Classification: For Internal use only 
<image002.png• 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077622 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223806 
EFTA01379810

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379811.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
12/25/2018 6:59:23 AM 
To: 
Zev Chopp 
Subject: 
Automatic reply: JEGE, Inc has been changed to an Inactive Prospect in D8 Force 
I will be out of the office until January 2nd, but should have regular access to email. 
For immediate assistance, please contact Brad Gillin 
Otherwise, I look forward 
to connecting when I return. 
Thanks 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077623 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223807 
EFTA01379811

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379812.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart oldfield
Sent: 
1/10/2019 10:23:04 AM 
To: 
Bradley Gitlin 
Subject: 
RE: Return of DB Force Case 4 02036678 [C] [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
beautiful 
From: Bradley Gitlin 
Sent: Thursday, January 10, 2019 10:01 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Return of DB Force Case # 02036678 [C] [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
No. 
This is the Epstein personal. Beth would pick up on ibis online. 
Regards. 
Brad 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, January 10, 2019 9:51 AM 
To: Bradley Gift 
Subject: FW: Return of DB Force Case # 02036678 [C] [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Did you take care of this one? Thanks 
From: Ankit-Kumar Sharma 
Sent: Monday, January 07, 2019 5:51 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield .ffie 
Bradley Gillin vi
l) 
Cc: 
Subject: Return of DB Force Case # 02036678 ICI [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Team 
Please be informed, funds of teas # 
has been returned by the Beneficiary Bank with reason — AS NEED VALID 
BBK OR 9 DIGITACCOUNT TO CREDIT 
We have credited the clients account for same. 
2,196.52 01.07.2019 MONEY TRANSFER RECEIPT 
Customer Reference: 
Bank Reference: 
Settled Currency: USD 
Settled Amount: 2,196.52 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077624 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223808 
EFTA01379812

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379813.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exchange Rate: 0 
Timestamp: 16:41 
By Order Party Name: SAME DAY RETURN OF FUNDS 
By Order Party Address: MFN204636 04-JAN-19 
Ordering Bank ID: 99756616 
Ordering Bank Name: *SAME DAY RETURN OF FUNDS 
Ordering Bank Address: MFN204636 04-JAN-19 
Details of Payment: REM=15124598 BBI=DB CASE 190107700056.001 RETYR CTL191197 DD 1/4/2019 
FOR 2,221.52 USDAS NE 
ED VALID BBK OR 9 DIGITACCOUNT TO CREDIT 
Ankit Kumar Sharrna 
Analyst I PWM-US Ops — Banking 
COO - Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 T 
Evolve Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel: 
Mobi 
Email 
Please send all Banking related queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly 
forbidden. 
Privacy of communications 
In order to monitor compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and our policies, procedures and 
compliance programs, we may review emails and instant messages passing through our IT systems 
(including any personal data and customer information they contain), and record telephone calls 
routed via our telephone systems. We will only do so in accordance with local laws and regulations. In 
some countries please refer to your local DB website for a copy of our Privacy Policy. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077625 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223809 
EFTA01379813

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379814.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
1/10/2019 4:24:17 PM 
To: 
Michele-M Quattrocchi 
CC:
Brigid Macias 
Subject: 
FW: Request to close 5 accounts [I) 
Attachments: DB_STC 2763 request to close acc_011019.pdf; DB_STC 0965 request to close acc_011019.pdf; DB SFL 0957 
request to close account.pdf; D8 Haze Trust 0949 request to close account.pdf; DB_Gratitude America 3251_request 
to close account.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Michele, 
Can you confirm that these accounts have zero balance (they all had balances yesterday) and then close? 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn [rnailto
l 
Sent: Thursday, January 10, 2019 3:11 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield <stewart.oldfield@db.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Request to close 5 accounts 
FYI 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein <Ma 
Subject: Request to close 5 accounts 
Date: January 10, 2019 at 3:06:43 PM EST 
To: Bradley Gillin 
Cc: Brigid Macias 
, Darren Indyke <a, 
Richard Kahn 
10=le 
Brad and Brigid, 
Please close the attached 5 accounts. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077626 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223810 
EFTA01379814

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379815.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077627 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223811 
EFTA01379815

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379816.pdf
----------------------------------------
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account # 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
Ist,u2,,,_41‘44., 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077628 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223812 
EFTA01379816

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379817.pdf
----------------------------------------
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
1, 
4.461kA_ 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077629 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223813 
EFTA01379817

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379818.pdf
----------------------------------------
Southern Financial LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account # 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
.
.a..Angot- 4-kail2t6ILL.. 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077630 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223814 
EFTA01379818

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379819.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Haze Trust 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account # 77-000-949 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077631 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223815 
EFTA01379819

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379820.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379820.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gratitude America, Ltd 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St Thomas, USVI 00802 
01/10/19 
To: Brad 
Reference: account # 44-133-251 
Please close the above account. 
Sincerely, 
Darren Indyke 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077632 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223816 
EFTA01379820

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379821.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Ana A Zamora
Sent: 
1/14/2019 9:55:29 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
CiO Economic Outlook Registration Update 
HI Stewart, 
Hope all is well — below is you current list of clients registered for the CIO Update in New York on Jan. 23'd. Please make 
sure to register if you plan to attend. 
Paul 
Barrett 
Alpha Group Capital 
Stewart Oldfield 
Yes 
Larry 
Davis 
Shorewood Real Estate Group LLC 
Stewart Oldfield 
Yes 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
Deutche Bank 
Stewart Oldfield 
Yes 
Ali 
Rashid 
PVP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Yes 
Eran 
Schreiber 
Stewart Oldfield 
Yes 
Mike 
Shen 
Stewart Oldfield 
Yes 
Steve 
Warner 
CFMG 
Stewart Oldfield 
Yes 
Thanks, 
Ana 
Ana A. Zamora 
Vice President l Marketing - Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
and: 'rah] COill inv .bouricas 
Po,tal *Mow 
Tel: 
Fax 
Mobile: 
tleut  t> 
ealth.cop 
#PositheImpact 
New Ytx.k, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077633 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223817 
EFTA01379821

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379822.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077635 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223819 
EFTA01379822

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379823.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richarc Kah 
l 
Sent: 
1/30/2019 9:21:20 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfieId 
Subject: 
Re: account summary 
Importance: 
High 
very helpful 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jan 30, 2019, at 9:16 AM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
Rich, as discussed I've listed the entities we associate with Jeffrey's relationship here. We've closed some of these 
already, but helpful to have the full list I hope. Thanks 
Butterfly Trust 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Erika 
Kellerhals 
Darren L. Indyke 
PLLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
E. 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
JEGE, Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
JEGE, LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
JSC Interiors 
LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Richard Kahn 
Plan D 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. Indyke 
Prytanee, LLC 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Caroline Sophie 
Camille Lang 
Authorized Signer 
Etienne Pierre Jean 
Binant 
Southern Financial 
LLC 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077636 
SDNY_GM_00223820 
EFTA01379823

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379824.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gratitude 
America Ltd 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
HBRK Associates 
Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Richard D. 
Kahn 
Hyprerion Air, 
LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
J. Epstein Virgin 
Islands 
Foundation, Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Jeepers, Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jean Anne 
Brennan 
Wiebracht 
Authorized 
Signer 
Authorized 
Signer 
LSJE LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Mort Inc 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Neptune, LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
NES LLC 
Authorized 
Signer 
Jeffrey E. 
Epstein 
Authorized 
Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized 
Signer 
Darren K. 
Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Jean Anne Brennan 
Wiebracht 
Southern Trust 
Company, Inc 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Jean Anne Brennan 
Wiebracht 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. 
Epstein Insurance 
Trust #3 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Richard D. Kahn 
The 2017 Caterpillar 
Trust 
Authorized Signer 
Daphne Wallace 
Authorized Signer 
Lesley Groff 
The Haze Trust 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Jean Anne Brennan 
Wiebracht 
Authorized Signer 
Harry Beller 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077637 
SDNY_GM_00223821 
EFTA01379824

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379825.pdf
----------------------------------------
Zorro Management 
LLC 
Authorized Signer 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Authorized Signer 
Darren K. Indyke 
Authorized Signer 
Authorized Signer 
Brice M. Gordon 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077638 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223822 
EFTA01379825

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379826.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield [ 
Sent: 
2/5/2019 11:48:12 AM 
To: 
Brigid Macias 
Subject: 
FW: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20: 15248111, 1: 02049845 [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
Can you call Bella and help sort this out? Thanks 
From: Rishabh Sharma 
Sent: Tuesday, February 05, 2019 11:45 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: 
Shanu Gujaria < 
PWMITUS ProductionSupport < 
Subject: FW: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20: 15248111, T: 02049845 (I) 
>; Bradley Gillin < 
>; Monica Gilkinson 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello, 
Please be informed below wire got rejected due to Format Validation Error. 
We have reversed the debit entry from client A/C. 
Kindly create the New wire. 
@ PWM IT Team, 
Please Killed the case. 
@ Shanu 
Please Approve 
Regards, 
Rishabh Sharma 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
Global Business Services 
A-1 & A- Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park. Inside Mahindra World City - SE/ 30202? Jaipur. India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email : 
Please send all the Bankin related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
>; 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077639 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223823 
EFTA01379826

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379827.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Vipul lain On Behalf Of swift fin 
Sent: Tuesday, Februa 
05, 2019 10:51 AM 
To: Don Delcher 
; Kathryn 1 Stanfield -IIMMINIIIMMEMI>: 
Divya Rajawat 
GTO-PWM-Banking Exce • tion-Check-Processin 
; Hemant-Kumar Rathore < 
Kathryn J Stanfield • 
>; Anil Tewanil 
P " 
GTO-PWM-Banking Exception-Check-Processing • 
; Ankit-Kumar 
Sharma 4
; Vikas Dave 
Cc: swift fin 
Subject: FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED FILED 20 : 15248111 [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Team, 
The below message failed in the format validation check. 
We have cancelled the messages with no risk and responsibility on our part. 
Kindly take necessary action at your end. 
05-
FORMAT 
E103190205TI5MRB 15248111 FEB- 103 VALIDATION AMBKTPWM BKTRUS33PWM BKTRUS33)OOC USD150,000.1V 
2019 
15:26 
FAILED 
; Naveen Bagaria 
; Rishabh Sharma 
:20:15248111 
:23B:CRED 
:32A:190205USD150000,00 
:SOK:/0044130552 
44130552 • BUTTERFLY TRUST 
o HBRK Associates Inc 
:53B:/99955009 
57D://FW/021000021 
:59:/066001633 
1PMS LLC 
:70:For Further Credit toAccount number 
:03603923Account name: Karyna Shul 
lak 
:71A:OUR 
E103190205-I.15ivIRB 
CREATION ($102/201915:26:23 CREATED 
IMPORT 
AMBKTPWM 
T 0 
UNIT 
05,112/2019 
UNIT 
AMBKIPWM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077640 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223824 
EFTA01379827

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379828.pdf
----------------------------------------
ASSIGNMENT 15:26:25 
ASSIGNED 
Ibuir assignment ruk INITASS-USP1,170-300 
FORMAT 05/02/2019 15:26:25 
UNIT 
CHECK 
ASSIGNED 
Format validation error: 
Invalid huller (Format error at line 19: had chaisatier I .
TO 
QUEUE 05/02/2019 15:26:25 
REJECTED 
REJECT--Q 
FOR 
FORNIKI VALIDATION FAILED 
REJECT 
Kind Regards, 
Global Messaging Operations (GMO) 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Global Messaging Operations 
Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 16-24, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
Ops Messaging Hotline 
Kindly post all your queries to common inbox and for any urgent escalations, please contact the below; 
First Level Escalation 
Rijosh KC: 
Sunil Varghese: 
Anupam-A Kala 
Second Level Escalation 
Abhishek S Moha 
Visit GMO at myDB GMO @ MyD8 
Information about SWIFT at swift Intranet at 08 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077641 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223825 
EFTA01379828

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379829.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Liam Osullivan 
Sent: 
2/7/2019 9:10:51 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
I; Martin Zeman 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
Subject: 
RE. SF OTC :-ado 31 the books [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Rich, 
The indication on the 2,500m COFP 4A07 08/06/19 is 101.25. 
Thank you, 
Liam 
Pri
Liam 0 Sullivan 
Investmei is It Trading Institutional Wealth Parintys 
DB Securiies Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Islanngement 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY I 0154-0004, USA 
Visit us: littp:Ideutschewealth.corn. 
#Positivelmpact 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as 'institutional accounts' 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment benefits and risks ot, and exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating and determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies aid financial transactions. Transactions are subject to 
relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be 
executed unless you are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is for cascussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered 
through the IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage advice, IWP does not provide investment 
management or investment advisory services, and private market opportunities and other products and services available through IWP are 
offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your information and for discussion purposes only, and does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, February 07, 2019 8:49 AM 
To: Liam Osullivan < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Fwd: SF OTC trade on the books 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077642 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223826 
EFTA01379829

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379830.pdf
----------------------------------------
can you please show us market where this bond can be sold 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: SF OTC trade on t to oo is 
Date: February 6, 2 1 
:10:25 PM EST 
To: Richard Kahn 
Rich, 
Please see below. You have one outstanding OTC position on, which should be straightforward to 
unwind. Note that it is hedging a bond you own. Thanks 
From: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 06 2019 12:05 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfiel 
Subject: Southern Financial OTC trade on the books 
Stew, 
Southern Financial LLC (account 
holds EUR 2.5mm face of COFP 4.407 08/06/19: 
TRADE DATE 
QUANTITY 
DESCRIPTION 
CUSIP 
MARKET 
PRICE 
(POSITION 
CCY) 
POSITION 
VALUE 
(POSITION 
CCY) 
FX 
RATE 
(TO 
USDE) 
POSITION 
VALUE 
(USDE) 
TYPE 
2,500,0000000 
CASINO, GUICHARD-PERRACHON 
SA ISINOR0011301480 4.407% 
08/06/19 REG DTD 08/03/12 N/C 
F1413LCN4 
99.6200 
/ 4e1).500 CO 
1.14070 
2.B4t.9i3.3S 
CORPORATE DEBT 
We executed a EURUSD forward (v/d 06 Aug 19) that is still on the books. MtM is $87k in favor of client, 
per latest valuation statement: 
ft . Swan 
‘.v.< 
ARti 
:xi,
Systaryar 
IOC 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077643 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223827 
EFTA01379830

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379831.pdf
----------------------------------------
Southern Financial LLC (account 
as collateral for OTC trades: 
holds 100k shares of AAPL and some cash from dividends 
TRADE 
DATE 
QUANTITY 
SYMBOL 
DESCRIPTION 
CUSIP 
MARKET 
PRICE 
(POSITION 
CCY) 
POSITION 
VALUE 
(POSITION 
CCY) 
FX RATE 
(TO USDE) 
POSITION 
VALUE 
(USDE) 
TYPE 
100.000.0000 
73,0913300 
AAPL 
DBDA 
APPLE INC 
COM 
INSURED 
DEPOSITS 
PROGRAM 
175.4600 
1.0000 
/.546,000.00 
73,091.33 
1.00000 
1.00000 
/.546,iRkWO 
73,091.33 
EQUITY 
MONEY 
FUND 
Client would need to unwind the FX hedge, at which point we could consolidate the Southern Financial 
LLC assets (i.e. move assets from the collateral account to the main trading account). 
Regards. 
Davide 
Davide Sierrata 
Associate Investments & Trading Institutional Wealth Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Floor 
New York NY. 10154 USA 
Visit us: hup://deutschewealth.cont 
#Positivelm pact 
IWP products and services we intended for and available only to sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as 
institutional accounts* under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment benefits and risks of, 
and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies 
aid financial transactions. Transactions we subject to relevant internal approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to 
execution, and no transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you are a client of Deutsche 
Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group (IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products. investment ideas and solutions is for discussion purposes only. While brokerage 
services offered through the IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage advice. IWP 
does not provide investment management or investment advisory services, and private market opportunities and other 
products aid services available through IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you. solely for your information and for discussion purposes only, and 
does not create any legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material herein without our written 
consent is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077644 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223828 
EFTA01379831

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379832.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Apr 4, 2019, at 5:42 PM, Brigid Macias e
> wrote: 
Nil 
I just received notification the funds have been returned to DB and should be credited tomorrow. 
I will advise when I see this completed. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
<image001.png> 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
Nev 
Tel 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
From: Bella Klein 
Sent: Thursday, April 04, 2019 4:16 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield < 
Cc: Richard Kahn < 
>; Brigid Macias 
Subject: Fwd: Mercedes Benz Boulogne / Societe Sentrale Bank 
mailto 
Hi Brigid and Stewart, 
We are under a lot of pressure to locate this 10,000 Euro wire from Mercedes Benz Paris. Please 
email Mr. Garcette and he will try to help. Brigid has his email. Society Generale Bank doesn't 
accept emails from gmail only from a bank. Please copy myself on the email. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Brigid Macias 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077647 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223831 
EFTA01379832

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379833.pdf
----------------------------------------
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bella Klein < 
Subject: Re: Mercedes Benz Boulogne / Societe Generale Bank 
Date: April 2 2019 at 6:58:58 AM EDT 
To: 
Thank you, I will forward to our bank 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On A efi , 
at 
AM, 
wrote: 
Hello Bella, 
Please find the number and contact at our Bank. 
Societe Generale Bank 
service retour de fond ) 
Mr GARCETTE 
Best Whishes, 
Michael Stamenic 
Commercial Vehicules Neufs et Directions 
Mercedes-Benz Boulogne-Billancourt 
Mercedes-Benz Paris SAS 
bis route de la Reine 
92100 Boulogne-Billancourl 
Tel h 
Fa 
Mailto : 
hltp://www.pariS.InCrCedes.rr 
<inuigc002.jpg><intage003.jpg><iinage004.jpg><iiinge()05...i 
Pg>
<limee006.jpg> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077649 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223833 
EFTA01379833

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379834.pdf
----------------------------------------
Liens 
Internet : httpl/www.paris.mercedes.fr www.mercedes-
benz.fr 
De : N'Diaye, Kadiata (582) 
Envoyé : vendredi 22 mars 2019 10:07 
: Louis, Lelia (582) < 
Cc : Stamenic, Michael (582) 
>; de Calbiac, 
Geoffroy (582) < 
Objet : TR: Epstein Wire deposit 
Importance : Haute 
Bonjour Lelia, 
As-tu eu un retour de la banque au sujet du RDF des 
10.000€ pour Jeffrey EPSTEIN, en lisant le mail ci-
dessous toujours pas de trace å leur niveau. 
Merci 
Cordialement, 
Kadiata N'diaye 
Attachae Administrative 
Mercedes Benz Paris Porte d'Orlaans 
Mercesdes Benz Paris SAS 
15-17 rue Barbas 
92120 Montrouge 
Telephone 
maitto : 
http://~v.patis.mercedes.fr 
www.mercedes-benz.fr 
De : Bella Klein 
Envoyé : jeudi 21 mars 2019 16:49 
: Stamenic, Michael (582) 
Cc : N'Diaye, Kadiata (582) 
Objet : Re: Epstein Wire deposit 
Importance : Haute 
Michael, 
Please let me know if you recall the wire 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077651 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223835 
EFTA01379834

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379835.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Mar 13, 2019, at 12:1 1 PM, Bella 
Klein <:MIM
>
wrote: 
Hi Michael, 
Our bank 
representative tried to 
reach out to your 
accounting 
department regarding 
wire transfer sent on 
February 15th in the 
amount of 10,000 
Euros. They can't 
locate your wire. 
Please ask Kadiata to 
trace wire with your 
bank and confirm 
wiring instructions 
same as below: 
Notre représentant 
bancaire a tenté de 
contacter votre 
service comptabilité 
concernant les 
virements 
télégraphiques 
envoyés le 15 février 
pour un montant de 
000 euros. Ils ne 
peuvent pas localiser 
votre fil. Veuillez 
demander à Kadiata 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077652 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223836 
EFTA01379835

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379836.pdf
----------------------------------------
de tracer le fil avec 
votre banque et de 
confirmer les 
instructions de 
cablage cornme ci-
dessous: 
Field 56: Deutsche 
Bank AG 
Swift: DEUTGB2L 
Field 57: Detusche 
Bank Trust Company 
Americas 
Swift: BKTRUS33XXX 
Field 59: Account 
Name: Jeffrey E 
Epstein 
Account 
Number: 35269691 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Begin 
forwarded 
message: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077653 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223837 
EFTA01379836

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379837.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brigid 
Macias 
ar 
Subject: RE: 
Wire 
deposit 
Date: March 
13, 2019 at 
11:37:30 AM 
EDT 
To: Richard 
Kahn IIM
>, Bella 
Klein 
iMI 
Good Morning, 
I called and spoke 
to Kadiata who 
unfortunately does 
not speak English and 
transferred me to a 
line that was never 
picked up. 
I did email the other 
person on that email 
Michael and asked 
him to call me 
regarding a return of 
funds. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077654 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223838 
EFTA01379837

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379838.pdf
----------------------------------------
<image001.png> 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth 
Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through 
Deutsche Bank Securities 
Inc. 
Sent: Wednesday, 
March 13, 2019 11:32 
AM 
To: Bella Klein 
Cc: Bri id Macias 
Subject: Re: Wire 
deposit 
Brigid can you please 
update us on status 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK 
Associates Inc. 
575 
Lexington Avenue 4th 
Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077655 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223839 
EFTA01379838

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379839.pdf
----------------------------------------
On 
Mar 
12, 
2019, 
at 
12:22 
PM, 
Bella 
Klein 
wrote: 
Brigid, 
Below 
please 
find 
contact 
for the 
wire 
transfe 
r. 
Thank 
you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
m 
a 
J 
p 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077656 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223840 
EFTA01379839

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379840.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
m
a 
e 
r 
m
m 
b 
e 
t 
R 
E 
r 
e 
d 
e 
p 
t 
B 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077659 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223843 
EFTA01379840

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379841.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
e 
T 
e 
h 
m 
k 
t 
a 
a 
e
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077663 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223847 
EFTA01379841

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379842.pdf
----------------------------------------
B 
U 
f 
d 
d 
m 
e 
S 
S 
r 
e
B 
r 
d 
r 
a 
S 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077665 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223849 
EFTA01379842

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379843.pdf
----------------------------------------
M 
E 
D 
T 
B 
K 
e 
C 
B 
r 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077667 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223851 
EFTA01379843

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379844.pdf
----------------------------------------
m 
e 
B 
r 
d 
M 
C 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077673 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223857 
EFTA01379844

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379845.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
e 
b
r 
d
e 
g 
b 
m
R 
h 
d 
d 
K 
r 
h 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077680 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223864 
EFTA01379845

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379846.pdf
----------------------------------------
T 
e 
I 
O 
M 
a 
r 
I i 
, 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077683 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223867 
EFTA01379846

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379847.pdf
----------------------------------------
f 
t 
h 
e 
S 
e 
d 
S 
C 
e 
b 
e 
e 
d 
K 
d 
e 
t 
d 
S 
B 
d 
M 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077686 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223870 
EFTA01379847

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379848.pdf
----------------------------------------
k 
T 
r 
u 
s 
t 
C 
m 
P 
a 
y 
A 
m 
e 
r 
i 
c 
a 
s 
D 
e 
u 
t 
s 
c 
h 
e 
B 
a 
k 
W 
e 
a 
t 
ti 
M 
a 
a 
e 
m 
e 
t 
P 
a 
r 
k 
A 
v 
e 
u 
e 
t 
h 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077689 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223873 
EFTA01379848

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379849.pdf
----------------------------------------
F 
r 
e 
w 
Y 
r 
k 
Y 
T 
+ 
( 
) 
F 
a 
x 
+ 
( 
) 
E 
m 
a 
i 
k 
r 
I 
a 
d 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077690 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223874 
EFTA01379849

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379850.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
e 
e 
u 
r 
i 
t 
i 
e 
f 
f 
e 
r 
e 
d 
t 
h 
r 
o 
u 
h 
D 
e 
u 
t 
s 
c 
h 
e 
B 
a 
k 
S 
e 
c 
u 
r 
i 
t 
I 
e 
S 
c 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077691 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223875 
EFTA01379850

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379851.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
M 
M 
h 
r 
T 
B 
r 
d 
M 
M 
a 
$ 
b 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077693 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223877 
EFTA01379851

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379852.pdf
----------------------------------------
R 
i 
c 
h 
a 
r 
d 
K 
a 
h 
< 
> 
u 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077695 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223879 
EFTA01379852

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379853.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
C 
t 
R 
e 
r 
e 
d 
e 
S 
t 
m 
r 
t 
b 
C 
e 
H 
h 
B 
r 
d 
r 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077696 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223880 
EFTA01379853

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379854.pdf
----------------------------------------
z 
d 
h 
C 
r 
U 
r 
d 
S 
Il 
C 
b 
Ill 
k 
d 
C 
C 
U 
U 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077698 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223882 
EFTA01379854

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379855.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
a 
Y 
u 
p 
e 
a 
s 
e 
c 
f 
i 
r 
m 
w 
h 
a 
t 
i 
c 
m 
i 
g 
w 
i 
r 
i 
g 
i 
s 
t 
r 
u 
c 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077702 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223886 
EFTA01379855

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379856.pdf
----------------------------------------
k 
T 
r 
u 
s 
t 
C 
m 
P 
a 
y 
A 
m 
e 
r 
i 
c 
a 
s 
D 
e 
u 
t 
s 
c 
h 
e 
B 
a 
k 
W 
e 
a 
t 
h 
M 
a 
a 
e 
m 
e 
t 
P 
a 
t 
k 
A 
v 
e 
u 
e 
t 
h 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077706 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223890 
EFTA01379856

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379857.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
m 
B 
e 
F 
e 
m
K 
b
k 
e 
t 
S 
m
C 
e 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077709 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223893 
EFTA01379857

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379858.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
r 
C 
d
b 
C 
m
C 
B 
r 
S 
G 
b
r 
e
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077711 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223895 
EFTA01379858

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379859.pdf
----------------------------------------
> 
R 
i 
c 
h 
a 
r 
d 
K 
a 
h 
< 
> 
S 
u 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077712 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223896 
EFTA01379859

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379860.pdf
----------------------------------------
d 
e 
t 
i 
a 
I 
a 
d 
/ 
r 
P 
r 
i 
v 
i 
I 
e 
e 
d 
i 
f 
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
I 
f 
y 
u 
a 
r 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077718 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223902 
EFTA01379860

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379861.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
e 
r 
e 
f 
e 
r 
t 
O 
h
Q 
b 
C 
m
O 
r 
e
S 
f 
r 
S 
t 
O 
d 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077724 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223908 
EFTA01379861

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379862.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
O 
C 
t 
a 
i 
e 
d 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
s 
h 
u 
I 
d 
O 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077727 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223911 
EFTA01379862

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379863.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
b 
e 
r 
e 
a 
r 
d 
e 
d 
a 
s 
s 
u 
c 
h 
T 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
m 
a 
Y 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077728 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223912 
EFTA01379863

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379864.pdf
----------------------------------------
C 
o 
t 
a 
i 
c 
O 
f 
i 
d 
e 
t 
i 
a 
I 
a 
d 
/ 
O 
r 
P 
r 
i 
v 
i 
I 
e 
e 
d 
i 
f 
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
O 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077729 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223913 
EFTA01379864

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379865.pdf
----------------------------------------
Y 
u 
a 
u 
t 
h 
r 
i 
z 
e 
d 
c 
P 
y 
i 
d 
i 
s 
c 
I 
s 
u 
r 
e 
r 
d 
i 
S 
t 
r 
i 
b 
u 
t 
i 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077733 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223917 
EFTA01379865

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379866.pdf
----------------------------------------
h 
e 
m 
e 
t 
h 
S 
C 
m 
m 
U 
C 
S 
S 
C 
f 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077734 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223918 
EFTA01379866

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379867.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
e 
s 
D 
e 
u 
t 
s 
c 
h 
e 
B 
a 
k 
d 
e 
s 
t 
r 
e 
d 
e 
r 
I 
e 
g 
a 
I 
r 
t 
a 
x 
a 
d 
v 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077737 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223921 
EFTA01379867

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379868.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
c 
e 
a 
d 
t 
h 
e 
i 
f 
o 
r 
m 
a 
t 
i 
o 
c 
o 
t 
a 
i 
e 
d 
i 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
o 
m 
m 
u 
i 
c 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077738 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223922 
EFTA01379868

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379869.pdf
----------------------------------------
m 
Li 
i 
c 
a 
t 
i 
m 
a 
y 
c 
t 
a 
i 
c 
f 
i 
d 
e 
t 
i 
a 
I 
a 
d 
/ 
r 
p 
r 
i 
v 
i 
I 
e 
e 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077740 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223924 
EFTA01379869

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379870.pdf
----------------------------------------
f 
r 
m 
d 
t 
f 
U 
r 
e 
t 
t 
h 
e 
t 
e 
d 
e 
d 
r 
e 
C 
e 
t 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077741 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223925 
EFTA01379870

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379871.pdf
----------------------------------------
( 
r 
h 
a 
v 
e 
r 
e 
c 
e 
i 
v 
e 
d 
t 
h 
i 
s 
c 
m 
m 
u 
i 
C 
a 
t 
i 
e 
r 
r 
r 
) 
P 
I 
e 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077742 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223926 
EFTA01379871

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379872.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
t 
t 
h 
e 
S 
e 
d 
e 
r 
m 
m 
e 
d 
S 
e 
t 
d 
d 
e 
S 
t 
r 
t 
h 
S 
C 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077743 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223927 
EFTA01379872

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379873.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
S 
t 
r 
i 
C 
t 
I 
Y 
f 
r 
b 
i 
d 
d 
e 
P 
I 
e 
a 
s 
e 
r 
e 
f 
e 
r 
t 
h 
t 
t 
s 
; 
; 
d 
b 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077746 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223930 
EFTA01379873

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379874.pdf
----------------------------------------
f 
t 
t 
h 
e 
e 
d 
r 
e 
$ 
e 
d 
S 
f 
r 
LI 
m 
d 
m 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077751 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223935 
EFTA01379874

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379875.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077755 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223939 
EFTA01379875

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379876.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Brigid Macias 
Sent: 
4/10/2019 
To: 
Bella Klein 
ewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Subject: 
Bradley Gillin 
; Richard Kahn 
I 
RE: PLEASE HELP TO STOP WIRE FROM LSJE TO 
Good Afternoon, 
I will do my best to ask operations to stop this. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant We President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. +1(212)454-2260 
Fax +1(646)736-C670 
Email brioid.maciasedb.com 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bella Klein Imailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 10, 2019 4:14 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Brigid Macias <brigid.macias@db.com>; Bradley Gillin 
Subject: PLEASE HELP TO STOP WIRE FROM LSJE TO 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
212-971-1307 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Outgoing Wire Status Change 
Date: April 10, 2019 at 4:11:44 PM EDT 
To 
>; Richard Kahn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077756 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223940 
EFTA01379876

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379877.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Haze Trust 
Richard Kahn 
The status of an outgoing Wire USD Intl Template Based for $25,000.00 from account * 
changed to Processed on 04/10/2019 04:11 PM (ET). 
Please do not respond to this e-mail. For more information, sign on to Internet Banking or 
contact Customer Support. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077757 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223941 
EFTA01379877

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379878.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Karyna acc xxx 
Date: February 14, 
To: Brigid Macias 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Brigid, 
Please proceed with the attached wire and after completion please close account. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On Feb 14, 2019, at 2:25 PM, Brigid Macias ‹
> wrote: 
Good Afternoon, 
The available balance in the above account is $13,370.68. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
--Original Message----
From: Bella Klein [nIthlka] 
Sent: Tuesday, February 12 20191:41 PM 
To: Brigid Macias 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Karyna acc xxx 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077759 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00223943 
EFTA01379878

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379879.pdf
----------------------------------------
Brigid, 
Please let us know balance in the account # 
Shuliak. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
nd Karyna 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If 
you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to httns://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained 
in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077760 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223944 
EFTA01379879

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379880.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield [ 
Sent: 
5/17/2019 12:15:43 PM 
To: 
Brigid Macias 
CC: 
Natalie Barak 
Subject: 
FW:ll] 
Classification: For internal use only 
original Message 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 12:14 PM 
To: Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: Re: 
yes i see the same with exception of email bella just sent on neptune ok to close all accounts thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York. NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
> on May 17, 2019, at 9:24 AM, Stewart oldfield 
> wrote: 
> 
• Hey there. I've been out all week and just got back to the office 
> today. Looks like all accounts are zero balance, do you see the same? 
> I will make sure al accounts are actually closed as well. Thanks 
• 
original Message 
> From: Richard Kahn imailto 
> Sent: Friday, May 10, 2019 10:57 AM 
> To: Stewart oldfield < 
> Subject: 
> 
• hope you are well 
> are you free for a call today 
> i am available 12-4pm 
> thanks 
> Richard Kahn 
> HBRK Associates Inc. 
> 575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
> New York, NY 10022 
> tel 
> fax 
> cell 
> This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this 
communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077761 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223945 
EFTA01379880

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379881.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield
Sent: 
5/23/2016 12:01:05 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn I 
Subject: 
RE: Stewart's contact info [C] 
11am Wednesday would work well. See you at your office then. 
Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Monday, May 23, 2016 11:21 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: Stewart's contact info [C] 
yes 
i am free tomorrow around 4pm on upper east side for coffee or we can meet wednesday at my office anytime after 
11am 
please let me know if either of those times work 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On May 23, 2016, at 11:18 AM, Stewart Oldfield < 
> wrote: 
Rich, 
Can we catch up over the next couple of days? Happy to come over to your office or grab 
lunch/coffee. Let me know what works. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn 
Sent: Thursday, May 19, 2016 2:54 PM 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: Stewart's contact info [C] 
Thanks you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 19, 2016, at 2:24 PM, Paul Morris < 
Classification: Confidential 
> wrote: 
Rich, thanks for the call, Stewart's contact info below, call him anytime. Best 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077763 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223947 
EFTA01379881

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379882.pdf
----------------------------------------
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
blackberry 
Email: 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
Office: 
Cell: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077764 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223948 
EFTA01379882

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379883.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby I 
Sent: 
12/13/2013 9:22:31 A 
To: 
Jacqueline Lightbody ft
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: Your KYC has been rejected 
Attachments: pic08928.gif; pic31962.gif 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jacqueline, 
There wasn't any negative information that came back on 
in relation 
to Jeffrey Epstein. 
There wasn't any negative information that came back at 
all. 
This is my last day before I leave for my MIA so would like to get this 
resolved this morning so I can open the account this afternoon. 
Thank you 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic08928.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31962.gif) 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 12/13/2013 09:21 AM 
From: 
Jacqueline Lightbody < 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@OBAmERICAS, 
Date: 
12/12/2013 07:59 PM 
Subject: 
Your KYC has been rejected 
Your KYC has been rejected. 
Case *: 
01161376 
Relationship: SO 
TIONSHIP 
Customer Name: 
Customer Number: 
Reason for Rejection:1. 
Has there been a client meeting with Karyna? 
RESOLVED 
2. 
Please confirm 
's occupation and position at NES, LLC 
RESOLVED 
3. 
and Karyna's sow descriptions are not sufficient, please 
provide more information. Is Karyna's sow the same as Jennifer? Is she a 
dependent? Please specify. 
RESOLVED 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077769 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223953 
EFTA01379883

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379884.pdf
----------------------------------------
Additional Rejection: 
Please attached AML Clearance for negative information related to Jennifer's 
connection to the Jeffrey Epstein criminal matter 
To view the MC click here https://na4.salesforce.com/5006000000vDvNf 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077770 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223954 
EFTA01379884

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379885.pdf
----------------------------------------
tomorrow morning can you price 45 / 55 WTI reversals 
i understand it may not be cashless however Jeffrey would like to see that level of pricing 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On May 31, 2016, at 11:01 AM, Vahe Stepanian < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Rich, 
Please see below refreshed indications — these levels are not tradable. We did not refresh the $50 
strikes as they are well in the money now. Further, we heard back from our Credit Risk Management 
team and they would require40% IA for the below transactions in cash or treasures (i.e. approx. 
$20mm on lmm barrels of WTI). 
Notional: 1mm barrels of WTI 
WTI futures references: 
CLU6 ref 50.75, option exp 17Aug16 
CLZ6 ref 51.65, option exp 16Nov16 
CLH7 ref 52.00, option exp 15Feb17 
Premium neutral risk reversals on WTI - Indications 
Southern financial buys calls and sells puts for zero net premium. 
These are listed look-alike structures to be executed through Southern Financial's ISDA. 
option exp 17Aug16 
Future reference: CLU6 
Call strike: 55 
Put strike: 47.00 
option exp 16Nov16 
Future reference: CLZ6 
Call strike: 55 
Put strike: 48.90 
option exp 15Feb17 
Future reference: CLH7 
Call strike: 55 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077773 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223957 
EFTA01379885

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379886.pdf
----------------------------------------
Call strike: 55 
Put strike: 45.90 
Call strike: 50 
Put strike: 50.4 
option exp 15Feb17 
Future reference: al-17 
Call strike: 55 
Put strike: 46.50 
Call strike: 50 
Put strike: 51 
Daniel Sabba 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Email 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy 
this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077775 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223959 
EFTA01379886

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379887.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACCT# 
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 [misetl.appwmpl.us.db.com@discard.mail.db.corni 
Sent: 
7/9/2016 2:11:23 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20160709 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/08/16 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,467,934.58 
ODD & KAREN WANEK JTWROS 
M 
2,017,782.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
139,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
413,032.73 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
293,742.32 
HYPERION AIR, LLC 
D 
115,573.45 
JEGE, INC 
D 
103,776.76 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
218,599.92 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
274,996.27 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
202,754.54 
NES, LLC 
D 
132,411.87 
ZORRO DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
D 
227,357.14 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
114,136.97 
RATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
176,049.43 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
54,542,688.38 
NEW YORK STRATEGY GROUP, LLC 
M 
.00 
ANEK TRUST OF 2000 
M 
2,013,938.69 
KWF 2007 LLC 
M 
2,013,501.23 
55W 2007 LLC 
m 
2,007,863.66 
RATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
4,036,116.77 
RM CODE 
82289 
07/08/16 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
200,000.00 
CASH MGMT TRANSFER 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
200,000.00 
CASH MANGMNT XFER 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin0list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077778 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223962 
EFTA01379887

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379888.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Brianna Fowler 
Sent: 
7/20/2016 3:26:24 PM 
To: 
Armen Brash 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield 
; Anna-Sofiya Lupolover 
Subject: 
RE: ACTION REQUIRED: STFR Regulation Mailing (Part 2) (I) 
Attachments: STFR_Southern Financial_7.20.16.pdf 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi Armen, 
Stew sent the STFR email to the below clients and a PDF of the email has been uploaded to DB Force (also attached). 
Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank you. 
-Anna 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, July 20, 2016 2:32 PM 
To: Brianna Fowler 
Subject: FW: ACTION REQUIRED: STFR Regulation Mailing (Part 2) [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Please upload my email to dbForce as Armen outlined below. Thanks 
From: Armen Brash 
Sent: Tuesday, July 19, 2016 4:03 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Anna-Sofrya Lupolover 
Subject: ACTION REQUIRED: STFR Regulation Mailing (Part 2) [I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Stew, 
I apologize if you received a similar request last week—it turns out that the data was (shocker) incomplete. The 
database (PLN) which holds maintains the data for ISDA clients is owned by another group; that database, unfortunately, 
had misclassified the clients listed below as Global Markets clients when in fact, they're Wealth Management clients. 
Therefore, if you are receiving this email, you have a client with an active ISDA contract on file and MUST take the action 
outlined for the client(s) listed below. Even though these ISDA contracts may be old, they are still considered active 
because an ISDA contract never expires until the client terminates with DB in writing. 
CPSEGALNAME 
ORG_ID 
Contact Type 
Contact Owner 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
8032932 Active Client 
Stewart Oldfield 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC 
8032930 Active Client 
Stewart Oldfield 
1) 
SFTR Regulation - Overview: 
The EU Securities Financing Transactions Regulation ("SFTR") requires Deutsche Bank to provide to clients with whom 
Deutsche Bank has certain security collateral arrangements a disclosure statement regarding the general risks and 
consequences that may be involved in consenting to a right of use of collateral provided under the security collateral 
arrangement. Among other things, SFTR requires that certain clients with an open ISDA or repo agreement receive the 
disclosure even if that agreement is not currently being utilized. You are receiving this email because one of more of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077781 
SDNY_GM_00223965 
EFTA01379888

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379889.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
dwhpbdw-batch@db.com Idwhpbdw-batch@db.com] 
Sent: 
9/14/2016 5:44:17 AM 
To: 
RM0082289@list.db.com 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20160914 
RM CODE 
82289 
09/13/16 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
2,974,464.56 
TODD & KAREN WANEK JTWROS 
M 
2,018,981.80 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
139,471.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
413,032.73 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
169,199.62 
JEGE, INC 
D 
149,645.56 
JEGE, LLC 
D 
188,646.18 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
172,730.18 
NES, LLC 
D 
250,535.94 
ZORRO DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
D 
135,650.54 
LS7E, LLC 
D 
264,481.57 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
48,881,918.37 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
M 
2,015,136.19 
KWF 2007 LLC 
M 
2,014,698.47 
55W 2007 LLC 
M 
2,009,057.55 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
1,486,816.52 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077784 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223968 
EFTA01379889

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379890.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
10/21/2016 12:34:31 PM 
To: 
Darlene Zong 
CC: 
Stewart Oldfield [ 
Subject: 
Fwd: QIB - Southern Financial 
Attachments: doc00952120161021111444.pdf; Untitled attachment 02478.htm 
please call me with any questions 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bebe Avdiu ‹
> 
Subject: QIB - Southern Financial 
Date: October 21, 2016 at 12:17:38 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn •=
:> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077785 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223969 
EFTA01379890

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379891.pdf
----------------------------------------
if 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077788 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223972 
EFTA01379891

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379892.pdf
----------------------------------------
on behalf of 
sigver dbgps 
Uplabdhi Singh
From: 
Sent: 
11/4/2016 6:37:51 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
CC: 
Muhammod J Uddin 
Teresa Metallo 
Julian J Leff 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Subject: 
Check Referral - Acct 35269691 ll] 
Attachments: 1079.pdf 
; Joy E Mitchell 
Catherine Logreco 
; Lisa-M Ramos 
• Brianna Fowler I 
I; Bradley Gillin 
; sigver dbgps 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Hi All, 
Please respond with a pay/no pay decision for the mentioned in the attachment. 
35269691 
7500 "1079" 
Signature Irregular 
If any of the transactions are deemed fraudulent, you must immediately notify your business manager 
and report the fraud to PBFraudReporting. Please follow the steps detailed in the fraud procedures. 
https://dbpolicyportaLintranet.db.com/gpag/pdf/0901 e5be80476b I a/filen a me is null.pdf 
Please note that we must have a reply by 3:15 p.m (EST) today in order to meet the Federal Reserve Check Clearing 
returns guidelines. 
Kind Regards, 
Uplabdhi Singh 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077790 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223974 
EFTA01379892

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379893.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
12/20/2016 10:35:03 AM 
To: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: 
RE: URGENT - THIRD REQUEST' ' I' I RE: Inquiry Regarding THE HAZE TRUST, Accounts 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Yes, tmw is perfect b/c I have a dinner in midtown. 5:30pm? 
Alerts 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, December 20, 2016 10:34 AM 
To: Vahe Stepanian 
Su ect: RE: URGENT - THIRD REQUESTIIIII RE: Inquiry Regarding THE HAZE TRUST, Account# S 
Alert# 
[I] 
Classification: For Infernal use only 
Early drink tmw? 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Tuesday, December 20, 2016 10:32 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
• 
: RE: URGENT - THIRD REQUESTIIIII RE: Inquiry Regarding THE HAZE TRUST, Account# S 
Alert# 
[I] 
Classification: For Internal use only 
Will defer to you on this in terms of how to handle. 
Also, you mentioned last week you wanted to catch up. I'm around until Fri afternoon - off next week. 
Relatively open the next few days if you want to grab a coffee or a quick drink? 
Thanks, 
Vahe 
From: Danya Friedman On Behalf Of Amlcompliance Inquiries 
Sent: Tuesday, December 20, 2016 10:28 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield; Vahe Stepanian; Zbynek Kozelsky; Cynthia Rodriguez; PWM AMLCompliance 
Cc: Joshua Shoshan; Donald Summer; Cherie Quigley; Amlcompliance Inquiries 
Su ect: RE: URGENT - THIRD REQUESTmli RE: Inquiry Regarding THE HAZE TRUST, Account# 
Alert# 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Good Morning: 
Please find out where these funds originate. We need it for audit purposes. 
Best Regards/Mit freundlichen Grii6en, 
PWM AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall St., 23 Floor 
New York, NY 10005 - 2836 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077793 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223977 
EFTA01379893

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379894.pdf
----------------------------------------
Best Regards/Mit freundlichen Grtifien, 
PWM AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall St., 23 Floor 
New York, NY 10005 - 2836 
N4G024161 DAP 1 R i000106 
RISC SANK CG. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
1000 ITEMS BLVD 
IC LEAN VA 22102 
895.0 SECURITIES SERVICES ITER:LAND) 
DAC 
CUlt CANAL SQUARE. MAIO CANAL 
111111BOUR DUBLIN 2. 1211.AND 
From: Cynthia Rodriguez 
Sent: Monday, December 05, 2016 11:32 AM 
To: Amlcom liance In uiries < 
Oldfield < 
Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Joshua Shoshan 
; Donald Summer 
Subject: RE: Inquiry Regarding THE HAZE TRUST, Accountlt N4G024943, Alert# SAM 1788880 [I] 
SUCLCS221.EX 
fACC/PIRSEIWO LLC 
VOID 
/MERE ASSOCIATES 
fAC0/1529EVINCI LL0 
/1301 t 667E STEIST IOP 
/7301R1 ASSOCIATES 
// /DAS/EEPt9026E97CELS2 
77301 It 667N STEM 
7111 EAU TRUST 7N 
10? 
RED TO 2002016 IS LP C 
iDASME7,002659ICKSE 0.0750 LIDO STREIT LP 9.30.2016 
.60 
; Zbynek Kozelsky <O>; 
Stewart 
All, 
The originating wire came from the client's account called Southern Trust Company, Inc account numbeahis 
wire was not submitted through HSBC but through Bank of New York in order to be placed into their N4G account for 
the art purchase. The beneficiary is our client Jeffery Epstein as the originating party and the art purchaser. Please let me 
know if you need anything else. 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154.0004 New York. NY. USA 
From: Danya Friedman On Behalf Of Amlcompliance Inquiries 
Sent: Friday, December 02, 2016 11:36 AM 
To: Zbynek Kozelsky; Amlcompliance Inquiries; Stewart Oldfield; Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Joshua Shoshan; Donald Summer; Cynthia Rodriguez 
Subject: RE: Inquiry Regarding THE HAZE TRUST, Account# N4G024943, Alert# SAM1788880 [I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077798 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223982 
EFTA01379894

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379895.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For Internal use only 
Good Morning: 
As a part of the anti-money laundering monitoring program, the Actimize system is used to automatically identify 
transactions that meet certain high risk transaction patterns. When transactions occur which mimic those patterns, the 
activity must be researched to confirm that it is legitimate. 
In a small percentage of these cases, Compliance must contact the Wealth Advisor for additional information about the 
transaction(s) in order to conclude the research process. Your response is required for the Bank to comply with federal 
guidelines for concluding the research of these matters in a timely fashion. Your complete response must be received 
within 7 business days. 
To the best of your ability, please provide details regarding the item(s) below: 
Incoming: 
10/27/2016, $6,186,980.68, HSBC SECURITIES SERVICES (IRELAND) DAC at HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
1. Who is the ultimate originator of these funds (i.e. if this is investment income, please give the name of the 
investment that the funds originate)? 
Outgoing: 
11/23/2016, $25,000,000.00, AP NARROWS HOLDING LP/BMO TRUSTEE at CDEC CLEARING ACCOUNT through BANK 
OF AMERICA, N.A., NY 
11/23/2016, 55,000,000.00, LDB 2011 LLC/BMO TRUSTEE at CDEC CLEARING ACCOUNT through BANK OF AMERICA, 
N.A.. NY 
1. What is the purpose of the Outgoing Transfer? 
2. What is the relationship between Beneficiary and Client? 
3. Please provide the source of wealth for these entities. 
Thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter. 
Best Regards/Mit freundlichen GriiGen, 
PWM AML Compliance 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall St., 23 Floor 
New York NY 10005 2836 
pwm. 
Fax: 
PLEASE NOTE: YOU ARE BEING CONTACTED BECAUSE YOU ARE LISTED AS THE PRIMARY OFFICER FOR 
THIS ACCOUNT ON GCIS. IF YOU ARE NOT THE CURRENT PRIMARY OFFICER, PLEASE LET ME KNOW 
IMMEDIATELY, SO THAT I MAY FORWARD THIS EMAIL TO THE APPROPRIATE PARTY. 
Do not forward this e-mail or any attachment directly to the client. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077802 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223986 
EFTA01379895

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379896.pdf
----------------------------------------
Title 
First Name 
Middle Name 
Last Name 
Suffix 
Company 
Department 
Job Title 
Business Street 
"Business Street 2" 
"Business Street 3" 
Business 
City 
Business State 
Business Postal Code 
Business Country/Region 
Home 
Street 
"Home Street 2" 
"Home Street 3" 
Home City 
Home State 
Home Postal 
Code 
Home Country/Region 
Other Street 
"Other Street 2" 
"Other Street 3" 
Other City 
Other State 
Other Postal Code 
Other Country/Region 
Assistant's 
Phone 
Business Fax. 
Business Phone 
"Business Phone 2" 
Callback 
Car Phone 
Company Main Phone 
Home Fax 
Home Phone 
"Home Phone 2" 
ISDN 
Mobile Phone 
Other Fax 
Other Phone 
Pager 
Primary Phone 
Radio Phone 
TTY/TDD Phone 
Telex 
Account 
Anniversary 
Assistant's Name 
Billing Information 
Birthday 
Business Address PO Box 
Categories 
Children 
Directory Server 
E-mail Address 
E-mail Type 
E-mail Display Name 
E-mail 2 Address 
E-mail 2 Type 
E-mail 2 
Display Name 
E-mail 3 Address 
E-mail 3 Type 
E-mail 3 Display Name 
Gender 
Government ID Number 
Hobby 
Home Address PO Box 
Initials 
! 
Internet Free Busy 
Keywords 
Language 
Location 
Manager's Name 
Mileage 
Notes 
Office Location 
Organizational ID Number 
Other Address PO Box 
Priority 
Private 
Profession 
Referred By 
Sensitivity 
Spouse 
"User 1" 
"User 2" 
"User 3" 
"User 4" 
Web Page 
Stuart 
Tomanek 
Credit Suisse 
VSBF 3: CORPORATE SALES - NY 
Vice 
President 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
+1 (212) 325-2359 
+1 (212) 325-0016 
*105 0016 
+1 (917) 673-6671 
stomanel 
0/0/00 
"Genao, Frances" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=stuart.tomanek 
EX 
"Tomanek, Stuart" 
Unspecified 
S.T. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Randy 
Griffith 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Griffith 
"Randy Griffith, CAIA 
Manager, Absolute Return 
UAW Retiree Medical Benefits Trust 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
SMTP 
Randy 
R.G. 
Northwestern 
University 
"1 
Evanston 
IL 
60201 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
N.U. 
"Mei Lun Quach 
Senior Associate, Public Investments 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
TMF 
Capital 
"Wrigley Building 
400 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 620" 
Chicago 
IL 
60611 
United 
States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
T.C. 
"Michael Harron family 
office 
Early hedge fund founder 
Cap Intro client 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077804 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223988 
EFTA01379896

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379897.pdf
----------------------------------------
Michael Marron 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Aurora 
Investment 
Mgmt 
"300 North Lasalle Street, 52nd Floor" 
Chicago 
IL 
60654 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
A.I.M. 
MD Risk Management and Quant Research 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Elisha 
Wiesel 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Elisha ( 
E.W. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"David Kuenzi, Partner and 
SMTP 
"Wiesel, 
Unspecified 
Dan 
and Dawn 
Cohen 
"Ross, Dixon & Bell, LLP" 
"Troutman Sanders 
LLP 
401 9th Street, NW 
Suite 1000" 
Drumlin Road 
Washington 
DC 
20004 
United States of America 
West Simsbury 
CT 
06092 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
SMTP 
Dan and Dawn Cohen ( 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
D.a.D.C. 
"Dawn 
Jake 
Evelyn 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Lurie 
"Lurie Investments, Inc. 
440 West Ontario Street" 
Chicago 
Il 
60654 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
L. 
"Ted Theophilos 
Kris Wood 
John Zoeller 
Jamye Brown 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Ross 
Kennedy 
Credit Suisse 
SAEG 2: PB USA BOSTON RM 
Vice President 
One Federal Street 
Boston 
MA 
02110 
US 
rkennedl 
0/0/00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077805 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223989 
EFTA01379897

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379898.pdf
----------------------------------------
John Tian 
Casey Woolfolk 
Nick Hannan 
Pt 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Angela 
Raitzin 
Constellation Wealth Advisors 
Principal 
"505 
Fifth Avenue, 19th floor" 
New York 
NY 
10017 
United States of 
America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
A.R. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
GRI 
Capital 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
(Bossy Family (Dollarama)) 
Client: Nikhil Shah 
CS: Joe Leo 
Dave McCann (CS AM) 
If 
G.C. 
"GRI Capital- Family office 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Katz 
Group 
(family office - Darryl Katz) 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
K.G. 
"Katz Group (family office -
Darryl Katz) 
Client : Brad Gilewich 
CS: Joe Leo 
Mike Eustace (CS PB) 
Kevin Lorenz (CS PB) 
Please add to distribution 
It 
Normal 
False 
University of Toronto 
Asset 
Mgmt 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
U.A.M. 
Cameron Richards 
Kelvin Hu 
CS: 
Dave McCann 
Joe Leo 
Normal 
"Cleints : Adrian Hussey 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077811 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223995 
EFTA01379898

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379899.pdf
----------------------------------------
Los Angeles, CA 90067 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Notre 
Dame 
Endowment 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
N.D.E. 
"Bill James 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Raytheon 
Pension 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Ford 
Foundation 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
F.F. 
"Mark Baumgartner 
Duke 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Endowment 
0/0/00 
D.E. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Thiel 
Capital 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
T.C. 
"Jory Shoell 
Chief Financial Officer 
Thiel Capital LLC 
Bryce Steeg 
General Counsel 
Thiel Capital LLC 
If 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
CalPERS 
400 Q Street 
Sacramento 
CA 
95812 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C. 
"Mailing address 
Sacramento, CA 95812 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077813 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00223997 
EFTA01379899

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379900.pdf
----------------------------------------
Matthew Martin 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Employees' 
Retirement 
System of Texas 
"200 East 18th Street, 
Suite 200" 
Austin 
TX 
78701 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
E.R.S. 
"Carlos Chujoy 
Robert Lee, Portfolio Manager of Hedge Funds 
Robert C. Lee III 
Portfolio Manager - Hedge Funds 
Employees Retirement System of Texas 
Phone: 
Cell: 
www.ers.state.tx.us <http://www.ers.state.tx.us/> 
Nick Maffeo, Investment Analyst Hedge Funds 
Former Altegris 
Anthony Curtiss, Investment Analyst 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Skybridge 
"527 Madison Avenue, 16th Floor" 
New 
York 
"NY," 
10022 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S. 
"Peter Carey 
GU '98 wife 
West Point 
NYS pension 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Melissa 
Toma 
VZFK 13: PB CAPITAL INTRO 
Director 
San 
Francisco 
CA 
94108 
US 
mtoma 
0/0/00 
"Morgan, 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
Norma" 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077818 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224002 
EFTA01379900

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379901.pdf
----------------------------------------
Roger Hilty, Partner 
Thomas Weber, Managing partner 
Schutzenstrasse 6, CH-8808 
Pfaffikon, Switzerland 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Efficient 
Capital 
4355 Weaver Pkwy 
Warrenville 
IL 
60555 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
E.C. 
"Jeff Brown, Director of Due 
Diligence 
(w) 
Michael Marcey, MD Stategic Development 
managed futures 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
FEG 
"201 East Fifth Street 
Suite 1600" 
Cincinnati 
OH 
45202 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
F. 
"Alan Lenahan, Director of 
Hedged Strategies 
Mark G. Brinker, CFP® 
Research Analyst 
Portfolio Analytics and Liquid Alternatives 
- direct 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Aksia 
"599 Lexington Ave, 46th Floor" 
New York 
NY 
10022 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
A. 
"Norman Kilarjian Partner, 
Tactical Trading and Relative Value 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077820 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224004 
EFTA01379901

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379902.pdf
----------------------------------------
former Arden 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Salient 
Partners 
Houston 
TX 
77027 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S.P. 
Roberto (Rob) Croce 
Travis Robinson, Senior Analyst 
if 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Bill Enszer 
Meritage 
Capital 
Austin 
TX 
78701 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
M.C. 
"Joe Wade CIO and Board of 
Managers 
John 
McCols key 
John 
Apperson 
Adam 
Price 
Justin 
Freels 
John Apperson 
SunLife 
Hills 
MA 
02481 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Mark Prouty 
John Bichajian
S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
One Sun Life Executive Park 
Wellesley 
"Andrew Poston 
Brett Pacific (from Sudbury), senior MD Derivs and quant strats 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077822 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224006 
EFTA01379902

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379903.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gore covers 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Kitano 
Dallas 
TX 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
president 
Doug Martin 
Capital 
2711 North Haskell Suite 1650 
75204 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
(w) 
t.O 
K.C. 
Jonathan Morgan (Johnny), portfolio manager 
Ashley Wicks 
Annandale 
Dallas 
TX 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
(w) 
UTIMCO 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Capital 
75201 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
"Per-Magnus Andersson, 
Normal 
A.C. 
Normal 
False 
0/0/00 
U. 
Amanda Hopper - co-head equities 
Ryan Ruebsahn - head alternatives 
It 
Nationwide 
43215 
United 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
States of America 
0/0/00 
N. 
Senior Investment Professional 
Enterprise Portfolio Management 
325 North St. Paul Street Suite 3500 
"Dhruv Maniktala 
Normal 
"Susan Chen - co-head equities 
Normal 
One Nationwide Plaza 
"Corsan Maley 
Columbus 
OH 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077823 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224007 
EFTA01379903

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379904.pdf
----------------------------------------
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Paul 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Colombo 
0/0/00 
Montecito, CA 93108 
P.C. 
Normal 
False 
James 
McCoy 
signsalign.com 
States of America 
"SignsAlign, LLC 
(917) 817-0264 
J.M. 
It 
Hall 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
It 
Normal 
False 
Capital 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Mike 
Marcus 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
M.M. 
Director of manager research 
Prelude Capital 
437 Madison Avenue 
33rd Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
H.C. 
False 
Former Pergament advisors 
It 
Normal 
Frank 
Masiello 
United States of America 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
"Veeco founder 
Normal 
United 
Phoenix 
AZ 
85016 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Prelude Capital 
F.M. 
False 
Normal 
Normal 
Normal 
"Eric Alt 
"Michael Marcus, CFA 
MA Department of Corrections 
Cedar Hill Road 
Ashland 
MA 
01721 
0/0/00 
Renee - 508-395-2336 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077826 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224010 
EFTA01379904

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379905.pdf
----------------------------------------
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Stamos 
Capital 
10022 
United States of America 
450 Park Ave 
New York 
NY 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S.C. 
"Josh Shapiro, Partner 
(w) 
Tom Olds 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Greg 
Hewett 
Blackstone 
of America 
"300 E. 56th St., Apt. 30L" 
States of America 
Unspecified 
SMTP 
G.H. 
Greg & Jennifer Hewett (our daughter is Hope) 
215 Lancaster Drive 
Clayton, MO 63105 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
United States 
New York 
NY 
10022 
United 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Sam 
Bakhshandehpour 
SBE 
President 
8000 Beverly Blvd 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90048 
United States of America 
"11847 Gorham Avenue, #103" 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90049 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
S.B. 
Ava 
It 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
"Aimee 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Marta 
Ricardo 
America 
States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Marta Ricardo 
Unspecified 
M.R. 
"Henry 
SMTP 
Sam Bakhshandehpour 
Unspecified 
United States of 
New York 
NY 
10128 
United 
Tomas, Nicholas 
Director of Alumni + International Career Services 
Columbia Law School 
Jerome Greene Annex. 
New York, NY 10027 
T: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077827 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224011 
EFTA01379905

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379906.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gabriel Hines 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
MSD 
Capital 
"645 Fifth Avenue, 21st Floor" 
New 
York 
NY 
10022 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
M.C. 
"Guilford (Gil) Forbes 
responsible for extrernal managers 
Rick Leferriere, Head of trading 
Tail risk? 
Michael Dell 
$12bn ($10 in house, $2 external) 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
www.msdcapital.com 
Morgan 
Stanley 
AIP 
West Conshohocken 
PA 
19428 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
M.S.A. 
Executive Director 
Max Egan 
"Radha Thillainatesan, 
Working on basket of tail hedge managers 
., 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
JL 
Squared 
Group 
"Cira Centre 
IIIIMINOMIONIMIIIMPIIII. 
Philadelphia 
PA 
19104 
United States 
of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
J.S.G. 
"Jonathan Liggett, 
Managing Member 
Michael Wigrizer, Investment Analyst 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077829 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224013 
EFTA01379906

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379907.pdf
----------------------------------------
Philadelphia 
PA 
19103 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
P.W.M. 
Investment Portfolio Analyst 
Nicholas Cimino CFA CAIA FRM, Vice President 
Scott Lavelle CFA FRM 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Jennifer Wildeman, VP 
EACM 
"200 Connecticut Ave, Sixth Floor" 
Norwalk 
CT 
06854 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
E. 
"Suzanne Millette Ph.D., Vice 
President 
(w) 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
PAAMCO 
CA 
92612 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
P. 
"Geoff Lasry 
Susan Hallgren, Director Separate Fund Platform 
Mayer Cherem CFA, Managing Director 
Todd Groth, Risk Manager 
Nicolae Cristea CFA, Associate Director 
James Jarvis (London) 
Philip Wong, Associate Director 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Irvine 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077834 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224018 
EFTA01379907

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379908.pdf
----------------------------------------
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Balestra 
Capital 
New York 
NY 
10018 
United States of America 
(212) 768-9000 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
B.C. 
"Chris Gorgone 
went to Providence College 
Lydia Bell 
went to Wellesley College 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Koch 
Industries 
Wichita 
KS 
67200 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
K.I. 
"David May, Treasurer 
Trent May, CFO CIO Corporate Treasury 
Jay Voncannon, Director of Finance, Business Development 
Brett D. Watson, Managing Director Koch Equity Investments, LLC 
sury 
Daniel Nesbitt, Senior Analyst, Investments 
Jeff Straayer 
Vincent Hayes, Analyst Investments 
alMINSIMINEM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077836 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224020 
EFTA01379908

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379909.pdf
----------------------------------------
Silver 
Creek 
1301 Fifth Ave 40th Floor 
Seattle 
WA 
98101 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S.C. 
"Leanne Kolb, CFO 
Rui Gong 
If 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Amber 
Caska 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Amber Caska 
Unspecified 
A.C. 
If 
If 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
World 
Bank 
DC 
20433 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
W.B. 
Principal Portfolio Manager 
Pension and Endowments Department 
Daniela Klingebiel 
Principal Portfolio Manager 
Pension and Endowments Department 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Mohamed Farid 
Washington 
Investure 
Charlottesville 
VA 
22902 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
I. 
"Thomas Stack, Jr. CFA 
Associate 
Sunit Shah 
Hance West 
CIO 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077841 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224025 
EFTA01379909

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379910.pdf
----------------------------------------
Stanford endowment spin off 
Michel Al-Moumen 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Fuller 
Foundation 
135 Noth Los Robles Suite 660 
Pasadena 
CA 
91101 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
F.F. 
"Tom Harbolt, Executive 
Director 
Red Sox fan 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Grandway 
Asset 
Mgmt 
"55 S. Lake Avenue, Suite 700" 
Pasadena 
CA 
91101 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
G.A.M. 
"Victor S. Wang, President 
Frederick C. Wang, VP 
(w) 
Paul P. Chai, SVP 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Harry 
Suh 
Credit Suisse 
SAEM 3: PB USA LOS ANGELES RM 
Vice 
President 
2121 Avenue Of The Stars 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90067 
US 
hsuhl 
0/0/00 
"Liu, Tepei" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIB0HF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=harry.suh 
EX 
"Suh, Harry (SAEM 3) 
(harry.suh@credit-suisse.com)" 
H.S. 
False 
Normal 
Unspecified 
2121 Avenue Of The Stars 
Normal 
Jason 
Haim 
"Breakers Capital Partners, LLC" 
Managing Director 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077848 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224032 
EFTA01379910

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379911.pdf
----------------------------------------
Suite 200" 
Miami 
Florida 
33133 
United States of America 
SMTP 
Jason Haim 
J.H. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Titan 
Advisors 
"2 International Drive, Suite 200" 
10573 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
T.A. 
"Andrew Friedwald 
Principal 
Karl Chalupa 
Head of Risk Management 
Michael (Mike) Mecca, CFA 
Director, Global Macro and Multi-Strategy 
David Fox 
Kieran Cavanna 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
FutureSelect 
Portfolio 
Mgmt 
Kirkland 
WA 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
F.P.M. 
"Rocky and Bullwinkle 
family office 
Ronnie Chapman 
Fund of funds manager 
Ron Ward 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077849 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224033 
EFTA01379911

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379912.pdf
----------------------------------------
Freehold, NJ 07728 
It 
www.bpfunds.com 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Modern 
Woodmen 
1701 1st Ave 
Rock Island 
IL 
61201 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
M.W. 
"Beth McDermott, CFA, CAIA 
Portfolio Manager, Equities and Alternatives 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Freestone 
Capital 
Mgmt 
Seattle 
WA 
98101 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
F.C.M. 
"Meghan Losk, IACCP 
Director, Alternative Investments 
Justin Young, CAIA 
Director, Alternative Investments 
Emily Wright 
Associate - Alternative Investments Operations 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
www.freestonecapital.com 
Butterfield 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Fulcrum 
0/0/00 
B.F. 
"Brian T. Young 
Director, Business Development 
Friends with Lisa Huong 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
www.bfgl.com 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077851 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224035 
EFTA01379912

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379913.pdf
----------------------------------------
Normal 
False 
http://www.simonandkevin.com 
Mariner 
New York 
NY 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Sunil Gaglani 
Normal 
Capital 
"485 Lexington Ave, 28th floor" 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
M.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Gerald Leitner 
Brian 
Swilling 
United States of 
America 
bswillin 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Brian Swilling (-
Unspecified 
B.S. 
False 
Normal 
Susan 
Williams 
Credit 
President 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Suisse 
VXEE 212: FLP FINANCING - US 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Vice 
US 
swilli23 
0/0/00 
"Chorny, John" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=susan.williams 
EX 
"Williams, Susan" 
Unspecified 
S.W. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Yves-Alain 
Sommerhalder 
Credit Suisse First Boston 
SPRA: ADVISORY 
SOLUTION PARTNERS HK 
Managing Director 
"Chan, Jennifer" 
0/0/00 
SUISSE/ou=GL/cn=Recipients/cn=ysommerl 
Unspecified 
Y.S. 
Centre 
Normal 
False 
Aleksandar 
Hong Kong 
Pfajfer 
HK 
Hong 
Kong 
HK 
ysommerl 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-
EX 
"Sommerhalder, Yves-Alain" 
International Commerce 
Normal 
SPRA 3: ADVISORY SOLUTION PARTNERS HK 
Director 
+M4
apfajfer 
0/0/00 
"Chan, 
Jennifer" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=aleksandar.pfajfer 
EX 
"Pfajfer, 
Aleksandar" 
Unspecified 
A.P. 
"ICC 98th fl 
,
Kai 
650 California Street 
International Commerce Centre 
Chen 
(US) 
Normal 
False 
Credit Suisse 
SAES 1: PB 
San Francisco 
CA 
Normal 
USA SAN FRANCISCO RM 
Director 
94108 
US 
kchen5 
0/0/00 
"Mead, Matt" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=kai.chen 
EX 
"Chen, Kai 
(US)" 
Unspecified 
K.C. 
650 California Street 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Wilshire 
Associates 
"1299 Ocean Avenue 
Suite 700" 
Santa Monica 
CA 
90401 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
W.A. 
"Victor Zhang 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077855 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224039 
EFTA01379913

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379914.pdf
----------------------------------------
P.azmig Der-Tavitian 
Monique Miller 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Aetos 
Capital 
LLC 
2180 Sand Hill Road 4th Fl 
Menlo 
Park 
CA 
94025 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
A.C.L. 
"Michael Spath 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Voyager 
Management 
"11111 Santa Monica Blvd, Ste. 1800" 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90025 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
V.M. 
"George Olah -Chief 
Financial Officer 
Brian Murphy - Director of Investor Relations 
Nour Daoud 
Chris and Lyle founders 
Bill Huger 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
M2O 
Incorporated 
"515 South Figueroa Street 
Suite 1050" 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Kevin) O'Connell 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90071 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
M.I. 
"Michael and M-K (Michael-
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Iconiq 
Capital 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
I.C. 
"Divesh Makan - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077856 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224040 
EFTA01379914

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379915.pdf
----------------------------------------
Barry 
Pechenik 
Credit Suisse 
Court, Suite 1100" 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
US 
Vice President 
"200 Crescent 
bpechenl 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
False 
Judy 
0/0/00 
Normal 
False 
Christian 
Participant 
0/0/00 
Barry Pechenik ( 
B.P. 
Normal 
Cumberbatch 
Normal 
Cram 
Credit Suisse 
"One Atlantic Center 
1201 West Peachtree Street,ne 
SMTP 
Judy Cumberbatch 
Unspecified 
Normal 
0/0/00 
J.C. 
SAEN 2: PCS ATLANTA 
Associate Program 
Suite 3650" 
Atlanta 
GA 
30326 
US 
• 
ccram 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=christian.cram 
Unspecified 
C.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Forrestal Capital 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Annette Franqui 
Carlos Hernandez-Artigas 
Jonathan Fischer 
Joshua Green Corp 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
It 
Hillspire 
Menlo Park 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Scott Olle 
F.C. 
Normal 
False 
J.G.C. 
0/0/00 
Normal 
False 
LLC 
CA 
94025 
0/0/00 
Amber Caska, Investment CFO 
Hillspire LLC 
(direct) 
Normal 
Normal 
0/0/00 
EX 
"Cram, Christian" 
Monarch Plaza 
"1010 El Camino 
United States of America 
H.L. 
"Woods Staton - ARCO 
"Stan McCammon 
Real, Suite 200" 
"Eric Schmidt family office 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077858 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224042 
EFTA01379915

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379916.pdf
----------------------------------------
Chuck Chai cchai@hillspire.com 
Teling Peterson peterson@hillspire.com 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Thomson Family Office 
"65 Queen Street West 
Suite 2400" 
Toronto 
ON 
M5H 2M8 
Canada 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
T.F.0. 
"Stefan Clulow 
Thomvest Seed Capital 
www.thomvest.com 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Lee 
Porrazzo 
Pace BMW 
236 W Boston Post Road 
Mamaroneck. 
NY 
10543 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Lee 
Porrazzo 
Unspecified 
L.P. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Eve 
Ngan 
"Vice President Global Treasury 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
"Ngan, 
Eve" 
Unspecified 
E.N. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Cox. 
Partners 
"2100 McKinney Ave, Suite 1700" 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.P. 
"Craig Wideman 
Berry Cox 
If 
George 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Meierhofer 
"Kaufman Dolowich Voluck & Gonzo LLP 
100 William Street, Suite 215" 
New York 
NY 
10038 
United States of 
America 
New York 
NY 
10128 
United 
States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
George Meierhofer 
aMIn
Unspecified 
George Meierhofer 
Partner 
Kaufman Dolowich Voluck & Gonzo LLP 
100 William Street, Suite 215 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077859 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224043 
EFTA01379916

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379917.pdf
----------------------------------------
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Jeremy 
Operations 
Lisle 
IL 
Lila Taylor (April 26, 2009) 
H 
Guilford 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
G. 
Miller 
Deloitte Consulting LLP 
United States of America 
2284 Oak Hill Drive 
60532 
United States of America 
Portfolio hedge 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
False 
ersona 
Normal 
Normal 
Senior Manager I Strategy & 
nspeci led 
"James Landrigan 
Andrew 
Firstman 
Credit Suisse 
SAEN 2: PCS ATLANTA 
Director 
"One 
Atlantic Center 
1201 West Peachtree Street,ne 
Suite 3650" 
Atlanta 
30326 
US 
afirstml 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
o=C 
-S SS /ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=andrew.firstman 
Unspecified 
A.F. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
EX 
"Firstman, Andrew" 
Monarch Plaza 
Mark 
Horncastle 
Credit Suisse 
SAEN 1: PCS ATLANTA 
Director 
"One 
Atlantic Center 
1201 West Peachtree Street,ne 
Suite 3650" 
Atlanta 
GA 
30326 
US 
mhorncas 
0/0/00 
"Norton, Sunny" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=mark.horncastle 
EX 
"Horncastle, Mark" 
Unspecified 
M.H. 
Monarch Plaza 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Douglas 
Elliman Property 
Management 
New York 
NY 
10017 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Uns.ecified 
D.E.P.M. 
Penny Rund 
675 Third Avenue 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077861 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224045 
EFTA01379917

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379918.pdf
----------------------------------------
It 
Mike 
"200 Crescent Court 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Hood 
Credit Suisse 
SAER 1: PB USA HOUSTON 
Vice President 
Suite 1100" 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
US 
+1 (214) 979-4018 
*325 4018 
(214) 673-6452 
mhood 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=mike.hood 
EX 
"Hood, Mike" 
Unspecified 
M.H. 
200 Crescent Court 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
EDGE 
Capital 
Partners 
"1380 W. Paces Ferry Rd. 
Suite 1000" 
Atlanta 
GA 
30327 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
E.C.P. 
"Whit Davis 
404-890-7709 w 
404-641-5373 c 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Giuseppe 
Pagano 
RBC 
United States of 
America 
309 North Broadway 
Upper Nyack 
NY 
10960 
United States of 
America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
JPMorgan 
SMTP 
Giuseppe Pagano 
Unspecified 
G.P. 
"Denise, Giuseppe, Aidan, Matteo, Alejandra 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Peter 
Connors 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Peter" 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Unspecified 
SMTP 
"Connors, 
P.C. 
State of Wisconsin 
Investment 
Board 
121 E. Wilson Street 
Madison 
WI 
53703 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S.I.B. 
"Derek Drummond - alpha 
strategies 
Fund of Funds Analyst, Analytics 6 Fund Management Group 
Derek.Drummond@swis.sTATE.wi.us 
(608) 267-2924 (w) 
(303) 579-0456 O 
Chase Nicholson - alternative beta 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077864 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224048 
EFTA01379918

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379919.pdf
----------------------------------------
Andy 
Rallis 
Met Life 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
A.R. 
It 
Boom Fitness 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
B.F. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Blackstone 
Alternative Asset 
Management 
345 Park Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10154 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Blackstone Alternative Asset Management ( 
Unspecified 
B.A.A.M. 
"Paul M. Lim 
(212) 583-5550 
Arthur Liao 
Managing Director & CFO 
Assistant is Maggie 
David Mehenny 
Weiyin He 
Alex Dementiev 
Jason Tjosvold 
Ed Meyer 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Tim 
Bowen 
SMTP 
SMTP 
TimBo@vulcan.com 
tim@thematal.com 
SMTP 
Tim Bowen 
Unspecified 
T.B. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Ryan 
Benedict 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077865 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224049 
EFTA01379919

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379920.pdf
----------------------------------------
0/0/00 
"Benedict, Ryan" 
Normal 
False 
Dennis 
0 00 
Dennis Andal 
D.A. 
Maryellen 
Jacob 
Matthew 
Aiden 
0/0/00 
Andal 
0 00 
Unspecified 
Normal 
"Work cell 201.710.0844 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
LLC 
Lawrence Investments 
Walnut Creek 
CA 
Lexington Ave. 
San Mateo 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
L.L.I. 
Paul Marinelli 
Vice President 
Philip Simon 
" 
5-2 
Normal 
False 
M&A 
94549 
United 
CA 
94402 
Normal 
SMTP 
R.B. 
Princeton 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
a es o 
e
r
i
c
a
-
,
-
-
ica 
United States of America 
"Larry Ellison 
Phil 
Piliero 
United States of America 
Unite 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
SMTP 
Phil Piliero 
fied 
P.P. 
Bethesda, MD 20817 
Kate 
Kate Hubin I Vice President, National Publicity I Lionsgate I 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Greg 
Karcich 
Credit Suisse 
VZCI 44: EQUITY COVERAGE SALES 
Managing 
Director 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
*105 7504 
karcicl 
0/0/00 
"Dominguez, Sharol" 
0/0/00 
/ocCREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=gteg.karcich 
EX 
"Karcich, Greg" 
Unspecified 
G.K. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077866 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224050 
EFTA01379920

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379921.pdf
----------------------------------------
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Hartz 
Capital 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Stein 
Unspecified 
N.C. 
"Stern Family 
Covered by Joe Lerner 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
James 
Hoesley 
"Franklin Center 
Credit Suisse 
3090 
SMTP 
Eddie 
SANC: PCS CHICAGO 
Managing Director 
Chicago 
IL 
S 
jhoesley 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=GL/cn=Recipients/cn=jhoesley 
EX 
"Hoesley, James" 
Unspecified 
J.H. 
Franklin Center - 227 
West Monroe Street 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Peter 
Ferguson 
Credit Suisse 
Associate Program Participant 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
o=C 
-S S 
ou= xc ange 
inistrative 
illiall.11.11.ts/cn=peter.ferguson 
EX 
"Ferguson, Peter 
Unspecified 
P.F. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
245BFAF5 
Neil 
Cross 
"Gar Wood Securities, LLC" 
Street Suite 2201" 
Chicago 
Illinois 
60605 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Neil Cross 
Unspecified 
N.C. 
False 
Normal 
Brian 
Street, Suite 201" 
America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
imee 
Harbor 
"440 South LaSalle 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
orma 
Merrins 
"Bluestem Asset Management, LLC" 
CFO 
"212 E. Main 
Charlottesville 
VA 
22902 
United States of 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
TAG 
Associates 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
It 
T.A. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
SMTP 
nspeci ie 
B.M. 
Nibble 6 Prentice 
Seattle 
WA 
98101-4064 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
0/0/00 
K. 
Investment Advisor 
Private Client Services 
Nibble & Prentice*, a USI Company 
"Jeff Tumolo 
"Keith Capasso, CFA 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077871 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224055 
EFTA01379921

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379922.pdf
----------------------------------------
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Kirk 
Jackson 
United States of America 
SMTP 
kjackso2 
Kirk Jackson 
Unspecified 
K.J. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Jonathan 
Advisor 
America 
Palmer 
Merrill Lynch I Global Wealth Management 
Financial 
New York 
NY 
10016 
United States of 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Jonathan 
Palmer 
SMTP 
Jonathan 
Palmer (MSB-PVTC] 
Unspecified 
J.P. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Cornerstone 
Advisors 
"Cornerstone Advisors Inc. 
225 108th Avenue NE, Suite 400" 
Bellevue 
WA 
98004 
United States of 
America 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.A. 
"Mike Hughes, CFA, CAIA 
Chief Investment Officer 
Pedalino, Paul 
Mark Wilkerson , Associate Director Investments 
Katie Robinette, MD Private Eequity 
Joe Franzi JD 
Managing Director, Investments 
It 
Normal 
False 
http://www.buildbeyond.com 
David 
Garfin 
United States of America 
+1 
Normal 
SANM 3: PCS LOS ANGELES 
Vice President 
0/0/00 
• ar n 
I • es 
S erman, Me 'sae 
SMTP 
David Garfin 
nspeci ie 
D.G. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077872 
SDNY_GM_00224056 
EFTA01379922

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379923.pdf
----------------------------------------
Quentin - born summer 2007? 
Celine Hug-Sapin 
RLG Europe BV, Swiss Branch 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Garage 
- Car 
New York 
NY 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
It 
#247 
EZ 2 Park LLC 
10028 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Nick 
Reilly 
"Kenwood Office 
States of America 
0/0/00 
'Nick Reilly' 
Normal 
False 
Tim 
Tallach 
0/0/00 
Tallach 
Normal 
False 
Jonathan 
York 
NY 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Baker 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
G.C.C.2. 
False 
Normal 
Horan Capital Advisors 
Normal 
240 East 82nd St. 
Portfolio Manager and Principal 
Cincinnati 
Ohio 
45236 
United 
SMTP 
Unspeci ie 
. . 
GenSpring Family Offices 
Unspecified 
Normal 
nspeci ie 
• • 
b/w 11th and 12th Ayes 
Jennifer Walser 
It 
Gale 
Clark 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
False 
Anirudh 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
False 
Fabian 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
False 
SMTP 
Tim 
T.T. 
jb@3-by.com 
SMTP 
Jonathan baker 
SMTP 
Jennifer Walser 
"je & jo comestibles 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Gupta 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Mora 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Toll Family Office 
250 Gibraltar Road" 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Eric Shelton 
G.C. 
Capital One 
A.G. 
F.M. 
New 
SMTP 
Gale Clark 
Normal 
SMTP 
Anirudh Gupta 
Normal 
SMTP 
Fabian Mora 
Normal 
"Toll Brothers, Inc. 
Horsham 
PA 
19044 
United States of America 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
T.F.O. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077876 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224060 
EFTA01379923

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379924.pdf
----------------------------------------
"Eric M. Shelton 
Sr Investment Officer 
Toll Brothers, Inc. 
Horsham, PA 19044 
Toll Family Office 
CS Borker - David Tracy (CHI) 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Ranger 
Capital 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
R.C. 
"Kurt Overley 
Co-Chairman of the Investment Committee, actively manages and supervises all portfolio 
management functions and execution of the investment process. 
Mark Walker 
Co-Chairman of the Investment Committe, actively manages and supervises all portfolio 
management functions and execution of the investment process. 
Nim Hacker 
Ranger's in-house counsel, evaluates fund offering documents for each investment under 
consideration. Mr. Hacker works with the Team on all legal issues involving the Fund, 
investment managers and service providers. 
Mark knows Arden Moore at Bass 
Normal 
False 
It 
Charles 
Schwartz 
"Titanium Capital Group, LLC 
East Avenue 
1343" 
Normal 
"Titanium Capital Group, LLC" 
Managing Partner 
New Canaan 
CT 
06840 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Charles Schwartz 
"Insurance wrapper for deriv products 
Unspecified 
Knows Jeff Jaenicke and Mitch Krieger (PBUSA NY) 
It 
Normal 
False 
Parametric 
Risk 
Advisors 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
P.R.A. 
Brad Berggren 
Normal 
SMTP 
C.S. 
"Jon Orseck 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077877 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224061 
EFTA01379924

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379925.pdf
----------------------------------------
Former Bessemer Trust 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Galapagos 
Partners 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Director of Investments 
Galapagos Partners, L.P. 
Houston, TX 77007 
Direct: 
Stephen P. Lack - 
It 
John 
Counsel 
G.P. 
"Kathy Chan 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Slavitt 
Slavitt 
Normal 
False 
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. 
Corporate 
Normal 
Unspecified 
J.S. 
SMTP 
John 
State 
Farm 
Insurance 
(Auto and Condo) 
W. 8th Street 
New York 
NY 
10011 
United States of America 
(212) 253-2236 
(212) 253-2230 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
State Farm Insurance (Auto and Condo) ( 
) 
SMTP 
State Farm Insurance (Auto and Condo) 
Unspecified 
S.F.I. 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
http://www.thewaddleagency.com/ 
Oliver 
Schupp 
Altemis Capital 
Managing Director 
United States of America 
SMTP 
Oliver Schupp 
SMTP 
Oliver Schupp ( 
Unspecified 
It 
Bruce 
Lee 
States of America 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
212E9CC8 
BAML 
Managing Director 
United 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
B.L. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
211DA705 
Donald 
Eller 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Donald Eller ( 
Unspecified 
D. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Dan 
Miller 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077879 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224063 
EFTA01379925

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379926.pdf
----------------------------------------
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
D.M. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Chad 
Heath 
Endeavour Capital 
Managing Director 
"601 West Fifth 
Street 
Suite 700" 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90071 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Chad 
Heath 
Unspecified 
C.H. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Steve 
Ploder 
"Franklin Center 
Credit Suisse 
SANG: PCS CHICAGO 
Vice President 
227 West Monroe Street" 
Chicago 
IL 
60606-5016 
US 
•244 6033 
sploder 
0/0/00 
"Detmar, Stephanie" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=steve.ploder 
EX 
"Ploder, 
Steve" 
Unspecified 
S.P. 
Franklin Center - 227 West Monroe Street 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Mitchell 
Schnapp 
DB 
Head of Canada SRP? 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Schnapp 
Unspecified 
M.S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Heptagon 
Capital 
"63 Brook Street 
SMTP 
Mitchell 
Mayfair" 
London 
W1K 4HS 
United Kingdom 
207070 1803 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Eran.Benzour@heptagon-
capital.com 
SMTP 
Eran Ben-Zour 
Unspecified 
H.C. 
"CHKP advisor (Marius) 
dir 
fax 
- mobile 
mobile 
Russell Brennan - CS coverage 
Office tel 
Mobile tel 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Robert 
Perlman 
Credit Suisse 
SAEP 3: PCS NEW YORK REGIONAL OFFICE 
Managing Director 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
*105 0404 
rperlmal 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=robert.perlman 
EX 
"Perlman, Robert" 
Unspecified 
R.P. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Norman 
Epstein 
650 California Street 
4. 
Credit Suisse 
SANP 1: PCS SAN FRANCISCO 
Director 
San Francisco 
CA 
94108 
US 
nepstein 
0/0/00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077880 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224064 
EFTA01379926

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379927.pdf
----------------------------------------
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIB0HF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=norman.epstein 
EX 
"Epstein, Norman" 
Unspecified 
N.E. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Huntington 
National 
Bank 
"Centre City Tower 
Pittsburgh 
Pennsylvania 
15222 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
H.N.B. 
"Marcie Knittel 
David R. Fitzsimmons 
Senior Vice President, Equity Derivatives 
It 
Swank Capital 
0/0/00 
Toudouze 
S.C. 
- work 
- cell 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Swank Capital, LLC" 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Dan Spears 
aniel L. Spears - Partner 
Libby Toudouze - Partner 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
SMTP 
Libby 
Unspecified 
Brent 
Johnson 
Baker Avenue Asset Management 
Managing Director 
"601 California Street 
Suite 750" 
San Francisco 
CA 
9410E 
United States of America 
Unspecified 
Normal 
SMTP 
B.J. 
Chuck 
Ng 
Value Partners Limited 
Managing Director 
"9th Floor, 
Nexxus Building" 
Connaught Road 
Central 
Hon Kong 
crig2
ICI 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Chuck 
Ng 
Unspeci iec 
C.N. 
"Ng Chek Siang, CFA, CAIA 
Managing Director 
Value Partners Limited 
It 
Jim 
Director 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
McDonnell 
Credit Suisse 
"3 Exchange Square,22nd Floor" 
"Wong, Sally" 
VOFL: GMSG CONVERTIBLE BONDS 
Managing 
Hong 
Kong 
HK 
jmcdonnl 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077881 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224065 
EFTA01379927

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379928.pdf
----------------------------------------
Philip 
Horigan 
Corcoran 
Senior Vice President 
New York 
NY 
10036 
United States of 
America 
Unspecified 
or 
Linda - 
Mitch 
0/0/00 
Rotenberg ( 
M.R. 
It 
Bryce 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
B.O. 
"BSX (Nicholas) and MRK (personal) 
Normal 
Rotenberg 
0/0/00 
Normal 
O'Brien 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Philip Horigan (I 
P.H. 
False 
"MDT holder 
False 
Normal 
Normal 
Nicholas Advisors 
0/0/00 
"Jen Snowden at 
SMTP 
Mitch 
Unspecified 
SMTP 
Ronn 
0/0/00 
Loewenthal
R.L. 
Normal 
False 
Loewenthal 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Jackie 
Dinella 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Dinella 
"Roger Dinella (brother) 
Director of Tax 
C.V. Starr a Co., Inc. 
Park Avenue, 6th Floor 
New York, NY 10016 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Email: 
It 
Dr. 
New 
Martin 
York 
New 
False 
Normal 
False 
Ehrlich 
Normal 
SMTP 
Ronn 
Unspecified 
"Advisor to Hasso Plattner 
Normal 
SMTP 
Jackie 
Unspecified 
Normal 
ft 
J.D. 
245 Fifth Avenue @28th Street 2nd Floor 
York 
10016 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Ehrlich I 
M.E. 
EIM 
Management 
(USA) 
27th Floor" 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
COO, USA 
New York 
NY 
10022 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Martin 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"750 Lexington Avenue 
E.M. 
"Gary J. Yannazzo 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077885 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224069 
EFTA01379928

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379929.pdf
----------------------------------------
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Jarom 
Matsuda 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Jaron 
Matsuda 
Unspecified 
J.M. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Pete 
Schedler 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Pete Schedler ( 
Unspecified 
P.S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Dr. 
D. 
M. D 
Madeline Apfel 
Gramercy Park West 
New York 
NY 
10003 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
May Chew 
(Dr. Apfel's office) 
Unspecified 
D.M.D.M.A. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Broad Family Office 
"10900 Wilshire Blvd., 12th floor" 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90024 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Peter Adamson 
Unspecified 
B.F.O. 
"Peter Adamson 
Chief Investment Officer 
Broad Family Office 
10900 Wilshire Blvd., 12th floor 
Los Angeles, CA 90024 
ph: 
fax: 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Jim 
Mavrikos 
Credit Suisse 
SAEG: PB USA BOSTON 
Director 
One 
Federal Street 
Boston 
MA 
02110 
US 
jmavrikl 
0/0/00 
"Racine, Dan" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=jim.mavrikos 
EX 
"Mavrikos, Jim" 
SMTP 
Jim Mavrikos ( 
Unspecified 
J.M. 
One Federal Street 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Corbin 
Capital 
Partners 
"590 Madison Avenue 
31st Floor" 
New York 
NY 
10022 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.C.P. 
"Steven Carlino, CFO 
- Direct 
Craig Bergstrom 
Partner, PM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077886 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224070 
EFTA01379929

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379930.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUG counsel 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
DART 
Management 
P.O. Box 31363 SMB 
"Windward 3, 
Regatta Office Park" 
Grand Cayman KY1-1206 
Cayman Islands 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
D.M. 
"Bill Sullivan, VP 
work 
cell 
Jeff Turner 
(cell) 
We are at 
On the beach side, between Royal Palms and the Sovereign (approximately opposite Burger 
King). 
Turn in at driveway just north of Royal Palms at break in eucalyptus hedge. 
Code for entry is 
(or possibly 
Watch out for chickens crossing the road. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Anschutz 
Investments 
"555 Seventeenth Street, Suite 2400" 
Denver 
CO 
80202 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Scott Carpenter 
Unspecified 
A.I. 
"UNP,Q, APC $1BN+ 
CS broker - Joe Asiano (left firm) 
Michael Crooks 
Scott Carpenter - 
VP & General Counsel 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077893 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224077 
EFTA01379930

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379931.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gautreau 
Unspecified 
O. 
"LAMR 
CS broker - Christy Hooper 
Alyssa B. Gautreau, CPA 
Financial Manager 
Woodlawn Investments, Inc. 
David Ziober 
dziober@bellsouth.net 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Rudy 
Karsan 
Kenexa Corp. 
Chairman/CEO 
oor" 
Wayne 
"PA," 
19087 
Unite States o America 
0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
" 
Unspeci ie 
R.K. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Gregory Family 
Office 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Bill Loran 
Unspecified 
O. 
"Joe Gregory 
KG 
$100mm+ 
CS brokers - Ted Moore, Tim Dod 
Legal 
Brian) 
m (Libby) 
le 
Stewart 
Normal 
False 
Bosley 
Normal 
Credit Suisse 
SANM 3: PB USA LOS ANGELES 
Director 
90067 
US 
sbosleyl 
0/0/00 
"Solis, Garrett" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Grou 
FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn•Reci ients/cn=stewart.bosley 
EX 
"Bosley, Stewart 
Unspecified 
S.B. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Sunil 
United 
Bhide 
Volaris 
AIMA 1: AI VOLARIS 
States of America 
*105 8423 
0 00 
del 
0/0/00
"Vetrovsky, Susie 
SMTP 
Sunil Bhide
E
l
ai
t
venue
ever 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Unspecified 
S.B. 
Larry 
Hansel 
Rampage Clothing 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077900 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224084 
EFTA01379931

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379932.pdf
----------------------------------------
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
"ICON hedge 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
L.H. 
CS broker - Kevin Monaco 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Mort 
Fuller 
Genesee & Wyoming Inc 
Chairman 
"Genesee & Wyoming 
Inc. 
Greenwich 
CT 
06830 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
001.1.1. 
SMTP 
Mort Fuller 
M.F. 
GW 
e ge 
CS broker - Daryl Tombacher 
GWR legal 
Allison M. Fergus 
General Counsel & Secretary 
It 
Peter 
Campus Martius 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Peter Karmanos Jr. 
Unspecified 
"Daniel S. Follis 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Karmanos 
Jr. 
Compuware 
Detroit 
MI 
Corp 
Chairman/CEO/Co-founder 
One 
48226 
United States of America 
Vice President and Associate General Counsel 
Compuware Corporation 
One Campus Martius 
Detroit, MI 48226 
Terri Trainor Clark 
Legal Analyst 
Compuware Legal Department 
Joe Angileri - accountant 
CS broker - Jim Mavrikos 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077901 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224085 
EFTA01379932

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379933.pdf
----------------------------------------
Normal 
False 
Normal 
National 
City/PNC - 
Derivatives 
"20 Stanwix Street 
Locator 46-25169" 
Pittsburgh 
PA 
15222 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
Rongaus 
Unspecified 
"Todd Rongaus 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
SMTP 
Todd 
N.C.D.D. 
Eugene 
Melnyk 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Erin 
Crowe 
Unspecified 
E.M. 
"Eugene Melnyk 
Erin Crowe 
Daryl Boyce 
VP Capital Sports Holding 
www.ottawasenators.com 
CS broker - Bob Constant 
BVF shares 
ft 
Normal 
False 
Rosemore 
Inc. 
22nd Floor" 
Baltimore 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Frank 
Rosenberg 
SMTP 
au 
ner 
SMTP 
Ken rou 
ns•eci ie 
R.I. 
rank 
Rosenberg - 
Normal 
"One North Charles Street 
410-347-7068 
Paul Ebner - 
MD 
21201 
EVP and COO 
Ken Trout -
President/CEO 
Robert (Bob) Delp - 
United States of America 
SVP and CFO 
legal work is done by Miller & Chevalier in DC 
BP/C0F/WB 
$500mm+ 
CS brokers - Bill Belleville and Rob Black 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077905 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224089 
EFTA01379933

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379934.pdf
----------------------------------------
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Jeff Kiley 
Unspecified 
J.K. 
2121 Avenue Of The Stars 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
CSFB 
Houston 
"700 Louisiana Street 
29th Floor" 
Houston 
TX 
77002 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.H. 
& 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Phil 
Swatzell 
Credit Suisse 
SANL: PB USA DALLAS 
Managing Director 
"200 Crescent Court 
Suite 1100" 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
US 
pswatzel 
0/0/00 
"McKee, Rosalyn" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIB0HF23SPDLT)/cn•Recipients/cn=phil.swatzell 
EX 
"Swatzell, Phil 
Unspecified 
P.S. 
200 Crescent Court 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
CSFB 
Philadelphia 
"300 Four Falls Corporate Center 
300 Conshohocken State Rd 
Suite 600" 
West Conshohocken 
PA 
19428 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.P. 
"Rich Jaffe 
Lisa Dimter 
DIRECTIONS TO CREDIT SUISSE PHILADELPHIA AREA OFFICE 
From 476 (Blue Route) North 
Exit 16A Conshohocken. Stay left on exit ramp towards Conshohocken. At end of exit 
ramp make right onto Matsonford Road. Stay towards right as road merges with exit ramp 
of Schuykill Expressway. Make right at 1st light (Route 23 East) onto Front Street. 
Make immediate left at 1st light onto Crawford Avenue. Proceed a short distance to the 
2nd light and make a left onto Woodmont Avenue. Building is on your immediate left. 
Visitor's spots are available as you immediately turn left into the parking facility. 
If you park in the underneath garage, take elevator to lobby level and then take lobby 
elevators to 6th floor. 
From 476 (Blue Route) South 
Exit 16 (I-76 / Conshohocken) Keep right at fork and follow signs for PA 23/Conshocken. 
Continue to end of fork to Matsonford Road. Turn right at Matsonford Road and 
Matsonford Road will merge with exit ramp of Schuykill Expressway. After the merge, 
make right at 1st light (Route 23 East) onto Front Street. Make immediate left at 1st 
light onto Crawford Avenue. Proceed a short distance to the 2nd light and make a left 
onto Woodmont Avenue. Building is on your immediate left. Visitor's spots are 
available as you immediately turn left into the parking facility. If you park in the 
underneath garage, take elevator to lobby level and then take lobby elevators to 6th 
floor. 
From 23 West (Gladwyne & Villanova Area) 
After crossing Spring Mill Road, proceed approximately .6 miles to 2nd light and make 
right onto Woodmont Avenue. Building is on your immediate left. Visitor's spots are 
available as you immediately turn left into the parking facility. If you park in the 
underneath garage, take elevator to lobby level and then take lobby elevators to 6th 
floor. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077908 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224092 
EFTA01379934

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379935.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUISSE/ou=GL/cn=Recipients/cn=mpeters8 
EX 
"Peterson, Mark (I 
Unspecified 
650 California Street 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
M.P. 
Alpa 
Panchal 
United States of America 
apanchal 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Alpa Panchal ( 
Unspecified 
A.P. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Philip 
Davies 
Credit Suisse 
SABM 1: PB AMER WEALTH ADVISORY SPEC 
Director 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
ptdavies 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=GL/cn=Recipients/cn=ptdavies 
EX 
"Davies, Philip.T ( 
Unspecified 
P.D. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Michael 
Stoddard 
Credit Suisse 
SAB: PB USA 
PRODUCT MANAGEMENT 
Director 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York. 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
ms todda4 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=michael.stoddard 
EX 
"Stoddard, Michael 
Unspecified 
M.S. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Manuel 
Bellod 
SEGU 2: PB SOLUTION PARTNERS 
Managing Director 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
mbellod 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=manuel.bellod 
EX 
"Bellod, 
Manuel 
Unspecified 
M.B. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Karina 
Mattis 
Credit Suisse 
SECD 3: STRUCTURED PRODUCTS 
Vice 
President 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US • 
kmattis 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=karina.mattis 
EX 
"Mattis, Karina 
Unspecified 
K.M. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Tiffany 
Gajadhar 
Credit Suisse 
SECD 3: STRUCTURED PRODUCTS 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
tgajadha 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
Administrative Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=tiffany.gajadhar 
EX 
"Gajadhar, Tiffany ( 
Unspecified 
T.G. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Hugh 
Neuburger 
Credit Suisse 
SABC: PB USA ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS 
Managing Director 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
'Mr 
II 
hneuburl 
0/0/00
"Finochio, Gabrielle" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=hugh.neuburger 
EX 
"Neuburger, Hugh 
.. 
Unspecified 
H.N. 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Eileen 
Duff 
Credit Suisse 
Director 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077910 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224094 
EFTA01379935

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379936.pdf
----------------------------------------
SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=mark.washburn 
EX 
"Washburn, Mark 
M.W. 
Normal 
Lyle 
Eleven 
Unspecified 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Monteserrato 
Credit Suisse 
SABD: PB USA LENDING 
Vice President 
Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10010-3629 
US 
lmontese 
0/0/00 
Administrative Group 
"Monteserrato, Lyle
Unspecified 
L.M. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Peter 
Director 
Skoglund 
"Franklin Center 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=lyle.monteserrato 
EX 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Credit Suisse 
SAN: PB USA MANAGEMENT 
Managing 
227 West Monroe Street" 
Chicago 
IL 
60606-5016 
US 
41111.)
pskoglun 
0/0/00 
"Volpe, Kari" 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=peter.skoglund 
EX 
P.S. 
Normal 
Franklin Center 
David 
Day 
Hong Kong Mercantile Exchange 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
D.D. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Skoglund, Peter 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Lisa 
Cannavino 
Credit 
President 
Eleven Madison Avenue 
Head of Marketing 
SMTP 
David Day ( 
SMTP 
David Day 
Suisse 
YISE 1: GC-L IB NY EQUITY 
Vice 
New York 
NY 
10010 
US 
lcannavl 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative Group 
(FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=lisa.cannavino 
EX 
"Cannavino, Lisa 
L.C. 
Normal 
Geir 
Unspecified 
One Madison Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Fjugstad 
CS PB USA 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=geir.fjugstad 
EX 
Geir Fjugstad 
Unspecified 
G.F. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Steve 
Westerman 
UBS 
Vice President - Investments 
"UBS Private 
Wealth Management 
2000 Avenue of the Stars, 7th Floor North" 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90067 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
Westerman 
S.W. 
Peter 
Unspecified 
False 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Steve 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Prophit 
Normal 
Nadim 
El 
Gabbani 
0/0/00 
El Gabbani ( 
N.E.G. 
0/0/00 
UBS 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
P.P. 
Normal 
Normal 
False 
SMTP 
Nadim 
Unspecified 
Normal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077912 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224096 
EFTA01379936

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379937.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pete 
Coppa and Faye 
Iosotaluno 
211 North End Ave Apt 7C 
New York 
NY 
10282 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Pete Coppa 
and Faye Iosotaluno ( 
SMTP 
Pete Coppa and Faye Iosotaluno ( 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
P.C.I. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Alex 
Witherill 
CS PB USA 
DIR 
"650 California Street, 31st 
floor" 
San Francisco 
CA 
94108 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-
SUISSE/ou=GL/cn=Recipients/cn=awitherh 
EX 
Alex Witherill (alex.witherill@credit-
suisse.com) 
Unspecified 
A.W. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Matt 
Hodus 
San Francisco 
CA 
94108 
United States of America 
CS PB USA 
VP 
"650 California Street, 31st Floor" 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-
SUISSE/ou=GL/cn=Recipients/cn=mhodus 
EX 
Matt Hodus
Unspecified 
M.H. 
False 
Normal 
Steve 
Roti 
Nomura 
United States of America 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
"Aimee 
Xander 
Normal 
False 
Steve 
Czick 
CS 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S.C. 
False 
Normal 
Doug 
Oldfield 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Oldfield ( 
D.O. 
Normal 
Managing Director 
Hewlett Neck 
NY 
11598 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Steve Roti 
Unspecified 
S.R. 
Normal 
"Doug.oldfield@msci.com 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Dennis 
Davitt 
Normal 
SMTP 
Doug 
Unspecified 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Dennis Davitt ( 
Unspecified 
D.D. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Amanda 
Angulo 
"McGraw Hill Financial " 
S&P Dow Jones Recruiter 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Amanda Angulo - Credit Suisse 
Unspecified 
A.A. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Jed 
Donahue 
Wilmington 
DE 
19806 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Jed Donahue (-
0/0/00 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077913 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224097 
EFTA01379937

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379938.pdf
----------------------------------------
Unspecified 
J.D. 
"Sandra 
editor in chief of ISI Books, as well as VP of publications for ISI (the 
Intercollegiate Studies Institute) 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Stuart 
Ganes 
"MD, Credit Risk Management" 
Basking Ridge 
NJ 
07920 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Stuart 
Ganes 
Unspecified 
S.G. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Sonia 
Palmieri 
CS 
Analyst 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
S.P. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Joe 
Hamilton 
Credit Suisse 
Director and Counsel 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=joe.hamilton 
EX 
Joe Hamilton 
Unspecified 
J.H. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Anton 
Wong 
BHP Paribas 
SEGS 16: ADVISORY SOLUTION PARTNERS HK 
Managing Director 
United States of America 
*852 8045 
awong34 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Anton Wong ( 
SMTP 
Anton Wong ( 
Unspecified 
A.W. 
Three Exchange Square 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Bob 
Sierens 
Credit Suisse 
"VP, PBUSA" 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=robert.sierens 
EX 
Bob Sierens 
Unspecified 
B.S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Gene 
Krieger 
Shamrock Holdings 
Vice Chairman and COO 
4444 
Lakeside Drive 
Burbank 
CA 
91505 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
Krieger 
G.K. 
0/0/00 
"Janice 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Anne 
Conry and Bevan 
Dobberpuhl 
SMTP 
Gene 
Unspecified 
SMTP 
bevandobberpuhl@yahoo.com 
aconry@mba2008.hbs.edu 
SMTP 
aconry@mba2008.hbs.edu 
Unspecified 
A.C.D. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Betsy 
Verill 
"94 Beacon St, Apt 
48" 
Somerville 
MA 
02163 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
Betsy Verill ( 
Verill 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Betsy 
SMTP 
Betsy Verill 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077914 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224098 
EFTA01379938

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379939.pdf
----------------------------------------
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Rick 
Selvala 
Harvest Volatility Management 
CEO 
"420 Lexington 
Avenue 
Suite 2656" 
Country Club Road 
New York 
NY 
10170 
United States of America 
New Canaan 
CT 
06901 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Rick Selvala
SMTP 
Rick Selvala ( 
Unspecified 
"Kristin 
Devin (8), Jackson (6), Henry (3.5) as of Jan 2006 
It 
Normal 
False 
Effeson 
Hailemichael 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Effeson Hailemichael ( 
Unspecified 
E.H. 
Normal 
0/0/00 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Darren 
Saletta 
Coldwell Banker 
Realtor 
(III)
CSFB 
R.S. 
cell 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Darren Saletta ( 
Unspecified 
D.S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Yusuf 
Iqbal 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Yusuf 
Iqbal 
Unspecified 
Y.I. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Matt 
and Katie 
Donato 
830 West Agatite #3 
Chicago 
IL 
60640 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
M.D. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Melissa 
and Thomas 
Graham 
"223 
Weaver Street, #20F" 
Greenwich 
CT 
06831 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Melissa 
and Thomas Graham ( 
Unspecified 
M.G. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Priyanka 
0/0/00 
Nishar ( 
P.N. 
Ray 
0/0/00 
"Karen 
Alicia 
Nishar 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Priyanka 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
McGregor 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Lin 
Yu 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Ray McGregor 
Unspecified 
R.M. 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Group (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=lin.yu 
EX 
"Yu, Lin (YALG) 
SMTP 
Lin Yu 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077916 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224100 
EFTA01379939

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379940.pdf
----------------------------------------
Unspecified 
L.Y. 
"Brett Southworth 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Kathleen 
Burbank 
Galli 
CA 
91505 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Galli 
Normal 
False 
Jack 
Broderick 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Broderick ( 
J.B. 
Matt 
America 
GUASFCU 
Orfuss 
Matt Orfuss 
Orfuss 
- parents? 
Shamrock Holdings 
United States of America 
Normal 
CS PBUSA 
San Francisco 
Unscecif led 
Normal 
False 
Allan 
Kennedy 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Allan Kennedy 
A.K. 
Mary 
Anne 
Guediguian 
States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Mary Anne Guediguian ( 
Mary Anne Guediguian ( 
Mary Anne Guediguian ( 
"Mary Anne Guediguian 
Account Manager 
Insurance 
«ATT59516» 
1633 Broadway, 45th Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
D: 
F: 
It 
Bill 
0/0/00 
Normal 
4444 Lakeside Drive 
Unspecified 
False 
SMTP 
Kathleen 
K.G. 
SMTP 
Jack 
Unspecified 
Normal 
United States of America 
CA 
94118 
United States of 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Matt Orfuss 
M.O. 
Normal 
CS - Volaris 
Normal 
False 
PIMCO 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Belleville 
CS PB USA 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Matt 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
Normal 
United 
SMTP 
SMTP 
SMTP 
M.A.G. 
SMTP 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077917 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224101 
EFTA01379940

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379941.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bill Belleville 
Unspecified 
False 
Dave 
8219 E. Old 
0/0/00 
Dave Rosenberg
Unspecified 
False 
Normal 
Rosenberg 
Mill Ct. 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Andy 
McNamara 
3030 Bessemer Street 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Norma 
Fa se 
Normal 
• 
Hawker Beechcraft 
Wichita 
KS 
D.R. 
Taylor Made 
Normal 
United States of America 
SNIP 
Financial Analyst 
Normal 
San Diego 
CA 
92106 
United States of America 
SMTP 
Andy McNamara 
1•
- le 
A.M. 
Tim 
McNamara 
Benicia 
CA 
94510 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
McNamara
T.M. 
Jeffrey 
Morse 
Unspecified 
False 
Jeff 
SMTP 
J.M. 
Normal 
• 
SMTP 
Tim 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Wildin 
Credit Suisse 
"PB USA. VP" 
Normal 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Group (FYDIB0HF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=jeff.wildin 
EX 
"Wildin, Jeffrey D. (SAEL 
2) 
Unspecified 
J.W. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Hal 
Lambert 
Credit Suisse 
"PB USA, Director" 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Grou (FYDIB0HF23SPDLT)/cn=Reci ients/cn=hal.lambert 
EX 
"Lambert, Hal A. (SAEL 2) 
Unspecified 
. . 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Barton 
Green 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Excflange Administrative 
Group (FYDIB0HF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=barton.green 
EX 
"Green, Barton (VXEC 90) 
Unspecified 
B.G. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Northern 
Trust Alternative 
Solutions 
"Northern Trust 
S. LaSalle St., Floor M-10" 
America 
2030 
0/0/00 
Solutions 
Alternati 
Alternative Solutions 
"Main contacts = Steve Miocic & Atanas Alexiev 
Unspecified 
Chicago 
IL 
60603 
United States of 
(866) 704-
0/0/00 
MTP 
Northern Trust Alternative 
SMTP 
Northern Trust 
SMTP 
Northern Trust 
N.T.A.S. 
Mike Leon (MD) 
Greg Dennerle n 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077918 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00224102 
EFTA01379941

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379942.pdf
----------------------------------------
P.M. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Catherine 
Unspecified 
False 
Coley 
Curley 
Glenview Capital 
C.C. 
Normal 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Catherine Curley
Jellinghaus 
CS PB 
Normal 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Group (FYDIB0HF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=coley.jellinghaus 
EX 
"Jellinghaus, Coley 
(SEU0) ( 
.. 
Unspecified 
C.J. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Cynthya 
Tran 
America 
SMTP 
Cynthya 
SMTP 
( 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
United States of America 
New York 
NY 
10013 
United States of 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Tran (-
Cynthya Tran 
Unspecified 
C.T. 
Daniel 
Shashoua 
CS Private bank 
DIR 
United States of America 
Sao Paolo 
CEP: 04564-000 
Brazil 
- blackberry 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Group (FYDIB0HF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=daniel.shashoua 
EX 
"Shashoua, Daniel 
(SALA 316) ( 
Unspecified 
D.S. 
"Silvia 
Giulia 
Emilie 
It 
Christin 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Hinkle 
Credit Suisse 
New York 
Analyst 
NY 
10023 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
/o=CREDIT-SUISSE/ou=Exchange Administrative 
Group (FYDIB0HF23SPDLT)/cn=Recipients/cn=christin.hinkle 
EX 
"Hinkle, Christin B. 
(VZGJ 661) ( 
C.H. 
Normal 
False 
Bill 
Levy 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
False 
Northwestern 
Milwaukee 
WI 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
B. L. 
Normal 
(w) 
(?) 
Mutual 
53202 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
N.M. 
Caesar Castroverde 
Director, Fixed income, currency and derivatives trading 
(w) 
SMTP 
Bill Levy
720 East Wisconsin Avenue 
"Mike Holloway 
Unspecified 
Normal 
0/0/00 
Normal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077920 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224104 
EFTA01379942

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379943.pdf
----------------------------------------
S.P. 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Greg 
Prata 
"Gotham Private Equity Partners, L.P." 
"Gotham 
Private Equity Partners, L.P. 
355 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor" 
America 
0/0/00 
Prata 
G.P. 
David Benyaminy 
Gregory Prata 
Dan Gaspar 
Kyce Chihi 
0/0/00 
New York 
NY 
10017 
United States of 
"Steven Flyer 
Unspecified 
SMTP 
Greg 
We are pleased to announce the formation of Gotham Private Equity Partners, L.P., a New 
York-based private equity firm focusing on middle market and lower-middle market 
companies. With backing from a network of high net worth families, we are establishing 
Gotham to provide differentiated private equity and strategic advisory services to our 
partners, management teams and companies seeking capital. Gotham invests in leveraged 
buyouts, buy-and-build strategies and special situations and provides capital to 
growing companies in various industries. 
Gotham is comprised of a group of seasoned investment professionals who have worked 
together for many years in private equity, leveraged finance and M&A. During their 
tenure together, the Gotham principals have been actively involved in many successful 
private equity investments and other financing transactions. We look forward to 
formally introducing our firm to you. 
For further information regarding Gotham Private Equity, please visit our website at 
www.gothamequity.com or contact us directly: 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Irl 
Solomon 
CS - Miami 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
I.S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Sharon 
Cornwell 
DART 
United States of 
America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
S.C. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077925 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224109 
EFTA01379943

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379944.pdf
----------------------------------------
Aisa 
Aiyer 
Symantec 
United States of 
America 
"570 Beale Street, #415" 
San Francisco 
CA 
94105 
United 
States of America 
Personal 
Unspecified 
False 
Normal 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Aisa Aiyer
SMTP 
Aisa Aiyer ( 
A.A. 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Jason 
Alambra 
United States of 
America 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Jason Alambra ( 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
J.A. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Bob 
Armiak 
World Financial Network/ ADS 
VP and Treasurer 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Clients 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Bob Armiak 
Unspecified 
B.A. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Patrick 
Barry 
United States of 
America 
"97 Howard Street, Apt. 2" 
Cambridge 
Ma 
02139 
United 
States of America 
(M) 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
P.B. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Scott 
Children 
Class of '98 
Unspecified 
False 
Beale 
Normal 
Norm 
Bishop 
Unspecified 
False 
State Department 
INL: Counter-Trafficking of Woman & 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Scott Beale ( 
S.B. 
Normal 
http://www.scottbeale.com 
SMTP 
Norm Bishop
N.B. 
Normal 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Normal 
James 
Bodurtha 
Georgetown University 
Assoc. Professor of Finance 
and Int'l Bus. 
"313 Old North 
37th and ""O"" Streets, NW" 
Washington 
DC 
20057 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
J.B. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Jason 
Bohle 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
JPMorgan 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
J.B. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Steven 
Boyd 
"Alvarez & Marsal Healthcare Industry Group, LLC" 
Director 
0/0/00 
Steven Boyd 
0/0/00 
Personal 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Steve Boyd 
Unspecified 
S.B. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Arthur 
Broadbent 
United States of 
America 
John Street 
Ridgewood 
NJ 
07450 
United States of 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077931 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224115 
EFTA01379944

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379945.pdf
----------------------------------------
America 
(212) 834-5407 
(201) 670-1210 
(201) 259-5662 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
JPMorgan 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
A.B. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Doug 
and Joan 
Calhoun 
United States of 
America 
Fifth Ave. 
Sea Girt 
NJ 
08750 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
SMTP 
Doug Calhoun 
SMTP 
Joan Calhoun 
D.a.J.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Wesley 
Chen 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
Unspecified 
W.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Dave 
and Ingrid 
Clark 
America 
Ashland 
MA 
01721 
United States 
of America
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
Unspecified 
D.a.I.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
United States of 
Mike 
& Judy 
Cohen 
United States of 
America 
Longmeadow 
MA 
01106 
United States of 
America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Michael Cohen 
Unspecified 
M.J.C. 
Boca Raton, FL 33428 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Anthony 
Coniglio 
United States of 
America 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
(tandacon@aol.com) 
Normal 
False 
0/0/00 
Normal 
SMTP 
Anthony Coniglio 
Unspecified 
A.C. 
Grandma 
Cotterell 
United States of 
America 
"4 Barnett Court 
Larges Lane" 
Bracknell 
Berks 
RG12 9AT 
England 
illil 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
G.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Mark 
and Tracy 
Cotterell 
United States 
of America 
Watford 
Herts 
England 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
SMTP 
Mark and Tracy Cotterell 
Unspecified 
M.a.T.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Paul 
Cunningham 
NY Life 
United States 
of America 
riliMIMIM 
Manhasset 
New York 
11030 
United 
States of Ame 
ISOM 
627-2741 
(917) 297-4153 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
JPMorgan 
paul_cunningham@nylim.com 
SMTP 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077932 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224116 
EFTA01379945

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379946.pdf
----------------------------------------
If 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Geoff 
Fitzgerald 
Morgan Stanley 
Vice President 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
G.F. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Ja 
Galston 
Persona 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
J.G. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
0/0/00 
Pat 
Gillespie 
United States of 
America 
Allston 
MA 
02134 
United States 
of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
Unspecified 
P.G. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Alex 
Gou outas 
United States of 
America 
Princeton 
NJ 
08540 
United States of 
America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
Unspecified 
A.G. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
GUASFCU 
0 00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
G. 
False 
Normal 
Ta for 
Harris 
J.P. Mor an 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
JPMorgan 
SMTP 
T.H. 
Michael 
Hoehn 
America 
America 
Personal 
. . 
Ava Elizabeth 
It 
Normal 
False 
Mr. 
& Mrs. 
Hug 
America 
0/0/00 
M.M.H. 
Suzanne 
Huntley Levy 
Career Services 
USC Gould School of Law" 
America 
of America 
"Mrs. Huntley 
Normal 
Normal 
False 
Unspecified 
Normal 
United States of 
Leawood 
KS 
66224 
United States of 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
ea 
Normal 
United States of 
Mies 
1295 
Switzerland 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Assistant Director 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90089-0071 
United States of 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90064 
United States 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
Suzanne Huntley Levy 
S.H.L. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077934 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00224118 
EFTA01379946

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379947.pdf
----------------------------------------
Chad Levy 
Normal 
False 
Lars 
and Tina 
Johnson 
America 
States of America 
0/0/00 
Personal 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
United States of 
Agoura Hills 
CA 
91301-2103 
United 
(818) 
0/0/00 
tinacjohn@gmail.com 
SMTP 
Lars and Tina Johnson 
Unspecified 
L.a.T.J. 
Tony 
Kaseta 
Collect America 
States of America 
States of America 
Personal 
SMTP 
SMTP 
nspeci se 
T.K. 
False 
Normal 
Tim 
Keeney 
' 
nes 
States of America 
States of America 
(parents) 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
False 
Normal 
T.K. 
Kathryn and Kevin 
Kelly-Thompson 
United States of America 
United States of America 
Personal 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Dennis 
Drive 
pommummom 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Dennis Knitowski ( 
Dennis Knitowski 
D.K. 
Grace 
Koo 
252 7th Avenue #15M 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
G.K. 
grace cell - 
It 
Knitowski 
Avondale 
Normal 
United 
Erie 
CO 
80516 
United 
0/0/00 
Normal 
United 
Dallas 
TX 
75206 
United 
(860) 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Tim Keeney 
Normal 
Norwich 
VT 
05055 
SMTP 
n specs se 
K.K. 
PA 
19311-1407 
United States of America 
JPMorgan 
SMTP 
pasiann 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Credit Suisse 
Managing Director 
New Yor 
United States of America 
SMTP 
Normal 
False 
Ken 
& Mary Ellen 
of America 
America 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
False 
Kranz 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Mark 
LaGratta 
K.M.E.K. 
Normal 
United States 
Greensboro 
NC 
United States of 
"Barclays Wealth " 
"Director " 
Normal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077935 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224119 
EFTA01379947

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379948.pdf
----------------------------------------
07958 324038 
It 
Normal 
False 
Rosalind 
Oldfield 
America 
1532 Hickory Trail 
America 
Normal 
Allen 
TX 
75002 
United States of 
United States of 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Rosalind Oldfield
Unspecified 
R.O. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Robin 
Oldfield 
United States of 
America 
Lower Brookshill 
"Shelve, Minsterley" 
Shropshire 
SY5 0JW 
England 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Robin Oldfield ( 
Unspecified 
R.O. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Avinash 
Pillay 
United States of 
America 
of America 
12012 Arista Manor Way 
Germantown 
MD 
20876 
United States 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Personal 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
A.P. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Justin 
Reidell 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
J.R. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
John 
Rhinelander 
United States of 
America 
of America 
Loantaka Lane North 
Morristown 
NJ 
07960 
United States 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
JPMorgan 
SMTP 
John 
Rhinelander
SMTP 
John 
Rhinelander
Unspecified 
J.R. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"http://www.rbccm.com/0„cid-
24423_,00.html" 
Kristin and Brian 
of America 
Smith 
United States of America 
United States 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
K.S. 
Evergreen Pswy, Morris, CT 06763 
Take FDR, then RFK bridge (triborough) 
after RFK toll booth, stay to the left, and go down ramp that says "New England" on it 
Then once you're on the 2nd bridge, stay in the far right lane, and then Merge onto I-
278East, which is also called the Bruckner Expressway. 
On the Bruckner, stay to the left and go down the ramp on the left that continues 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077939 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224123 
EFTA01379948

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379949.pdf
----------------------------------------
East but I also think it says I-95 
You'll go over a small bridge (thats always in disrepair!) 
immediately after the bridge we get into the far right lane, and exit the highway to 
get on the "Bronx River Parkway" 
After the bridge, you could just stay on I-95 and take that for a couple of miles until 
you get to the Hutchinson River Parkway exit, this is usually what GPS recommends, but 
we find there is so much traffic that way, so we take the Bronx River Parkway. If you 
follow GPS, you'll do I-95 to the Hutchinson Pkwy to 684. If you do our directions, 
you'll do I278E/I95 to Bronx River to Cross County East (exit 11E) to Hutchinson River 
Pkwy North to 684 North (Hutch turns into 684 North if you stay to the left). More 
complicated, but less traffic! 
The main goal is to get to 684! :) 
Once on 684 North, you take it for a while until the exit for 84 East toward Danbury. 
There is a rest stop about 4 miles before the 84 East exit if you need to stop on 684 
North. 
After you're on 84 East, your GPS is going to tell you to take a different way through 
New Milford on 202 East/7 North but that is always really crowded on the weekends, and 
is more difficult, so we would recommend the following directions once you get on 84 
East, go all the way to exit 15 and your GPS will adjust accordingly. 
Stay on #84 East (toward Hartford) until Exit 15 
Turn left at the bottom of Exit 15; you are now on Highway #6 East 
Take #6 East for 5 4 miles to Route #47; turn left onto Route #47 North 
Go just 1 mile on Route #47 to where you veer off to the right onto Route 
#132 North 
Stay on Route #132 North/East for 5 4 miles to Judge Lane (as a landmark, look for a 
small sign hanging off to the left that says "Wellspring"; you will be 
turning left, but veering off to the right instead of making a hard left 
After only 4 mile you will hit a stop sign; continue straight (road also 
goes off to the right); the road will wind around a bit; after 1 mile you 
will come to an intersection where you should bear right, and you will now 
be on Todd Hill Road; go for 1 mile and you'll get to a stop sign 
Continue straight until your second left which will be Evergreen Passway! 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Karim 
Sawabini 
Moon Capital Management 
United States of America 
New York 
NY 
10065 
United States of 
(212) 652-4516 
0/0/00 
Persona 
i 
SMTP 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIII 
SMTP 
Karim Sawabini 
K.S. 
"Nathalie 
nathalie.zayek@gmail.com 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Colleen 
Schweichler 
Clorox 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
GUASFCU 
SMTP 
C.S. 
Bonnie 
Seideman 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
GE Capital 
ABS clients 
Inspect ie• 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
SMT? 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224124 
DB-SDNY-0077940 
EFTA01379949

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379950.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bonnie Seideman 
B.S. 
It 
Shea 
Normal 
False 
Silidker 
Unspecified 
False 
Normal 
Unspecified 
"Former Cap One head of CC securitization 
KPMG Consulting 
Normal 
Senior Manager 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Shea Silidker ( 
SMTP 
Shea Silidker
S.S. 
Matt 
Stoltz 
Sports & Arts Center at Island Lake 
United States of America 
"136 E 57th St., Suite 1001" 
10022 
United States of America 
SMTP 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
False 
Normal 
Mr. 
& Mrs. 
Walchuk 
America 
America 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
False 
It 
David 
0/0/00 
walkerd@georgetown.edu 
Normal 
False 
Hyde Park Cir. 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Thayer 
Calle la Mesa 
Hockey 
M.S. 
(M) 
Normal 
Director 
New York 
NY 
SMTP 
Normal 
http://www.islandlake.com 
United States of 
Conway 
AR 
72032 
United States of 
Personal 
M.M.W. 
Sarah and Jay 
United States of 
America 
223 
Moraga 
CA 
94556 
United States of 
America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
S.T. 
"Researcher • Health Economics & Outcomes • i3 Innovus 
Direct: 
• Fax: 
425 Market Street, 12th Floor • San Francisco, CA • 94105 
Jay mobile 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Walker 
Georgetown University - MSB 
0/0/00 
Personal 
Normal 
Marshall 
White 
American Capital 
2200 Ross Ave, Suite 4500W" 
America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
JPMorgan 
SMTP 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Unspecified 
Jen and Pete 
Sargent 
States of America 
952 18th Street Apt #5 
United 5 -Ater; of America 
HitFix LLC 
Normal 
Prof. 
walkerd@georgetown.edu 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
D.W. 
"American Capital 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
United States of 
SMTP 
M.W. 
United 
Santa Monica 
CA 
90403 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Jen and Pete Sargent 
) 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
"Pete - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077941 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224125 
EFTA01379950

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379951.pdf
----------------------------------------
False 
Normal 
Greg 
Strassberg 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
Strassberg 
Strassberg 
"October 25t 
,
0/0/00 
Arden Asset Mgmt 
of America 
SMTP 
Greg 
SMTP 
Greg 
Unspecified 
G.S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Kyongsoo 
Noh 
United States of America 
11354 
United States of 
JPM Asset Management 
143-51 Roosevelt Avenue 
America 
VP 
4D 
Flushin 
NY 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
k on soo.noh@ mor an.com 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Kyongsoo Noh 
K.N. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Niele 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
C.W. 
Lord 
B100" 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Matt Long 
Baltimore Capital 
Corporation 
Baltimore 
MD 
21209 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
(617) 794-8125 
SMTP 
..
1sl
iM
)ec
e 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Chief Investment Officer 
Russell Bell 
Treasurer 
It 
Maria 
Normal 
L.B.C.C. 
False 
Normal 
Chiodi 
Credit Suisse - LCD DERIVATIVES 
"6225 Smith Avenue, Suite 
"BP/COF/WB - $500mm+ 
Vice President 
Unspecified 
M.C. 
Normal 
False 
John 
J.W. 
Normal 
Wang 
Oak Hill Platinum 
Janeen - 19months as of May '09 
It 
Ben 
Roth 
Normal 
False 
"Winnie 
Normal 
specified 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077944 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224128 
EFTA01379951

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379952.pdf
----------------------------------------
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
J.L. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Chris 
Foster 
Lazard 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
C.F. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Stephen 
Lane 
Shirley 
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 
in 
Fashion Island 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
S.L.S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
CSFB 
Atlanta 
"3414 PEACHTREE ROAD, NE 
SUITE 400" 
ATLANTA 
GA 
30326 
USA 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.A. 
"Robert Durham 
Carrie Viberg 
Monarch Plaza (attached to Buckhead Ritz) 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
toll free 
CSFB 
Boston 
ONE FEDERAL STREET - 36TH FLOOR 
BOSTON 
MA 
02110 
USA 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.B. 
"Steve Dunne 
Govinda Sumberg 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
CSFB 
Chicago 
"AT&T CORPORATE CENTER 
227 WEST MONROE STREET - 31ST FLOOR" 
CHICAGO 
IL 
60606-5016 
USA 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.C. 
"Dave McGranahan 
Mirella Saucedo 
ft 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
CSFB 
Dallas 
"200 CRESCENT COURT 
SUITE 1100" 
DALLAS 
TX 
75201 
USA 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.D. 
"Phil Swatzell 
Rosalyn McKee 
Normal 
False 
CSFB 
Los Angeles 
LOS ANGELES 
CA 
90067 
USA 
Normal 
"2121 AVENUE OF THE STARS, 33FL" 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.L.A. 
"Todd Buchner 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077948 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224132 
EFTA01379952

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379953.pdf
----------------------------------------
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Ste hen 
Gra 
Credit Suisse 
Director 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
SMTP 
Stephen Gray 
Unspecified 
S.G. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Jae 
Kim 
United States of America 
United States of America 
a 
- us cell 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Jae Kim - 
_ 
Unspecified 
J.K. 
_ 
400 Seagull Court 
Irving, TX 75060 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Scott 
Plumridge 
"Halifax Group The" 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S.P. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
SMTP 
Eunie 
Suh 
NYLIM 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Eunie Suh 
SMTP 
Eunie Suh 
Unspecified 
E.S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Marci 
America 
Rosenfeld 
United States of 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Marci Rosenfeld 
nspeci ie 
M.R. 
False 
Normal 
orma 
Gary 
Dilella 
Advisor for Rich Caruso (IART) 
"The Provco Group 
Two Villanova Center 79 
Villanova, PA 19085 Mailing 
address: P.O. Box 190" 
Villanova 
PA 
19085-0190 
United States of 
America 
0/0/00 
Normal 
E'Trade 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
False 
False 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Normal 
Steve 
Levine 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Levine 
S.L. 
Managing Director 
Normal 
E. 
UBS - Private Banking 
"Steven H. Levine 
Unspecified 
SMTP 
G.D. 
Normal 
m 
SMTP 
Steve 
Unspecified 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077950 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224134 
EFTA01379953

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379954.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glen Johnson 
Director of Multi Family Office Services 
111 Lyon Street, NW 
Grand Rapids, MI 49503 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Elaine 
Sam 
Credit Suisse 
Managing Director 
Murray Street 
New York 
NY 
10007 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
Ginwing 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
G.L. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
E.S. 
Normal 
False 
Lum 
Soc gen 
us 
SMTP 
Elaine Sam ( 
Normal 
Bob 
Constant 
"Jefferies & Company, Inc. " 
"Managing Director " 
(212) 336-7264 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Bob Constant ( 
Unspecified 
B.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Chris 
Laver 
Credit Suisse Private Bank (USA) 
VP 
"650 California 
Street, 31st Floor" 
San Francisco 
CA 
94108 
United States of America 
Guerrero Avenue 
Half Moon Bay 
CA 
94019 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
C.L. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Mark 
J. 
Uzelac 
2501 Foxbriar Court 
Wexford 
PA 
15090 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Don Monti - 
M.J.U. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Bill 
Sullivan 
ML Private Bank 
VP 
SMTP 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Bill 
Sullivan ( 
Unspecified 
B.S. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Paul 
Vanden 
Heuval 
CS Private Bank - Chicago 
VP 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077952 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224136 
EFTA01379954

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379955.pdf
----------------------------------------
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Crow 
Holdings 
75219 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
C.H. 
Kevin Sedwick 
If 
3819 Maple Avenue 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Dallas 
TX 
"Ashish Malhotra 
PIMCO 
Newport Beach 
CA 
92660 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
P. 
■ 
"Ben Emons, SVP 
Portfolio Management 
Matt Dorsten 
Multi-asset vol arb 
Al Alperin 
IT 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Andrew 
Baehr 
A.B. 
SMTP 
Andrew Baehr 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Stadion 
Watkinsville 
GA 
30677 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S. 
"Will McGough, CFA 
Vice President/Portfolio Manager 
Jud Doherty, CFA 
President 
Clay Alliston 
Senior Vice President 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077956 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224140 
EFTA01379955

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379956.pdf
----------------------------------------
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
HH 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
H. 
Db ib 
Randall Andersen 
DS Wolf 
BofA, UBS 
Patrick Harman 
GQR 
ri= 
DBAM, BofA, JPM? 
Edward Fernand 
Solomon Page 
efernand@spges.com 
BNP 
Anita Hill Sands 
Intuition Financial Placement 
BNP? 
Jason Beir 
Bay Street Advisors, LLC 
New York, NY 10017 
le 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Stephen Fairholme 
Memorial 
Hermann Health 
System 
"909 Frostwood Drive, Suite 
2:101:4" 
Houston 
TX 
77024 
United States of America 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077958 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224142 
EFTA01379956

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379957.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mark 
0/0/00 
Kurt 
0/0/00 
Kurt Overley 
K.O. 
Overley 
0/0/00 
k2 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Normal 
False 
Overley 
0/0/00 
Normal 
False 
Advisors 
0/0/00 
k.A. 
now part of Franklin Templeton 
I
f
Normal 
False 
Franklin 
Templeton 
10020 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
F.T. 
Quantitative Research Analyst 
FT Multi-asset Solutions 
Mike Kerins 
work 
cell 
TIAA-CREF 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
Jayesh Shansali 
Bobby Afkhami • 
Alternatives 
Doug Bollermann 
Normal 
False 
0/0/00 
T. 
Justin "Siff" Ourso 
Normal 
False 
Unspecified 
Normal 
Normal 
Normal 
600 5th Avenue 
Normal 
Normal 
SMTP 
Mark Overley 
M.O. 
SMTP 
Unspecified 
"Spencer Ogden 
New York 
NY 
"Stephanie Chan 
"Insurance Hedging 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077960 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224144 
EFTA01379957

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379958.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bill 
Gates 
Investments 
WA 
98033 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
B.G.I. 
Ben Graves 
Former JPM derivs 
"Cascade 
BGI holds large single stock positions a la Berkshire. Holdings are public 
. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Forward 
Funds 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
F.F. 
"Nathan Rowader 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Kirkland 
JPM 
Alternative Asset 
Mgmt 
New York 
NY 
10017 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
J.A.A.M. 
"Michelle Ruvolo-Jones 
Columbus, OH team 
“ 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Microsoft 
Treasury 
Building 8 (East Campus)" 
Redmond 
WA 
98052 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
M.T. 
"Brad Faulhaber 
Brandon Diersch 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
John 
Belanger 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
John Belanger 
SMTP 
John Belanger 
Unspecified 
J.B. 
II 
Pete 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Casella 
JPM Venture Capital 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077961 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224145 
EFTA01379958

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379959.pdf
----------------------------------------
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
SMTP 
Pete Casella
P.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Tim 
Jones 
SAC Capital 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
SMTP 
Tim Jones 
Unspecified 
T.J. 
"Former TX Teachers 
re 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Absolute 
Return 
Strategies 
"1151 Scripps Center 
312 Walnut Street" 
Cincinnati 
OH 
45202 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
A.R.S. 
"Allen taring IV 
Director, COO 
513-362-4343 
Daily liquid fx fund of funds using Citi platform and distributed through Guggenheim 
and others 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Achaean 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
A. 
President and CEO 
work 
cell 
Laurence Ryan 
Michael Pedraja 
Tim Hill 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Lorry Stensrud 
AEGON 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
A. 
"Laurence (LT) Grant 
Head of global guarantee platform 
Barry Seeman 
Global head of structuring and US trading for derivs 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Alcatel-Lucent 
Pension 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
A.P. 
"Drew O'Brien 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077962 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224146 
EFTA01379959

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379960.pdf
----------------------------------------
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Mercer 
Consulting 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
M.C. 
Manager research. Some interest in liquid alts 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Pacific 
Life 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
P.L. 
"Tom Billiard 
Janssen Wee 
Annuity hedging 
It 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Partners 
Capital 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
It 
P.C. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Putnam 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
P. 
I. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Security 
Benefit 
Life 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S.B.L. 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
Stanford 
Management 
Company 
CA 
94305 
United States of America 
0/0/00 
0/0/00 
Unspecified 
S.M.C. 
Director Portfolio Strategy 
Vera Kotlik, Dir Absolute Return and Fixed Income 
Sabrina Liang 
Normal 
False 
Normal 
"Karen Horn Welch, 
Stanford 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077966 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224150 
EFTA01379960

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379961.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Cynthia Rodrigu 
Sent: 
3/6/2018 4:43:55 PM 
To: 
Bella Klein 
CC: 
Stewart 0ldfield 
Subject: 
RDC - 3rd Party Violation - Jeffrey Epstein( 
Attachments: 35269691 deposit 2.15.18.pdf; 35269691 check 2.15.18.pdf 
Hi Bella, 
Hope all is well. We received notification that the attached checks were processed and improperly endorsed. This is a 
violation of the Remote Deposit Device Capture User Agreement. Please be more diligent in reviewing the checks before 
scanning. If this continues, the bank may be forced to remove your deposit scanning privileges. 
Feel free to reach out if you have any questions. Thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
IDM 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bar* Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 
4th Fl 10154-0004 New York. NY. USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in 
this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice. and the information contained in this 
communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077968 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224152 
EFTA01379961

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379962.pdf
----------------------------------------
Lesky x  gre 
kr 
I 
Dani
srag
u
Pay to the 
Order of 
2480 
1-1322/260 
 F $ /Fa-ool 
I 
Q'r Q ilfelsan 
14A 4,-Y104 id 
C E Wi 0 0  
 riorirs n 
First Republic Bank 
I 
320 Pot Avenue 
Now York, WY 10022 
600 902 1407 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0077971 
SDNY_GM_00224155 
EFTA01379962

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379963.pdf
----------------------------------------
There is no custody account, just your KCP global markets account. 
Will provide full summary tomorrow with revenues and pending opportunities. Safe travels. 
Regards, 
Brad 
Bradley Gillin 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Fl. 
New York, NY 10154 
On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:19 PM, Joshua Shoshan ‹
> wrote: 
<image001 gif,
Joshua Shoshan 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0CO4 New York. NY, USA 
Al trade execution information contained herein is being provided as an accommodation at your request in advance of your receipt 
of the official trade confirmation(s). Additional trade detail information available upon request. The terms of the trade(s) may be 
subject to change prior to settlement, and therefore the official trade confirmation(s) and accotrit statements issued by Deutsche 
Bark shall govern. Deutsche Bank is not responsible for any discrepancy between the informal execution report and the official 
trade confirmation(s) or account statements. 
This email may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this email in 
error), please notify the sender immediately and delete the email from your computer. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or 
distribution of the material in this email is prohibited. 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who are sophisticated institutional investors within the 
meaning of the F/NRA Rule 4512(C)(3). and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, characteristics and investment risks of, 
and exercising independent judgment in evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and transactions are subject 
to relevant internal approvals of DBSl or its affiliates prior to execution. and the execution of any transaction or idea discussed 
herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. 
Key Client Partners (KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and related matters discussed herein are provided for 
discussion purposes only, and strictly on a non-advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide investment advice. 
The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is being presented for your information and for discussion 
purposes only. My reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or disclosure of its content without our written 
consent is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding obligation on the part of DBSI or any of its 
affiliates. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077976 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224160 
EFTA01379963

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379964.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: 
5/11/2017 3:58:01 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
RE: trading capabilities 
I 
I 
Perfect. Will be great to meet him. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, May 11, 2017 3:45 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading capabilities 
i would like to wait until we finalize bringing someone onboard so they can attend 
should be 1-2 weeks more 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On May 10, 2017, at 3:34 PM, Stewart Oldfield <
> wrote: 
Let me know when you would like to reconnect on this. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, May 03, 
4:47 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading capabilities 
hope to know timing by friday 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
I
RK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077980 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00224164 
EFTA01379964

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379965.pdf
----------------------------------------
On May 3, 2017, at 10:20 AM, Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
wrote: 
I've prepped people internally for this conversation. Let's discuss next week when we 
get together. Let me know what times work for you Wednesday and Thursday. Thanks 
From: Richard Kahn [mil
Sent: Thursday, April 27, 2017 9:24 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: trading capabilities 
are you free to talk this am 
free now or after 10:30am 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell
On A r 26 2017 at 5:12 PM, Stewart Oldfield 
wrote: 
The reality is that most of that went away when we closed all of the IB 
trading relationships. And it isn't really possible to do anything credit 
bearing OTC without the markets accounts and ISDA. 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto
Sent: Wednesday, April 26, 2017 5:07 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: Re: trading capabilities 
mr epstein has been asking and would like to give him feedback 
this week on trading capabilities 
regarding next week - wednesday is ok to come by 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077981 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224165 
EFTA01379965

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379966.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
5/27/2017 3:41:48 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0082289 Daily Deposit Report 20170527 
e 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
35269691 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
35270625 NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
42953424 NEPTUNE, LLC 
42953432 HYPERION AIR, LLC 
42953459 JEGE, INC 
42953467 PLAN D, LLC 
42953475 JEGE, LLC 
05/26/17 
BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMDUNT 
3,509,310.08 
.00 
215,743.06 
100,591.79 
963,187.55 
671,910.77 
295,660.31 
42953707 DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
364,919.76 
42953715 HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
208,436.37 
42953758 NES, LLC 
780,511.26 
42957978 )SC INTERIORS LLC 
105,615.00 
42959295 LSJE, LLC 
272,746.44 
42959324 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
176,073.36 
42966807 ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
685,847.37 
42967121 PRYTANEE, LLC 
698,482.14 
42967340 CRW 2007 LLC 
.00 
42967359 GEW 2007 LLC 
.00 
42967447 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
.00 
42967658 TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
.00 
42967666 SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
42967674 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
42967690 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
.00 
42967703 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
42968001 TODD R. WANEK 2015 GRAT 
.00 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
13,802,138.59 
44133251 GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
788,964.89 
77000949 THE HAZE TRUST 
21,020,993.06 
77000957 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
11,463,588.51 
77000965 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
18,004,284.75 
77000981 TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
252,572.50 
77001001 SSW 2007 LLC 
250,319.24 
77001028 KWF 2007 LLC 
250,393.25 
77001052 CRW 2007 LLC 
250,058.56 
77001060 GEW 2007 LLC 
250,058.56 
77001079 SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
250,345.29 
77001087 KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
254,571.95 
77001124 WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
250,623.55 
77001175 TODD R. WANEK 2016 GRAT 
.00 
77001183 SHARI WAGNER 2016 GRAT 
.00 
77001191 SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT 
.00 
77001220 CRW 2009 LLC 
250,073.97 
77001239 GEW 2009 LLC 
250,083.22 
77001247 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2016 GRAT 
1,240,115.75 
77001255 KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
.00 
77001351 TODD R. WANEK 2015 GRAT 
250,000.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077986 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224170 
EFTA01379966

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379967.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Hi Bella, 
Cynthia Rodriguez
7/6/2017 1:37:29 PM 
Sella Klein 
Stewart 0ldfield 
RE: Annual Remediation 
; Richard Kahn 
Not a problem. Please send them along once they are available. Thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel 
Fax 
Email 
From: Bella Klein [maiIto 
Sent: Thursday, July 06, 2017 1:27 PM 
To: Cynthia Rodriguez < 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: Re: Annual Remediation 
Cynthia, 
>; Richard Kahn < 
We will have to order certificates for each of these companies. It typically takes 2-3 weeks to process. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On Jul 5, 2017, at 5:25 PM, Cynthia Rodriguez < 
> wrote: 
Hi Bella, 
Hope you had a nice long weekend. As part of our annual remediation, we will need updated certificates 
of good standing, dated within the last 6 months, for the following entities with DB: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077987 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224171 
EFTA01379967

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0047__EFTA01379968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0047
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01379968.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
• 
JEGE Inc 
• 
JEGE LLC 
• 
Jeepers Inc 
• 
LSJE LLC 
• 
Mort Inc 
• 
Plan D LLC 
• 
Zorro Management LLC 
• 
Gratitude America 
• 
Neptune LLC 
• 
NES LLC 
• 
Southern Financial LLC 
• 
Southern Trust Inc 
• 
J Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation 
Please feel free to reach out if you have any questions. Thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant We President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bark Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 24th Fl 10154-0004 New York, NY. USA 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are 
not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, 
disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory 
disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in 
this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0077988 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00224172 
EFTA01379968
